<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230803_10-K_edgar_data_1002638_0001002638-23-000022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>146987094</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1826037</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>128718534</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8127677</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4137170</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3728680</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001002638-23-000022.hdr.sgml : 20230803
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230803171914
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001002638-23-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		273
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230803
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230803

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OPEN TEXT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001002638
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				980154400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27544
		FILM NUMBER:		231141217

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 FRANK TOMPA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		WATERLOO
		CITY:			ONTARIO CANADA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			N2L 0A1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		519-888-7111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 FRANK TOMPA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		WATERLOO
		CITY:			ONTARIO CANADA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			N2L 0A1

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001002638-23-000022.txt : 20230803

10-K
 1
 otex-20230630.htm
 10-K

otex-20230630 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 ______________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 . 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 ______________________________________ 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of Class) 
 ______________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Shares held by non-affiliates, based on the closing price of the Common Shares as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market NASDAQ on December 31, 2022, the end of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion. As of July 28, 2023, there were outstanding Common Shares of the registrant. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 OPEN TEXT CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No Part I Item 1. Business 
 7 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 47 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 86 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 88 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 88 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 88 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 89 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 89 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 90 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 98 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 134 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 136 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 137 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 138 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 202 
 Signatures 
 203 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements or information (forward-looking statements) within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and other applicable securities laws of the United States and Canada, and is subject to the safe harbors created by those provisions. Words such as anticipates , expects , intends , plans , believes , seeks , estimates , may , could , would , might , will and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements or information that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, performance or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements, and based on our current expectations, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which we operate. Forward-looking statements reflect our current estimates, beliefs and assumptions, which are based on management s perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on certain assumptions including the following: (i) countries continuing to implement and enforce existing and additional customs and security regulations relating to the provision of electronic information for imports and exports; (ii) our continued operation of a secure and reliable business network; (iii) the stability of general political, economic and market conditions, including any potential recession; (iv) our ability to manage inflation, including increased labour costs associated with attracting and retaining employees and rising interest rates; (v) our continued ability to manage certain foreign currency risk through hedging; (vi) equity and debt markets continuing to provide us with access to capital; (vii) our continued ability to identify, source and finance attractive and executable business combination opportunities, as well as our ability to continue to successfully integrate any such opportunities, including in accordance with the expected timeframe and/or cost budget for such integration; (viii) our continued ability to avoid infringing third party intellectual property rights; and (ix) our ability to successfully implement our restructuring plans. Management s estimates, beliefs and assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events and, as such, are subject to change. We can give no assurance that such estimates, beliefs and assumptions will prove to be correct. 
 These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks as well as uncertainties, which include (i) the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on our business, including our decision to cease all direct business in Russia and Belarus and with known Russian-owned companies; and (ii) those discussed herein and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended June 30, 2023, which are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The actual results that we achieve may differ materially from any forward-looking statements, which reflect management's current expectations and projections about future results only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements. A number of factors may materially affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. These factors include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors , and forward-looking statements set forth in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as other documents we file from time to time with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and Canadian securities regulators. Any one of these factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. You should not rely too heavily on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these forward-looking statements are relevant only as of the date they were made. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 The following Fiscal Year terms are used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Fiscal Year Beginning Date Ending Date Fiscal 2025 
 July 1, 2024 
 June 30, 2025 
 Fiscal 2024 
 July 1, 2023 
 June 30, 2024 
 Fiscal 2023 
 July 1, 2022 
 June 30, 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 
 July 1, 2021 
 June 30, 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 
 July 1, 2020 
 June 30, 2021 
 Fiscal 2020 
 July 1, 2019 
 June 30, 2020 
 Fiscal 2019 
 July 1, 2018 
 June 30, 2019 
 Fiscal 2018 
 July 1, 2017 
 June 30, 2018 
 Fiscal 2017 
 July 1, 2016 
 June 30, 2017 
 Fiscal 2016 
 July 1, 2015 
 June 30, 2016 
 Fiscal 2015 
 July 1, 2014 
 June 30, 2015 
 Fiscal 2014 
 July 1, 2013 
 June 30, 2014 
 Fiscal 2013 
 July 1, 2012 
 June 30, 2013 
 Fiscal 2012 
 July 1, 2011 
 June 30, 2012 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in U.S. dollars and, unless otherwise indicated, all amounts included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars. References herein to the Company , OpenText , we or us refer to Open Text Corporation and, unless context requires otherwise, its subsidiaries. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The following is a summary of material risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, is not necessarily presented in order of importance, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 If we do not continue to develop technologically advanced products that successfully integrate with the software products and enhancements used by our customers, future revenues and our operating results may be negatively affected 
 Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and we may terminate one or more of our development programs 
 Our investment in our current research and development efforts may not provide a sufficient or timely return 
 If our software products and services do not gain market acceptance, our operating results may be negatively affected 
 Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete effectively 
 Other companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, which could materially increase costs and materially harm our ability to generate future revenues and profits 
 Our software products and services may contain defects that could harm our reputation, be costly to correct, delay revenues and expose us to litigation 
 Our software products rely on the stability of infrastructure software that, if not stable, could negatively impact the effectiveness of our products, resulting in harm to our reputation and business 
 Risks associated with the evolving use of the Internet, including changing standards, competition and regulation and associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business 
 Business disruptions, including those arising from disasters, pandemics or catastrophic events, may adversely affect our operations 
 Unauthorized disclosures, cyber-attacks, breaches of data security and other information technology risks may adversely affect our operations 
 Our success depends on our relationships with strategic partners, distributors and third-party service providers and any reduction in the sales efforts by distributors, cooperative efforts from our partners or service from third party providers could materially impact our revenues 
 The loss of licenses to resell or use third-party software or the lack of support or enhancement of such software could adversely affect our business 
 Current and future competitors could have a significant impact on our ability to generate future revenues and profits 
 The length of our sales cycle can fluctuate significantly which could result in significant fluctuations in revenues being recognized from quarter to quarter 
 Our existing customers might cancel contracts with us, fail to renew contracts on their renewal dates and/or fail to purchase additional services and products, and we may be unable to attract new customers, which could adversely affect our operating results 
 Consolidation in the industry, particularly by large, well-capitalized companies, could place pressure on our operating margins which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business 
 We may be unable to maintain or expand our base of small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) and consumer customers, which could adversely affect our anticipated future growth and operating results 
 Our sales to government clients expose us to business volatility and risks, including government budgeting cycles and appropriations, early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties 
 Geopolitical instability, political unrest, war and other global conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, has affected and may continue to affect our business 
 The restructuring of certain of our operations may be ineffective, may adversely affect our business and our finances, and we may incur additional restructuring charges in connection with such actions 
 We have a Flex-Office program, which subjects us to certain operational challenges and risks 
 We must continue to manage our internal resources during periods of company growth, or our operating results could be adversely affected 
 If we lose the services of our executive officers or other key employees or if we are not able to attract or retain top employees, our business could be significantly harmed 
 Our compensation structure may hinder our efforts to attract and retain vital employees 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Increased attention from shareholders, customers and other key relationships regarding our corporate social responsibility (CSR) and environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) practices could impact our business activities, financial performance and reputation 
 Risks Related to Acquisitions 
 Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and other business initiatives may negatively affect our operating results 
 We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, including the Micro Focus Acquisition (as defined below), or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected 
 We may be unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses or do so within the intended timeframes, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects 
 As a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition, the scope and size of our operations and business has substantially changed and will result in certain incremental risks to us. We cannot provide assurance that our expansion in scope and size will be successful 
 We incurred significant transaction costs in connection with the Micro Focus Acquisition, and could incur unanticipated costs during the integration of Micro Focus that could adversely affect our results of operations 
 Loss of key personnel could impair the integration of acquired businesses, lead to loss of customers and a decline in revenues, or otherwise could have an adverse effect on our operations 
 Businesses we acquire may have disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, cybersecurity and compliance with data privacy laws that are weaker than or otherwise not in conformity with ours 
 Pro forma financial information may not be indicative of our financial condition or results following the Micro Focus Acquisition 
 Risks Related to Laws and Regulatory Compliance 
 Our provision for income taxes and effective income tax rate may vary significantly and may adversely affect our results of operations and cash resources 
 As part of the ongoing audit of our Canadian tax returns by the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA), we have received notices of, and are appealing, reassessments for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016, and the CRA has audited Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 and is auditing Fiscal 2019. An adverse outcome of these ongoing audits could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations 
 Risks associated with data privacy issues, including evolving laws and regulations and associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business 
 Certain of our products may be perceived as, or determined by the courts to be, a violation of privacy rights and related laws. Any such perception or determination could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) and other machine learning technology is being integrated into some of our products, systems or solutions, which could present risks and challenges to our business 
 Risks Related to our Financial Condition 
 We may not generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our unfunded pension obligations 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could materially affect our financial results 
 Our indebtedness could limit our operations and opportunities 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 Our revenues and operating results are likely to fluctuate, which could materially impact the market price of our Common Shares 
 Changes in the market price of our Common Shares and credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities could lead to losses for shareholders and debt holders 
 General Risks 
 Unexpected events may materially harm our ability to align when we incur expenses with when we recognize revenues 
 We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to inaccurate sales forecasts or other factors 
 Our international operations expose us to business, political and economic risks 
 We may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us 
 The declaration, payment and amount of dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors 
 Our operating results could be adversely affected by any weakening of economic conditions 
 Stress in the global financial system may adversely affect our finances and operations 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1. Business 
 Incorporated in 1991, OpenText has grown to be a leader in Information Management offering a comprehensive line of Information Management products and services that power and protect businesses of all sizes. OpenText s Information Management solutions manage the creation, capture, use, analysis and lifecycle of structured and unstructured data. Our Information Management solutions are designed to help organizations extract value and insights from their information, secure that information and meet the growing list of privacy and compliance requirements. OpenText helps customers improve efficiencies, redefine business models and transform industries. 
 Our products are available in private cloud, public cloud, off-cloud and application programming interface (API) cloud, or any combination thereof, to support the customer s preferred deployment option. In providing choice and flexibility, we strive to maximize the lifetime value of the relationship with our customers and support their information-led transformation journey. 
 Business Overview and Strategy 
 About OpenText 
 OpenText is an Information Management company that provides software and services that empower digital businesses of all sizes to become more intelligent, connected, secure and responsible. The comprehensive OpenText Information Management platform and services provide secure and scalable solutions for global enterprises, SMBs, governments and consumers around the world. With critical tools and services for connecting and classifying data, OpenText accelerates customers ability to deploy Artificial Intelligence (AI), automate work, and strengthen productivity. The benefits of interconnected information enable customers to enhance real-time decision-making, meet new compliance standards, manage across multi-cloud environments, and stay cyber resilient with secure data. With rising compliance standards for data management, security, environmental, sustainability, and inclusion factors, OpenText empowers customers with foresight and trust. 
 Our products are fundamentally integrated into the operations and existing software systems of our customers businesses, so customers can securely manage the complexity of information flow end-to-end. Through automation and AI, we connect, synthesize and deliver information when and where needed to drive new efficiencies, experiences and insights. We make information more valuable by connecting it to digital business processes, enriching it with insights, protecting and securing it throughout its entire lifecycle and leveraging it to create engaging digital experiences. Our solutions connect large digital supply chains, IT service management ecosystems, application development and delivery workflows, and processes in many industries including manufacturing, retail and financial services. 
 Our solutions also enable organizations and consumers to secure their information so that they can collaborate with confidence, stay ahead of the regulatory technology curve and identify threats across their endpoints and networks. With a multi-layered security approach, we have a wide range of OpenText Cybersecurity solutions that power and protect at the data management layer, at the infrastructure and application layers, at the code, and at the edge, offering insights and threat intelligence across it all. 
 Our investments in research and development (R D) push product innovation, increasing the value of our offerings to our installed customer base and to new customers, which include Global 10,000 companies (G10K), SMBs and consumers. Our R D leverages our existing investments in the OpenText Cloud with the aim of ensuring that all our cloud products provide our customers with insights, meet compliance regulations and provide a seamless experience across our portfolio. Businesses of all sizes rely on a combination of public and private clouds, managed cloud services and off-cloud solutions. Looking ahead, the destination for our customers is hybrid and multi-cloud and our innovation roadmap is designed to provide flexibility in all environments. On January 31, 2023, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding ordinary shares of Micro Focus International Limited, formerly Micro Focus International plc (Micro Focus), a leading provider of mission-critical software technology and services that help customers accelerate digital transformation. 
 Our Products and Services 
 We leverage a common set of technologies, processes and systems to deliver our complete and integrated portfolio of Information Management solutions at scale to meet the demands and needs of a global market. Our solutions are marketed and delivered on the OpenText Cloud Platform, which supports customer deployments from private cloud to public cloud to off-cloud to API. Our architectural approach puts at the forefront the ability for customers to have the flexibility and customization they need in a hybrid multi-cloud world. The OpenText Cloud is a comprehensive Information Management platform consisting of six business clouds: our Content Cloud, Cybersecurity Cloud, 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Application Automation Cloud, Business Network Cloud, IT Operations Management Cloud and Analytics AI Cloud. In addition to our six business clouds, we have the Developers Cloud to help unleash developer creativity. 
 With embedded AI and analytics, our solutions improve business insight, employee productivity, customer experiences, asset utilization, collaboration, supply chain efficiency and risk management. Our innovation roadmap is focused on investing a significant amount of our R D in cloud and AI capabilities. This includes enhancing the capabilities and deployment options of the acquired Micro Focus products, growing our public cloud and API offerings, driving deep integrations through co-innovations with partners, integrating security, analytics and AI solutions throughout our offerings and investing to meet new compliance standards. Our platform offers multi-level, multi-role and multi-context security. Information is secured at the data level, by user-enrolled security, context rights and time-based security. We also provide encryption at rest for document-level security. Below is a listing of our Information Management solutions. 
 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, total revenues is comprised of 45 from Content Cloud, 20 from Cybersecurity Cloud, 15 from Business Network Cloud, 10 from Application Automation Cloud, 5 from IT Operations Management Cloud and 5 from Analytics AI Cloud, with revenues from Business Network Cloud and Cybersecurity Cloud primarily derived from Cloud revenues, and the remaining primarily derived from Customer support revenues. 
 Content Cloud 
 Our Content Cloud empowers customers to gain an information advantage through robust content management, improved integrations and intelligent automation. It connects content to the digital business eliminating silos and providing convenient, secure and compliant remote access to both structured and unstructured data, boosting productivity and insights and reducing risk. Our solutions manage the lifecycle, distribution, use and analysis of information across the organization, from capture through archiving and disposition. 
 Our Content Services solutions range from content collaboration and intelligent capture to records management, collaboration, e-signatures and archiving, and are available off-cloud, on a cloud provider of the customer s choice, as a subscription in the OpenText Cloud, in a hybrid environment or as a managed service. Our Content Services solutions enable customers to capture data from paper, electronic files and other sources and transform it into digital content delivered directly into content management solutions, business processes and analytic applications. Our customers can protect critical historical information within a secure, centralized archiving solution. OpenText Content Services adhere to the Content Management Interoperability Services (CMIS) standard and support a broad range of operating systems, databases, application servers and applications. 
 Our Content Services integrate with the applications that manage critical business processes, such as SAP S/4HANA, SAP SuccessFactors , Salesforce , Microsoft Office 365 and other software systems and applications, establishing the foundation for intelligent business process and content workflow automation. By connecting unstructured content with structured data workflows, our Content Services allow users to have the content they need, when they need it, reducing errors, driving greater business insight and increasing efficiency. 
 Also within Content Cloud, our Experience Cloud powers smarter experiences that drive revenue growth and customer loyalty. Our Digital Experience solutions create, manage, track and optimize omnichannel interactions throughout the customer journey, from acquisition to retention, and integrate with systems of record including Salesforce and SAP . The OpenText Digital Experience platform enables businesses to gain insights into their 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 customer interactions and optimize them to improve customer lifetime value. The platform includes solutions and extensions that deliver highly personalized content and engagements along a continuous customer journey. With AI-powered analytics, the Experience Cloud can evaluate and deliver optimized user experiences at scale to ensure every point of interaction, whether physical or digital, on any device, is engaging and personalized. 
 The Experience Cloud platform includes a range of solutions from Customer Experience Management (CXM), Web Content Management (WCM), Digital Asset Management (DAM), Customer Analytics, AI Insights, eDiscovery, Digital Fax, Omnichannel Communications, Secure Messaging, Voice of Customer (VoC), as well as customer journey, testing and segmentation. 
 Cybersecurity Cloud 
 Our Cybersecurity solutions provide organizations with capabilities to protect, prevent, detect, respond and quickly recover from threats across endpoints, network, applications, IT infrastructure and data, all with AI-led threat intelligence. OpenText Cybersecurity aims to protect critical information and processes through threat intelligence, forensics, identity, encryption, and cloud-based application security. 
 At the data layer, OpenText Cybersecurity helps customers be cyber-resilient with uninterrupted access and protection of business data against cyber threats. With Carbonite Endpoint, Carbonite Server, Carbonite Cloud-to-Cloud Backup and Information Archiving, we help ensure customers have visibility across all endpoints, devices and networks, for proactive discovery of sensitive data, identification of threats and sound data collection for investigation. 
 At the infrastructure and application layer, OpenText Cybersecurity solutions help detect issues and respond to and remediate threats. Our full suite of capabilities includes Application Security (Fortify), Identity and Access Management (NetIQ), Email Encryption (Voltage), Security Information and Event Management (SIEM with ArcSight), Endpoint Detection Response (EDR), Network Detection Response (NDR), Managed Detection and Response (MDR) and Digital Forensics Incident Response. OpenText delivers services, combining front-line experience with automation, AI technology and OpenText software to help organizations detect threats in real time. Moreover, our eDiscovery capabilities provide forensics and unstructured data analytics for searching and investigating data to manage legal obligations and organizational risks. For highly regulated organizations, these machine learning capabilities help drive compliance and timely responses in complex situations. From threat prevention to detection and response, data management to investigation and compliance, OpenText Cybersecurity offers solutions to keep business operations in a trusted state across endpoints, networks, clouds, email, webservers, firewalls and logs. 
 At the edge, we help customers protect endpoints, virtual machine platforms and browsers from rising cyber-attacks. With Webroot Endpoint Protection, Webroot Domain Name System (DNS) protection, Email Security by Zix, Security Awareness Training, MDR and Threat Hunting, our security solutions are directed to the SMB and consumers segments. We serve SMB together with our network of Managed Service Providers (MSPs) who help deploy OpenText solutions at scale. 
 OpenText Cybersecurity solutions help secure operations using solutions with threat intelligence. Threat monitoring with BrightCloud, remote endpoint protection and automated cloud backup and recovery work together to protect employees and customer data while allowing organizations to prepare for, respond to and recover quickly from cyber-attacks. OpenText Cybersecurity products help find information, to effectively conduct investigations, manage risk and respond to incidents. 
 Business Network Cloud 
 Our Business Network Cloud provides a foundation for digital supply chains and secure e-commerce ecosystems. Our Business Network manages data within the organization and outside the firewall, connecting people, systems and Internet of Things (IoT) devices at a global scale for those seeking to digitize and automate their procure-to-pay and order-to-cash processes. For our customers, our Business Network Cloud offerings deliver streamlined connectivity, secure collaboration and real-time business intelligence in a single, unified platform. Organizations of all sizes can build global and sustainable supply chains, rapidly onboard new trading partners, comply with regional mandates, assess their credit quality and ethics scores, provide electronic invoicing and remove information silos across ecosystems and the extended enterprise. 
 The foundation of our Business Network Cloud is our Trading Grid, which connects businesses, trading partners, transportation and logistics companies, financial institutions and government organizations globally. OpenText offers a range of application-to-application, IoT, identity and access management, active applications and industry specific applications. 
 We enable supply chain optimization, digital business integration, data management, messaging, security, communications and secure data exchange across an increasingly complex network of off-cloud and cloud applications, 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 connected devices, systems and people. The Business Network Cloud can be accessed through our new multi-tenant, self-service Foundation offering or as a managed service to simplify the inherent complexities of business-to-business (B2B) data exchange. OpenText s Business Network Cloud offers insights that help drive operational efficiencies, accelerate time to transaction and improve customer satisfaction. 
 IT Operations Management Cloud 
 Our IT Operations Management Cloud helps customers increase service levels and deliver better experiences through a more holistic management of IT assets and applications across all types of infrastructures and environments. Within IT operations management, we power IT service management for automation and advancement of IT support and asset management (SMAX). We enable customers with better AI operations management with the capabilities of network operations management (NOM) and connected data management and observability (OpsBridge). We help customers manage vulnerabilities and deployment of patches within their IT landscape through server and network automation. Lastly, with the power of our universal discovery and automation tools that can manage distributed landscapes, we help customers better manage cloud costs and carbon footprints. 
 As OpenText integrates the Micro Focus portfolio, we expect that new innovations will drive the combination of IT service management and enterprise content management to enable IT service agents with the right content and insights. Bringing the AI operations portfolio onto the OpenText private cloud is anticipated to allow customers to take advantage of the discovery capabilities on top of a private network and within private data. AI enabled tools are expected to accelerate how customers can manage and control cloud costs and carbon footprints across multiple environments. OpenText solutions are built on the integrated, AI-based OPTIC Platform to ensure IT efficiency and performance. 
 Analytics AI Cloud 
 OpenText Analytics AI Cloud solutions bring artificial intelligence with practical usage to provide organizations with actionable insights and better automation. We help organizations overcome enterprise data challenges through visualizations, advanced natural language processing and natural language understanding and integrated computer vision capabilities. With an open architecture, Analytics AI can integrate with external AI services, such as Google Cloud or Azure. 
 Our Analytics AI solutions feature capabilities from data analytics (Vertica) to insights from new unstructured data types (IDOL) to visualization that can be applied to key processes (Magellan, LegalTech). Our solutions help organizations process data of all types from anywhere, at any speed, and transforms data into insights that can be used in workflows through applications. These capabilities can be consumed as a full stack analytics engine or as API components embedded in other custom OEM solutions. 
 In addition, we have embedded AI data analytics in all our major offerings. Information management in the cloud, secure and intelligent and at scale; customers will benefit from our enhanced offerings. 
 Our AI and analytics capabilities within Content Cloud leverage structured or unstructured data to help organizations improve decision-making, gain operational efficiencies and increase visibility through interactive dashboards, reports and data visualizations. It leverages a comprehensive set of data analytics software, such as text mining, natural language processing, interactive visualizations and machine learning, to identify patterns, relationships, risks and trends that are used for predictive process automation and accelerated decision making. Our Magellan, Vertica, and IDOL solutions support composite AI for improved accuracy, and we help customers turn repositories of operational and experience information into clean and integrated data lakes that can be mined by AI to extract useful knowledge and insight for our customers. 
 Application Automation Cloud 
 The OpenText Application Automation Cloud focuses on helping customers re-engineer processes and quickly adapt to complex needs to deliver seamless customer and employee applications. Our cloud ready solutions speed up the development of case and process-driven applications with low-code, drag-and-drop components, reusable building blocks and pre-built accelerators to build and deploy solutions more easily. The Application Automation Cloud provides performance to functional testing, and lifecycle management of applications with improved visibility. Moreover, our professional services team works with customers to simplify complex interactions among people, content, transactions and workflows across multiple systems of record to support a diverse range of use cases. 
 Within our applications automation space, we help customers move workloads into the cloud by integrating customer applications they have on mainframes and older infrastructures. From mainframe development tools to host connectivity, our products deliver value managing a fast-paced and ever-changing IT landscape. Customers can innovate 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 faster, with lower risk, by transforming their core business applications, processes, and infrastructure from mainframe to cloud. 
 Developers Cloud 
 Developers can access API, cloud services and software development kits (SDK) from our six business cloud offerings, through the OpenText Developer Cloud, making it faster and easier to build, extend and customize Information Management applications. Our solutions help R D teams engage with our community of developers to innovate and build custom applications. Our API solutions help developers accelerate new product development, utilize fewer resources and reduce time to delivery for their projects. With our Developer Cloud s language-neutral protocols and cloud API services, our customers can reduce infrastructure spend, improve time-to-market and minimize the time and effort required to add new capabilities. 
 The OpenText Developer Cloud delivers a broad and deep set of Information Management capability for organizations to extend their existing OpenText implementations or include our capabilities into their own custom solutions, such as for customer, supplier and partner collaboration. The Developer Cloud also includes IoT and threat intelligence capabilities for organizations to dynamically integrate multi-tiered supply chain communities and build solutions for greater efficiency, agility and new value-added services. Data security is embedded throughout our offerings so the developer can focus on building differentiated user experiences. 
 Organizations can gain an information advantage and quickly turn ideas into solutions with OpenText APIs to build, integrate and customize Information Management applications. OpenText APIs empower developers to focus on code-based innovation with a single, secure, infrastructure agnostic platform, freely available technical documentation and an open and engaged developer community to share knowledge and best practices to solve problems and create new solutions. Our innovation roadmap includes APIs as a deployment option for all new products. 
 Services 
 OpenText provides a range of customer solutions through professional and managed services, whether off-cloud, in the OpenText Cloud, in hybrid scenarios or other clouds, including our partners: Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure. Our team provides full advisory, implementation, migration, operation and support services for our Information Management solutions to meet the needs of our customers. Cloud Managed Services aims to help keep customers current on the latest technology and to meet complex requirements, all with reduced burden on information technology staff and ensure optimal application management by trusted experts. 
 With OpenText Managed Services, organizations can focus resources on their core business priorities with the knowledge that their infrastructure, applications, integrations and upgrades are all managed, monitored and optimized for security, performance and compliance. Our Cloud Managed Services offering provides customers with a single point of contact and a single service level agreement for OpenText solutions managed in our partner s clouds. 
 Our Strategy 
 Growth 
 As an organization, we are committed to Total Growth , meaning we strive towards delivering value through organic initiatives, innovations and acquisitions. With an emphasis on increasing recurring revenues and expanding profitability, we believe our Total Growth strategy will ultimately drive cash flow growth, thus helping to fuel our innovation, broaden our go-to-market distribution and identify and execute strategic acquisitions. With strategic acquisitions, we are well positioned to expand our product portfolio and improve our ability to innovate and grow organically, which helps us to meet our long-term growth targets. Our Total Growth strategy is a durable model, that we believe will create both near and long-term shareholder value through organic and acquired growth, capital efficiency and profitability. 
 As a global leader in Information Management, we know customers need an integrated set of cloud products, solutions and services as a foundation for efficiency and growth. The cloud is a strategic business imperative that drives customers investment in product innovation, business agility, operational efficiency and cost management. We are committed to continuing our investment in the OpenText Cloud to better suit the evolving needs of our customers. 
 We are committed to continuous innovation. Over the last three fiscal years, we have invested a cumulative total of 1.5 billion in R D or 13.6 of cumulative revenue for that three-year period. On an annual basis, we continue to target to spend 14 to 16 of revenues on R D expense. With our innovation roadmap delivered, we believe we have fortified our support for customer choice: private cloud, public cloud, off-cloud, and API cloud. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Our investments in R D push product innovation, increasing the value of our offerings to our installed customer base and new customers, which includes G10K, enterprise companies, public sector agencies, mid-market companies, SMB and consumers. The G10K are the world s largest companies, ranked by estimated total revenues, as well as the world s largest governments and organizations. More valuable products, coupled with our established global partner program, lead to greater distribution and cross-selling opportunities which further help us to achieve organic growth. 
 We remain a value oriented and disciplined acquirer, having efficiently deployed 13.4 billion on acquisitions over the last 10 fiscal years. Mergers and acquisitions are one of our leading growth drivers. We look for companies that are situated within our total addressable markets. 
 We have developed a philosophy, the OpenText Business System, that is designed to create value by leveraging a clear set of operational mandates for integrating newly acquired companies and assets. We see our ability to successfully integrate acquired companies and assets into our business as a strength and pursuing strategic acquisitions is an important aspect to our Total Growth strategy. We expect to continue to acquire strategically, to integrate and innovate, and to deepen and strengthen our intelligent information platform for customers. 
 We regularly evaluate acquisition and divestiture opportunities and at any time may be at various stages of discussion with respect to such opportunities. For additional details on our acquisitions, please see Acquisitions During the Last Five Fiscal Years , elsewhere in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 OpenText Revenues 
 Our business consists of four revenue streams: cloud services and subscriptions, customer support, license and professional service and other. For information regarding our revenues by significant geographic area for Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, please see Note 20 Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Cloud Services and Subscriptions 
 Cloud services and subscriptions revenues consist of (i) software as a service (SaaS) offerings, (ii) APIs and data services, (iii) hosted services and (iv) managed service arrangements. These offerings allow customers to transmit a variety of content between various mediums and to securely manage enterprise information without the commitment of investing in related hardware infrastructure. 
 OpenText expects the cloud to be our largest driver of growth. Supported by a global, scalable and secure infrastructure, OpenText Cloud Editions includes a foundational platform of technology services, and packaged business applications for industry and business processes. Managed services provide an end-to-end fully outsourced B2B integration solution to our customers, including program implementation, operational management and customer support. 
 Customer Support 
 The first year of our customer support offering is usually purchased by customers together with the license of our Information Management software products. Customer support is typically renewed on an annual basis and historically customer support revenues have been a significant portion of our total revenue. Through our OpenText customer support programs, customers receive access to software and security upgrades, a knowledge base, discussion boards, product information and an online mechanism to post and review trouble tickets. Additionally, our customer support teams handle questions on the use, configuration and functionality of OpenText products and help identify software issues, develop solutions and document enhancement requests for consideration in future product releases. 
 License 
 License revenues consist of fees earned from the licensing of software products to our customers. Our license revenues are impacted by the strength of general economic and industry conditions, the competitive strength of our software products and our acquisitions. The decision by a customer to license our software products often involves a comprehensive implementation process across the customer s network or networks and the licensing and implementation of our software products may entail a significant commitment of resources by prospective customers. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Professional Service and Other 
 We provide consulting and learning services to customers. Generally, these services relate to the implementation, training and integration of our licensed product offerings into the customer s systems. 
 Our consulting services help customers build solutions that enable them to leverage their investments in our technology and in existing enterprise systems. The implementation of these services can range from simple modifications to meet specific departmental needs to enterprise applications that integrate with multiple existing systems. 
 Our learning services consultants analyze our customers education and training needs, focusing on key learning outcomes and timelines, with a view to creating an appropriate education plan for the employees of our customers who work with our products. Education plans are designed to be flexible and can be applied to any phase of implementation: pilot, roll-out, upgrade or refresher. OpenText learning services employ a blended approach by combining mentoring, instructor-led courses, webinars, eLearning and focused workshops. 
 Marketing and Sales 
 Customers 
 Our customer base consists of G10K organizations, enterprise companies, public sector agencies, mid-market companies, SMB and direct consumers. 
 Partners and Alliances 
 We are committed to establishing relationships with the best resellers and technology and service providers to ensure customer success. Together as partners, we fulfill key market objectives to drive new business, establish a competitive advantage and create demonstrable business value. 
 Our OpenText Partner Network offers five distinct programs: Strategic Partners, Global Systems Integrators, Resellers, Technology and Managed Service Providers. This creates an extended organization to develop technologies, repeatable service offerings and solutions that enhance the way our customers maximize their investment in our products and services. Through the OpenText Partner Network, we are extending market coverage, building stronger relationships and providing customers with a more complete local ecosystem of partners to meet their needs. Each distinct program is focused to provide valuable business benefits to the joint relationship. 
 We have a number of strategic partnerships that contribute to our success. These include the most prominent organizations in enterprise software, hardware and public cloud, with whom we work to enhance the value of customer investments. They include: 
 SAP SE (SAP) : We partner with SAP on content services. The OpenText Suite for SAP solutions provides key business content within the context of SAP business processes providing enhanced efficiencies, reduced risk and better experiences for customers, employees and partners - accessible anywhere and anytime and available on and off-cloud. 
 Google Cloud : We work together with Google Cloud to deploy our Information Management solutions on the Google Cloud Platform. This includes a containerized application architecture for flexible cloud or hybrid deployment models. Deploying our solutions on the Google Cloud Platform allows our customers to scale their deployments as their businesses demand. We offer our solutions as a managed service and selected products as a SaaS offering. 
 Amazon Web Services (AWS) : Our collaboration offers businesses the opportunity to consume our Information Management solutions as fully managed services on AWS for cost savings, increased performance, scalability and security. 
 Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft) : Together with Microsoft, we enable customers to connect all aspects of their content infrastructure, integrating these into business processes and enable collaboration, management and governance on the most valuable asset - information. With the acquisition of Zix Corporation (Zix) in 2021, we extended our partnership with Microsoft by becoming one of their nine authorized Cloud Solutions Providers in the North American market. 
 Oracle Corporation (Oracle) : We develop innovative solutions for Oracle applications that enhance the experience and productivity of users working with these tools. 
 Salesforce.com Corporation (Salesforce) : The company-to-company partnership between OpenText and Salesforce is focused on growing a full portfolio of Information Management solutions to complement the Salesforce ecosystem by uniting the structured and unstructured information experience. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 DXC Technology Company (DXC) : We partner with DXC to deliver mission critical IT services to global companies including testing solutions, application development and IT operations management for the optimization and modernization of data centers. 
 Global Systems Integrators (GSIs) provide customers with digital transformational services around OpenText technologies. They are trained and certified on OpenText solutions and enhance the value of our offerings by providing technical credibility and complementary services to customers. Our GSIs include DXC, Accenture plc, Capgemini Technology Services SAS, Deloitte Consulting LLP, Hewlett Packard Enterprises and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). 
 Our partner program also enables MSPs, resellers, distributors and network and security vendors to grow through cloud-based cybersecurity, threat intelligence and backup and recovery solutions aimed at the SMB and consumer markets. We provide the industry-specific tools, services, training, integrations, certifications and platforms our partners need to ensure trust and reliability with their customer base. 
 We currently have over 22,000 MSPs in our network which provide a key go-to-market channel for us as MSPs act as intermediaries between the solutions vendors like OpenText and the SMB market. An MSP specializes in their local market and provides managed services to their clients. 
 International Markets 
 We provide our product offerings worldwide. Our geographic coverage allows us to draw on business and technical expertise from a geographically diverse workforce, providing greater stability to our operations and revenue streams by diversifying our portfolio to better mitigate against the risks of a single geographically focused business. 
 There are inherent risks to conducting operations internationally. For more information about these risks, see Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Competition 
 The market for our products and services is highly competitive, subject to rapid technological change and shifting customer needs and economic pressures. We compete with multiple companies, some that have single or narrow solutions and some that have a range of information management solutions, like us. Our primary competitor is International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), with numerous other software vendors competing with us in the Information Management sector, such as Box Inc., Hyland Software Inc., Alfresco Software Inc., ServiceNow Inc., Atlassian Corp., Splunk Inc., Gen Digital Inc. and Adobe Inc. In certain markets, OpenText competes with Oracle and Microsoft, who are also our partners. In addition, we also face competition from systems integrators that configure hardware and software into customized systems. Additionally, new competitors or alliances among existing competitors may emerge and could rapidly acquire additional market share. We expect that competition will increase because of ongoing software industry consolidation. 
 We believe that certain competitive factors affect the market for our software products and services, which may include: (i) vendor and product reputation; (ii) product quality, performance and price; (iii) the availability of software products on multiple platforms; (iv) product scalability; (v) product integration with other enterprise applications; (vi) software functionality and features; (vii) software ease of use; (viii) the quality of professional services, customer support services and training; and (ix) the ability to address specific customer business problems. We believe the relative importance of each of these factors depends upon the concerns and needs of each specific customer. 
 Research and Development 
 The industry in which we compete is subject to rapid technological developments, evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements and competitive new products and features. As a result, our success, in part, depends on our ability to continually enhance our existing products in a timely and efficient manner and to develop and introduce new products that meet customer needs while reducing total cost of ownership. 
 To achieve these objectives, we have made and expect to continue to make investments in research and development, through internal and third-party development activities, third-party licensing agreements and potentially through technology acquisitions. We expect a significant amount of our future R D investment will be in cloud-based technologies. 
 Our R D expenses were 680.6 million for Fiscal 2023, 440.4 million for Fiscal 2022 and 421.4 million for Fiscal 2021. We believe our spending on research and development is an appropriate balance between managing our organic growth and results of operations. We expect to continue to invest in R D to maintain and improve our products and services offerings. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions During the Last Five Fiscal Years 
 We regularly evaluate acquisition opportunities within the Information Management market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions with respect to such opportunities. 
 Below is a summary of certain significant acquisitions we have made over the last five fiscal years. 
 On January 31, 2023, we acquired Micro Focus, a leading provider of mission-critical software technology and services that help customers accelerate digital transformations, for 6.2 billion (the Micro Focus Acquisition). 
 On December 23, 2021, we acquired Zix, a leader in SaaS based email encryption, threat protection and compliance cloud solutions for SMBs, for 894.5 million. 
 On November 24, 2021, we acquired all of the equity interest in Bricata Inc. (Bricata) for 17.8 million. 
 O n March 9, 2020, we acquired XMedius, a provider of secure information exchange and unified communication solutions, for 73.5 million. 
 O n December 24, 2019, we acquired Carbonite Inc. (Carbonite), a leading provider of cloud-based subscription backup, disaster recovery and endpoint security to SMB, consumers and a wide variety of partners, for 1.4 billion. 
 O n December 2, 2019, we acquired certain assets and certain liabilities of Dynamic Solutions Group (The Fax Guys) for 5.1 million. 
 O n January 31, 2019, we acquired Catalyst, a leading provider of eDiscovery that designs, develops and supports market-leading cloud eDiscovery software, for 71.4 million. 
 On December 17, 2018, we acquired Liaison, a leading provider of cloud-based business to business integration, for 310.6 million. 
 We believe our acquisitions support our long-term strategy for growth, strengthen our competitive position, expand our customer base and provide greater scale to accelerate innovation, grow our earnings and provide superior shareholder value. We expect to continue to strategically acquire companies, products, services and technologies to augment our existing business. 
 Intellectual Property Rights 
 Our success and ability to compete depends in part on our ability to develop, protect and maintain our intellectual property and proprietary technology and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. Our software products are generally licensed to our customers on a non-exclusive basis for internal use in a customer s organization. We also grant rights to our intellectual property to third parties that allow them to market certain of our products on a non-exclusive or limited-scope exclusive basis for a particular application of the product(s) or to a particular geographic area. 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws, non-disclosure agreements and other contractual provisions to establish and maintain our proprietary rights. We have obtained or applied for trademark registration for corporate and strategic product names in selected major markets. We have a number of U.S. and foreign patents and pending applications, including patents and rights to patent applications acquired through strategic transactions, which relate to various aspects of our products and technology. The duration of our patents is determined by the laws of the country of issuance and is typically 20 years from the date of filing of the patent application resulting in the patent. From time to time, we may enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation in line with our strategic and business objectives. While we believe our intellectual property is valuable and our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property rights is important to our success, we also believe that our business as a whole is not materially dependent on any particular patent, trademark, license, or other intellectual property right. 
 For more information on the risks related to our intellectual property rights, see Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Looking Towards the Future 
 In Fiscal 2024 we intend to continue to implement strategies that are designed to: 
 Invest in Innovation. We believe we are well-positioned to develop additional innovative solutions to address the evolving market. We plan to continue investing in technology innovation by funding internal development, acquiring complementary technologies and collaborating with third parties. 
 Invest in the Cloud. Today, the destination for innovation is the cloud. Businesses of all sizes rely on a combination of APIs, public and private clouds, managed services and off-cloud solutions. As a result, we are committed to continue to modernize our technology infrastructure and leverage existing investments in the OpenText Cloud. The combination of 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 OpenText cloud-native applications and managed services, together with the scalability and performance of our partner public cloud providers, offer more secure, reliable and compliant solutions to customers wanting to deploy cloud-based Information Management applications. OpenText Cloud Editions is designed to build additional flexibility and scalability for our customers: becoming cloud-native, connecting anything and extending capabilities quickly with multi-tenant SaaS applications and services. 
 Invest in AI. We believe that customers are seeking practical AI and OpenText is in a strong position to help customers discover the most prevailing use cases that leverage an interconnected source of all data types (content, business network, customer experience, IT service management, application development, asset management, IoT, etc.). We believe one of the greatest opportunities is to help customers leverage their operational and experience data with generative AI to discover new insights for efficiency and competitive advantages. We strive to co-innovate with customers by taking the proven concept of machine learning and applying it to their organizational needs. 
 Broaden Global Presence . As customers become increasingly multi-national and as international markets continue to adopt Information Management solutions, we plan to further grow our brand, presence and partner networks in these new markets. We are focused on using our direct sales for targeting existing G10K customers and plan to address new geographies and SMB customers, jointly with our partners. 
 Broaden Our Information Management Reach into the G10K. As technologies and customers become more sophisticated, we intend to be a leader in expanding the definition of traditional market sectors. We continue to expand our direct sales coverage of the G10K as we focus on connecting this marquee customer base to our information platform. 
 Deepen Existing Customer Footprint . We believe one of our greatest opportunities is to sell newly developed or acquired technologies to our existing customer base, and cross-sell historical OpenText products to newly acquired customers. We have significant expertise in a number of industry sectors and aim to increase our customer penetration based on our strong credentials. We are particularly focused on circumstances where the customer is looking to consolidate multiple vendors with solutions from a single source while addressing a broader spectrum of business problems or equally new or existing customers looking to take a more holistic approach to digital transformation. 
 Invest in Technology Leadership. We believe we are well-positioned to develop additional innovative solutions to address the evolving market. We plan to continue investing in technology innovation by funding internal development, acquiring complementary technologies and collaborating with third-parties. 
 Deepen Strategic Partnerships. OpenText is committed culturally, programmatically and strategically to be a partner-embracing company. Our partnerships with companies such as SAP SE, Google Cloud, AWS, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Salesforce.com Corporation and others serve as examples of how we are working together with our partners to create next-generation Information Management solutions and deliver them to market. We will continue to look for ways to create more customer value from our strategic partnerships. 
 Deliver Organic Growth. We are focused on investing and delivering on organic growth. The Information Management market is large and is expected to continue to grow and we expect cloud to be our leading growth driver. We have multiple initiatives that are designed to deliver organic growth including; guiding our customers along their cloud journey, investing in our mid-market channel and deepening our relationships with our partners and hyperscalers. As customers move into the cloud, it will facilitate cross-sell and upsell opportunities across the product portfolio and geographies. 
 Execute on Deleveraging Goals. As part of the Micro Focus Acquisition, the Company announced an initiative to deleverage our balance sheet through the repayment of outstanding debt instruments utilizing the free cash flows generated from our combined operations. We intend to maintain our dividend during our deleveraging initiatives which is aimed at enhancing our continued commitment to returning value to our shareholders. 
 Selectively Pursue Acquisitions. We expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions to strengthen our service offerings in the Information Management market. Considering the continually evolving marketplace in which we operate, we regularly evaluate acquisition opportunities within the Information Management market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions with respect to such opportunities. We plan to continue to pursue acquisitions that complement our existing business, represent a strong strategic fit and are consistent with our overall growth strategy and disciplined financial management. We may also target future acquisitions to expand or add functionality and capabilities to our existing portfolio of solutions, as well as add new solutions to our portfolio. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 Our Global Footprint 
 Our ability to attract, retain and engage a diverse workforce committed to innovation, operational excellence and the OpenText mission and values across our global footprint is a cornerstone to our success. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we employed a total of approximately 24,100 individuals, of which approximately 9,700 joined our workforce as part of the Micro Focus Acquisition. Of the total 24,100 individuals we employed as of June 30, 2023, 9,050 or 38 are in the Americas, 5,750 or 24 are in EMEA and 9,300 or 38 are in Asia Pacific. Currently, we have employees in 45 countries enabling strong access to multiple talent pools while ensuring reach and proximity to our customers. Please see Results of Operations included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our definitions of geographic regions. 
 The approximate composition of our employee base is as follows: (i) 4,800 employees in sales and marketing, (ii) 8,300 employees in product development, (iii) 3,700 employees in cloud services, (iv) 2,200 employees in professional services, (v) 1,700 employees in customer support and (vi) 3,400 employees in general and administrative roles. 
 We believe that relations with our employees are strong. In certain jurisdictions, where it is customary to do so, a Workers Council or professional union represents our employees. 
 Employee Safety and Remote Work 
 The OpenText COVID-19 pandemic response program, Project Shield, evolved in Fiscal 2023 with the global lifting of COVID-19 safety restrictions. While active, Project Shield kept teams informed with comprehensive resources and current COVID-19 information, including a dedicated platform with helpful health and safety protocols for our employees returning to the office. 
 As of January 2023, all office-based employees were granted the flexibility to work from home up to 40 of their time. Project Shield worked alongside our internal teams to launch our flexible approach to return to the office. We continue to invest in software and hardware along with office redesign to support a flexible workforce where teams can collaborate and be productive. Using our offices in a purposeful way drives innovation, creativity and teamwork. Our past experiences continue to inform our future workplace standards and practices. See We have a Flex-Office program, which subjects us to certain operational challenges and risks in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors included elsewhere within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Employee Engagement 
 We regularly conduct employee research to understand perceptions in the areas of engagement, company strategy, personal impact, manager effectiveness, recognition, career development and equity, diversity and inclusion. Participation level and engagement have remained high. Throughout the phases of the global health pandemic, employee communication and listening strategies increased, including supplemental surveys ranging from topics of well-being, feedback from new hires on the quality of their onboarding and office re-opening plans. 
 Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance 
 The OpenText Zero-In Initiative is our commitment to our global impact goals and initiatives related to ESG. We believe the future of growth is sustainable and inclusive, and we commit to zero footprint, zero barriers and achieving our commitments with zero compromise through our purposeful goals to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2040, zero waste from operations by 2030 and to be majority ethnically diverse among employees by 2030 with equal gender representation in key roles and 40 women in leadership positions at all management levels. 
 Our charitable giving program supports activities at the local and global level, focused on education, innovation, disaster relief and the health and welfare of children and families. We also provide employees three paid days off to volunteer and make an impact to the causes that matter most to them. In addition, we launched the Navigator Internship Program to create pathways to digital jobs for Indigenous and under-represented minority students. 
 To operate long-term, we need to ensure that our local communities and the natural environment are thriving. We are committed to mitigating any adverse environmental impacts of our business activities, which at a minimum means abiding by all environmental laws, regulations and standards that apply to us. Our Environmental Policy articulates our commitment to measuring and managing our environmental impact. We integrate the consideration of environmental concerns and impacts into our everyday decision making and business activities. Externally, we promote sustainable 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 consumption by developing and promoting environmentally sound technologies to support our customers digital transformations, including transitioning to the cloud environment. Internally, we continue to develop, implement and manage company-wide environmental initiatives. 
 See Increased attention from shareholders, customers and other key relationships regarding our CSR and ESG practices could impact our business activities, financial performance and reputation in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors included elsewhere within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Equity, Diversity and Inclusion (ED I) 
 We are passionate about creating an inclusive environment where skilled and diverse employees thrive, deliver compelling innovations to our customers and provide shareholder value. We are committed to increasing equity in opportunity for all employees regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion or other differences. 
 At OpenText, we have established a global Equity, Diversity and Inclusion steering committee to guide ED I programs. We bring our ambition to life through impact teams made of employees who come together to recommend policies, programs and initiatives across a range of topics. 
 Our impact teams are leading global initiatives with local impact which include: 
 Awareness and Training: For employees and managers on matters such as inclusive leadership practices and diversity awareness; 
 Recruiting: Platforms that are inclusive, diverse slates for key leadership roles and an increased focus on virtual work opportunities to widen recruiting talent and diversity; 
 Advancement: Internal career building opportunities, mentoring and networks; 
 Advocacy: Employee affinity groups, including Black Employee Empowerment and Women in Technology, fostering sponsorship, community and career conversations; and 
 Civic Action: Focusing an ED I lens on community outreach and engagement. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Our compensation philosophy is based on a set of principles that align with business strategy, reflect business and individual performance levels, consider market conditions to ensure competitiveness, demonstrate internal pay equity for similar roles and reflect the impact that economic conditions have on pay programs. 
 Our compensation and benefit programs are regularly reviewed through an executive-sponsored governance process. Across the Company, we offer a wide variety of retirement and group benefits including medical, life and disability, which are designed to protect employees and their dependents against financial hardship due to illness or injury. Programs are designed to recognize the diversity of our work force and a range of well-being needs. We also have regional Employee Assistance Programs in many countries that provide 24/7 confidential counselling, support and access to resources for employees and their families. The OpenText Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) is a global benefit program that allows all eligible employees to purchase OpenText shares at a 15 discount and provides the opportunity for employees to strengthen their ownership in the Company while enjoying the benefits of potential share price appreciation. 
 Internal equity is a cornerstone of our goals. Our pay programs are carefully designed and governed, from hiring practices to consistency in progression rates for common roles. In designing variable pay for performance awards, we focus only on measurable outcomes rather than subjective measures. This ensures true equity in opportunity and awards tied to business results. 
 Employee Education, Training and Compliance 
 We know that employees join OpenText for continuous learning, experience and credentials to shape their careers. Our strategies focus on ensuring strong technical credentials, building capabilities, new skills sets and a high duty of care in ensuring ethical, secure and compliant practices. All employees have internal access to certification on OpenText and partner products. 
 Leaders and managers play a key role in the engagement of employees. From a focus on high quality interviewing and onboarding of new hires to the importance of career development planning, we foster a culture and value proposition of career development. Internal applications to job postings are highly encouraged. Our annual Career Week event focuses on career development planning and honing manager skills in developing teams. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We offer an annual education reimbursement program to all employees globally. This program aligns with our commitment to support internal development, equal opportunity and mobility across all of our geographies, regardless of an employee s role, function or location. We have designed the education reimbursement program to meet the needs of all personalized development goals through programs that range from technical to business skills. 
 As part of our commitment to the highest standards of conduct, all employees and contractors participate in an annual formal Compliance and Data Security Training, including Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Responsible Business Practices, Data Protection, Global Data Privacy Practices, Protecting Information and Preventing Sexual Harassment Training. These compliance programs ensure that we operate our business with integrity, following standard business ethics across the globe. 
 Available Information 
 OpenText Corporation was incorporated on June 26, 1991. Our principal office is located at 275 Frank Tompa Drive, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada N2L 0A1, and our telephone number at that location is (519) 888-7111. Our internet address is www.opentext.com. Our website is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as an inactive textual reference only. Except for the documents specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered to be a part of this Annual Report. 
 Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed with or furnished to the SEC may be obtained free of charge through the Investors section of our website at investors.opentext.com as soon as is reasonably practical after we electronically file or furnish these reports. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and our filings with the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) may be accessed through the CSA s System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR) at www.sedar.com . The SEC and SEDAR websites are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as inactive textual references only. Except for the documents specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, information contained on the SEC or SEDAR websites is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered to be a part of this Annual Report. All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by applicable law. 
 Investors should note that we may announce information using our website, press releases, securities law filings, public conference calls, webcasts and the social media channels identified on the Investors section of our website (https://investors.opentext.com). Such social media channels may include the Company s or our CEO s blog, Twitter account or LinkedIn account. The information posted through such channels may be material. Accordingly, investors should monitor such channels in addition to our other forms of communication. Unless otherwise specified, such information is not incorporated into, or deemed to be a part of, our Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or under applicable Canadian securities laws. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The following important factors could cause our actual business and financial results to differ materially from our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections. These forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or made elsewhere by management from time to time are subject to important risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies. The risks discussed below are not necessarily presented in order of importance or probability of occurrence. 
 You should read these risk factors in conjunction with the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 If we do not continue to develop technologically advanced products that successfully integrate with the software products and enhancements used by our customers, future revenues and our operating results may be negatively affected 
 Our success depends upon our ability to design, develop, test, market, license, sell and support new software products and services and enhancements of current products and services on a timely basis in response to both competitive threats and marketplace demands. The software industry is increasingly focused on cloud computing, mobility, social media, SaaS and artificial intelligence, among other continually evolving shifts. In addition, our software products, services and enhancements must remain compatible with standard platforms and file formats. Often, we must integrate software licensed or acquired from third parties with our proprietary software to create new products or improve our existing products. If we are unable to achieve a successful integration with third party software, we may not be successful in developing and marketing our new software products, services and enhancements. If we are unable to successfully integrate third party software to develop new software products, services and enhancements to existing software products and services, or to complete the development of new software products and services which we license or acquire from third parties, our operating results will be materially adversely affected. In addition, if the integrated or new products or enhancements do not achieve acceptance by the marketplace, our operating results will be materially adversely affected. Moreover, if new industry standards emerge that we do not anticipate or adapt to, or, if alternatives to our services and solutions are developed by our competitors in times of rapid technological change, our software products and services could be rendered less competitive or obsolete, causing us to lose market share and, as a result, harm our business and operating results and our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and we may terminate one or more of our development programs 
 We may determine that certain software product candidates or programs do not have sufficient potential to warrant the continued allocation of resources. Accordingly, we may elect to terminate one or more of our programs for such product candidates. If we terminate a software product in development in which we have invested significant resources, our prospects may suffer, as we will have expended resources on a project that does not provide a return on our investment, and may have missed the opportunity to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive uses, which may negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our investment in our current research and development efforts may not provide a sufficient or timely return 
 The development of information management software products is a costly, complex and time-consuming process, and the investment in information management software product development often involves a long wait until a return is achieved on such an investment. We are making, and will continue to make, significant investments in software research and development and related product and service opportunities. Investments in new technology and processes are inherently speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors, including the degree of innovation of the software products and services developed through our research and development efforts, sufficient support from our strategic partners and effective distribution and marketing. Accelerated software product introductions and short product life cycles require high levels of expenditures for research and development and the potential introduction of government regulation, including that related to the use of AI, may increase the costs of research and development. These expenditures may adversely affect our operating results if they are not offset by corresponding revenue increases. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. However, significant revenues from new software product and service investments may not be achieved for a number of years, if at all. Moreover, new software products 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins for new software products and services may not be as high as the margins we have experienced for our current or historical software products and services. 
 If our software products and services do not gain market acceptance, our operating results may be negatively affected 
 We intend to pursue our strategy of being a market leading consolidator for cloud-based information management solutions. We intend to grow the capabilities of our information management software offerings through our proprietary research and the development of new software product and service offerings, as well as through acquisitions. It is important to our success that we continue to enhance our software products and services in response to customer demand and to seek to set the standard for information management capabilities. The primary market for our software products and services is rapidly evolving, and the level of acceptance of products and services that have been released recently, or that are planned for future release to the marketplace, is not certain. If the markets for our software products and services fail to develop, develop more slowly than expected or become subject to increased competition, our business may suffer. As a result, we may be unable to: (i) successfully market our current products and services; (ii) develop new software products and services and enhancements to current software products and services; (iii) complete customer implementations on a timely basis; or (iv) complete software products and services currently under development. In addition, increased competition and transitioning from perpetual license sales to subscription-based business model could put significant pricing pressures on our products, which could negatively impact our margins and profitability. If our software products and services are not accepted by our customers or by other businesses in the marketplace, our business, operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected. 
 Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete effectively 
 We are highly dependent on our ability to protect our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as non-disclosure agreements and other contractual provisions, to establish and maintain our proprietary rights. We intend to protect our intellectual property rights vigorously; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will, in all cases, be successful, and these measures can be costly and/or subject us to counterclaims, including challenges to the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Enforcement of our intellectual property rights may be difficult, particularly in some countries outside of North America in which we seek to market our software products and services. While Canadian and U.S. copyright laws, international conventions and international treaties may provide meaningful protection against unauthorized duplication of software, the laws of some foreign jurisdictions may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of Canada or the United States. The absence of internationally harmonized intellectual property laws makes it more difficult to ensure consistent protection of our proprietary rights. Software piracy has been, and is expected to be, a persistent problem for the software industry, and piracy of our software products represents a loss of revenue to us. Where applicable, certain of our license arrangements have required us to make a limited confidential disclosure of portions of the source code for our software products, or to place such source code into escrow for the protection of another party. Despite the precautions we have taken, unauthorized third parties, including our competitors, may be able to copy certain portions of our software products or reverse engineer or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Our competitive position may be adversely affected by our possible inability to effectively protect our intellectual property. In addition, certain of our products contain open source software. Licensees of open source software may be required to make public certain source code, to license proprietary software for free or to permit others to create derivative works of proprietary software. While we monitor and control the use of open source software in our products and in any third party software that is incorporated into our products, and try to ensure that no open source software is used in such a way that negatively affects our proprietary software, there can be no guarantee that such use does not occur inadvertently, which in turn, could harm our intellectual property position and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, any undetected errors or defects in open source software could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our software products, delay the introduction of new solutions, or render our software more vulnerable to breaches or security attacks. 
 Other companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, which could materially increase costs and materially harm our ability to generate future revenues and profits 
 Claims of infringement (including misappropriation and/or other intellectual property violation) are common in the software industry and increasing as related legal protections, including copyrights and patents, are applied to software products. Although most of our technology is proprietary in nature, we do include certain third party and open source software in our software products. In the case of third-party software, we believe this software is licensed from the entity holding the intellectual property rights. While we believe that we have secured proper licenses for all material third-party intellectual property that is integrated into our products in a manner that requires a license, third parties have and may continue to assert infringement claims against us in the future. In particular, our efforts to protect our intellectual property through patent litigation may result in counterclaims of patent infringement by counterparties in such suits. Any such assertion, regardless of merit, may result in litigation or require us to obtain a license for the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such licenses 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 may not be available, or they may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, as we continue to develop software products and expand our portfolio using new technology and innovation, our exposure to threats of infringement may increase. Any infringement claims and related litigation could be time-consuming and disruptive to our ability to generate revenues or enter into new market opportunities and may result in significantly increased costs as a result of our defense against those claims or our attempt to license the intellectual property rights or rework our products to avoid infringement of third-party rights. Typically, our agreements with our partners and customers contain provisions that require us to indemnify them for damages sustained by them as a result of any infringement claims involving our products. Any of the foregoing infringement claims and related litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results as well as on our ability to generate future revenues and profits. 
 Our software products and services may contain defects that could harm our reputation, be costly to correct, delay revenues and expose us to litigation 
 Our software products and services are highly complex and sophisticated and, from time to time, may contain design defects, software errors, hardware failures or other computer system failures that are difficult to detect and correct. Errors, defects and/or other failures may be found in new software products or services or improvements to existing products or services after delivery to our customers, including as a result of the introduction of new and emerging technologies such as AI. If these defects, errors and/or other failures are discovered, we may not be able to successfully correct them in a timely manner. In addition, despite the extensive tests we conduct on all our software products or services, we may not be able to fully simulate the environment in which our products or services will operate and, as a result, we may be unable to adequately detect the design defects or software or hardware errors that may become apparent only after the products are installed in an end-user s network, and only after users have transitioned to our services. The occurrence of errors, defects and/or other failures in our software products or services could result in the delay or the denial of market acceptance of our products and alleviating such errors, defects and/or other failures may require us to make significant expenditure of our resources. Customers often use our services and solutions for critical business processes and, as a result, any defect or disruption in our solutions, any data breaches or misappropriation of proprietary information or any error in execution, including human error or intentional third-party activity such as denial of service attacks or hacking, may cause customers to reconsider renewing their contracts with us. The errors in or failure of our software products and services could also result in us losing customer transaction documents and other customer files, causing significant customer dissatisfaction and possibly giving rise to claims for monetary damages. The harm to our reputation resulting from product and service errors, defects and/or other failures may be material. Since we regularly provide a warranty with our software products, the financial impact of fulfilling warranty obligations may be significant in the future. Our agreements with our strategic partners and end-users typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to claims. These agreements regularly contain terms such as the exclusion of all implied warranties and the limitation of the availability of consequential or incidental damages. However, such provisions may not effectively protect us against claims and the attendant liabilities and costs associated with such claims. Any claims for actual or alleged losses to our customers businesses may require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or arbitration or to pay significant sums in settlements or damages. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of merit, can be costly and would divert management s attention and resources. Although we maintain errors and omissions insurance coverage and comprehensive liability insurance coverage, such coverage may not be adequate to cover all such claims. Accordingly, any such claim could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 Our software products rely on the stability of infrastructure software that, if not stable, could negatively impact the effectiveness of our products, resulting in harm to our reputation and business 
 Our development of Internet and intranet applications depends on the stability, functionality and scalability of the infrastructure software of the underlying intranet, such as the infrastructure software produced by Hewlett-Packard, Oracle, Microsoft and others. If weaknesses in such infrastructure software exist, we may not be able to correct or compensate for such weaknesses. If we are unable to address weaknesses resulting from problems in the infrastructure software such that our software products do not meet customer needs or expectations, our reputation, and consequently, our business, may be significantly harmed. 
 Risks associated with the evolving use of the Internet, including changing standards, competition and regulation and associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business 
 The use of the Internet as a vehicle for electronic data interchange (EDI) and related services continues to raise numerous issues, including those relating to reliability, data security, data integrity and rapidly evolving standards. New competitors, including media, software vendors and telecommunications companies, offer products and services that utilize the Internet in competition with our products and services, which may be less expensive or process transactions and data faster and more efficiently. Internet-based commerce is subject to increasing regulation by Canadian, U.S. federal and state and foreign governments, including in the areas of data privacy and breaches and taxation. Laws and regulations relating to the solicitation, 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 collection, processing or use of personal or consumer information could affect our customers ability to use and share data, potentially reducing demand for Internet-based solutions and restricting our ability to store, process, analyze and share data through the Internet. Although we believe that the Internet will continue to provide opportunities to expand the use of our products and services, we cannot guarantee that our efforts to capitalize on these opportunities will be successful or that increased usage of the Internet for business integration products and services, increased competition or heightened regulation will not adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Business disruptions, including those arising from disasters, pandemics or catastrophic events, may adversely affect our operations 
 Our business and operations are highly automated, and a disruption or failure of our systems may delay our ability to complete sales and to provide services. Business disruptions can be caused by several factors, including climate change, natural disasters, global health pandemics, terrorist attacks, power loss, telecommunications and system failures, computer viruses, physical attacks and cyber-attacks. A major disaster or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or information technology systems, including our cloud services, could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations. We operate data centers in various locations around the world and although we have redundancy capability built into our disaster recovery plan, we cannot ensure that our systems and data centers will remain fully operational during and immediately after a disaster or disruption. We also rely on third parties that provide critical services in our operations and despite our diligence around their disaster recovery processes, we cannot provide assurances as to whether these third-party service providers can maintain operations during a disaster or disruption. Global climate change may also aggravate natural disasters and increase severe weather events that affect our business operations, thereby compelling us to build additional resiliency in order to mitigate their impact. Further, in the event of any future global health pandemic, certain measures or restrictions may be imposed or recommended by governments, public institutions and other organizations, which could disrupt economic activity and result in reduced commercial and consumer confidence and spending, increased unemployment, closure or restricted operating conditions for businesses, inflation, volatility in the global economy, instability in the credit and financial markets, labour shortages and disruption in supply chains. Any business disruption could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 Unauthorized disclosures, cyber-attacks, breaches of data security and other information technology risks may adversely affect our operations 
 Most of the jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, security and protection of information. We have certain measures to protect our information systems against unauthorized access and disclosure of personal information and of our confidential information and confidential information belonging to our customers. We have policies and procedures in place dealing with data security and records retention. These measures and policies may change over time as laws and regulations regarding data privacy, security and protection of information change. However, there is no assurance that the security measures we have put in place will be effective in every case, and our response process to incidents may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not be fast enough to prevent or limit harm, or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. Failures and breaches in security could result in a negative impact for us and for our customers, adversely affecting our and our customers businesses, assets, revenues, brands and reputations, disrupting our operations and resulting in penalties, fines, litigation, regulatory proceedings, regulatory investigations, increase insurance premiums, remediation efforts, indemnification expenditures, reputational harm, negative publicity, lost revenues and/or other potential liabilities, in each case depending on the nature of the information disclosed. Security breaches could also affect our relations with our customers, damage our reputation and harm our ability to keep existing customers and to attract new customers. Some jurisdictions, including all U.S. states and the European Union (EU), have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data, and in some cases our agreements with certain customers require us to notify them in the event of a data security incident. Such mandatory disclosures could lead to negative publicity and may cause our current and prospective customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. These circumstances could also result in adverse impact on the market price of our Common Shares. These risks to our business may increase as we expand the number of web-based and cloud-based products, systems and solutions we offer and as we increase the number of countries in which we operate. 
 In particular, we are increasingly relying on virtual environments and communications systems, which have been in recent years and may be in the future subjected to third-party vulnerabilities and security risks of increasing frequency, scope and potential harm. Malicious hackers may attempt to gain access to our network or data centers; steal proprietary information related to our business, products, systems, solutions, employees and customers; interrupt our systems and services or those of our customers or others; or attempt to exploit any vulnerabilities in our products, systems or solutions, and such acts may go undetected. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated cybercrimes and cyberattacks, including computer viruses and other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial-of-service attacks, phishing, social engineering, hacking, and other types of attacks, pose a risk to the security and availability of our information technology 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 systems, networks, products, solutions and services, including those that are managed, hosted, provided, or used by third parties (and which may not provide the same level of information security as our own products, systems or solutions), as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and the data of our customers, partners, consumers, employees, stockholders, suppliers and others. Although we monitor our networks and continue to enhance our security protections, hackers are increasingly more sophisticated and aggressive and change tactics frequently, and our efforts may be inadequate to prevent or mitigate all incidents of data breach or theft. A series of issues may also be determined to be material at a later date in the aggregate, even if they may not be material individually at the time of their occurrence. Furthermore, it is possible that the risk of cyber-attacks and other data security breaches or thefts to us or our customers may increase due to global geo-political uncertainty, in particular such as the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict. 
 In addition, if data security is compromised, this could materially and adversely affect our operating results given that we have customers that use our systems to store and exchange large volumes of proprietary and confidential information and the security and reliability of our services are of significant importance to these customers. We have experienced attempts by third parties to identify and exploit product and services vulnerabilities, penetrate or bypass our security measures and gain unauthorized access to our or our customers or service providers cloud offerings and other products, systems or solutions. We may experience future security issues, whether due to human error or misconduct, system errors or vulnerabilities in our or our third-party service providers products, systems or solutions. If our products, systems or solutions, or the products, systems or solutions of third-party service providers on whom we rely or may rely in the future, are attacked or accessed by unauthorized parties, it could lead to major disruption or denial of service and access to or loss, modification or theft of our and our customers data, which may require us to spend material financial or other resources on correcting the breach and indemnifying the relevant parties and/or on litigation, regulatory investigations, regulatory proceedings, increased insurance premiums, lost revenues, penalties, reputational harm, negative publicity, fines and/or other potential liabilities. If third-party service providers fail to implement adequate data security practices or otherwise suffer a security breach, our or our customer s data may be improperly accessed, disclosed, used or otherwise lost, which could lead to reputational, business, operating and financial harms. Our efforts to protect against cyber-attacks and data breaches, including increased risks associated with work from home measures, may not be sufficient to prevent or mitigate such incidents, which could have material adverse effects on our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition . 
 Our success depends on our relationships with strategic partners, distributors and third-party service providers and any reduction in the sales efforts by distributors, cooperative efforts from our partners or service from third party providers could materially impact our revenues 
 We rely on close cooperation with strategic partners for sales and software product development as well as for the optimization of opportunities that arise in our competitive environment. A portion of our license revenues is derived from the licensing of our software products through third parties. Also, a portion of our service revenues may be impacted by the level of service provided by third party service providers relating to Internet, telecommunications and power services. Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to maintain access to and grow existing channels of distribution and to gain access to new channels if and when they develop. We may not be able to retain a sufficient number of our existing distributors or develop a sufficient number of future distributors. Distributors may also give higher priority to the licensing or sale of software products and services other than ours (which could include competitors products and services) or may not devote sufficient resources to marketing our software products and services. The performance of third party distributors and third party service providers is largely outside of our control, and we are unable to predict the extent to which these distributors and service providers will be successful in either marketing and licensing or selling our software products and services or providing adequate Internet, telecommunication and power services so that disruptions and outages are not experienced by our customers. A reduction in strategic partner cooperation or sales efforts, a decline in the number of distributors, a decision by our distributors to discontinue the licensing of our software products or a decline or disruption in third party services could cause users and the general public to perceive our software products and services as inferior and could materially reduce our revenues. In addition, our financial results could be materially adversely affected if the financial condition of our distributors or third-party service providers were to weaken. Some of our distributors and third-party service providers may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes in business conditions, including economic weakness, industry consolidation and market trends. 
 The loss of licenses to resell or use third-party software or the lack of support or enhancement of such software could adversely affect our business 
 We currently depend upon a limited number of third-party software products. If such software products were not available, we might experience delays or increased costs in the development of our own software products. For a limited number of our product modules, we rely on software products that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed software and which is used in our products to perform key functions. These third-party software licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms and the related software may not 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 continue to be appropriately supported, maintained or enhanced by the licensors. The loss by us of the license to use, or the inability by licensors to support, maintain or enhance any such software, could result in increased costs, lost revenues or delays until equivalent software is internally developed or licensed from another third party and integrated with our software. Such increased costs, lost revenues or delays could adversely affect our business. For example, with our acquisition of Zix, we extended our partnership with Microsoft by becoming one of their authorized Cloud Solutions Providers in North America. If our key partners were to terminate our relationship, make an adverse change in their reseller program, change their product offerings or experience a major cyber-attack or similar event, it could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business. 
 Current and future competitors could have a significant impact on our ability to generate future revenues and profits 
 The markets for our software products and services are intensely competitive and are subject to rapid technological change and other pressures created by changes in our industry. The convergence of many technologies has resulted in unforeseen competitors arising from companies that were traditionally not viewed as threats to our market position. We expect competition to increase and intensify in the future as the pace of technological change and adaptation quickens and as additional companies enter our markets, including those competitors who offer solutions similar to ours, but offer it through a different form of delivery. Numerous releases of competitive products have occurred in recent history and are expected to continue in the future. We may not be able to compete effectively with current competitors and potential entrants into our marketplace. We could lose market share if our current or prospective competitors: (i) develop technologies that are perceived to be substantially equivalent or superior to our technologies; (ii) introduce new competitive products or services; (iii) add new functionality to existing products and services, including through new and emerging AI applications; (iv) acquire competitive products and services; (v) reduce prices; or (vi) form strategic alliances or cooperative relationships with other companies. If other businesses were to engage in aggressive pricing policies with respect to competing products, or if the dynamics in our marketplace resulted in increasing bargaining power by the consumers of our software products and services, we would need to lower the prices we charge for the products and services we offer. This could result in lower revenues or reduced margins, either of which may materially adversely affect our business and operating results. Moreover, our competitors may affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with our existing or potential customers, distributors or third-party service providers. Additionally, if prospective consumers choose methods of information management delivery different from that which we offer, our business and operating results could also be materially adversely affected. 
 The length of our sales cycle can fluctuate significantly which could result in significant fluctuations in revenues being recognized from quarter to quarter 
 The decision by a customer to license our software products or purchase our services often involves a comprehensive implementation process across the customer s network or networks. As a result, the licensing and implementation of our software products and any related services may entail a significant commitment of resources by prospective customers, accompanied by the attendant risks and delays frequently associated with significant technology implementation projects. Given the significant investment and commitment of resources required by an organization to implement our software products, our sales cycle may be longer compared to other companies within our own industry, as well as companies in other industries. Also, because of changes in customer spending habits, it may be difficult for us to budget, forecast and allocate our resources properly. In weak economic environments, such as a recession or slowdown, it is not uncommon to see reduced information technology spending. It may take several months, or even several quarters, for marketing opportunities to materialize, especially following a prolonged period of weak economic environment. If a customer s decision to license our software or purchase our services is delayed or if the implementation of these software products takes longer than originally anticipated, the date on which we may recognize revenues from these licenses or sales would be delayed. Such delays and fluctuations could cause our revenues to be lower than expected in a particular period and we may not be able to adjust our costs quickly enough to offset such lower revenues, potentially negatively impacting our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our existing customers might cancel contracts with us, fail to renew contracts on their renewal dates and/or fail to purchase additional services and products, and we may be unable to attract new customers, which could adversely affect our operating results 
 We depend on our installed customer base for a significant portion of our revenues. We have significant contracts with our license customers for ongoing support and maintenance, as well as significant service contracts that provide recurring services revenues to us. In addition, our installed customer base has historically generated additional new license and services revenues for us. Service contracts are generally renewable at a customer s option and/or subject to cancellation rights, and there are generally no mandatory payment obligations or obligations to license additional software or subscribe for additional services. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 If our customers cancel or fail to renew their service contracts or fail to purchase additional services or products, then our revenues could decrease, and our operating results could be materially adversely affected. Factors influencing such contract terminations and failure to purchase additional services or products could include changes in the financial circumstances of our customers, including as a result of any potential recession, dissatisfaction with our products or services, our retirement or lack of support for our legacy products and services, our customers selecting or building alternate technologies to replace our products or services, the cost of our products and services as compared to the cost of products and services offered by our competitors, acceptance of future price increases by us, including due to inflationary pressures, our ability to attract, hire and maintain qualified personnel to meet customer needs, consolidating activities in the market, changes in our customers business or in regulation impacting our customers business that may no longer necessitate the use of our products or services, general economic or market conditions, or other reasons. Further, our customers could delay or terminate implementations or use of our services and products or be reluctant to migrate to new products. Such customers will not generate the revenues we may have expected within the anticipated timelines, or at all, and may be less likely to invest in additional services or products from us in the future. We may not be able to adjust our expense levels quickly enough to account for any such revenue losses. 
 Consolidation in the industry, particularly by large, well-capitalized companies, could place pressure on our operating margins which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business 
 Acquisitions by large, well-capitalized technology companies have changed the marketplace for our software products and services by replacing competitors that are comparable in size to our Company with companies that have more resources at their disposal to compete with us in the marketplace. In addition, other large corporations with considerable financial resources either have products and/or services that compete with our software products and services or have the ability to encroach on our competitive position within our marketplace. These companies have considerable financial resources, channel influence and broad geographic reach; thus, they can engage in competition with our software products and services on the basis of price, marketing, services or support. They also have the ability to introduce items that compete with our maturing software products and services. The threat posed by larger competitors and their ability to use their better economies of scale to sell competing products and/or services at a lower cost may materially reduce the profit margins we earn on the software products and services we provide to the marketplace. Any material reduction in our profit margin may have a material adverse effect on the operations or finances of our business, which could hinder our ability to raise capital in the public markets at opportune times for strategic acquisitions or for general operational purposes, which may then, in turn, prevent effective strategic growth or improved economies of scale or put us at a disadvantage to our better capitalized competitors. 
 We may be unable to maintain or expand our base of SMB and consumer customers, which could adversely affect our anticipated future growth and operating results 
 With the acquisitions of Carbonite and Zix, we have expanded our presence in the SMB market as well as the consumer market. Expanding in this market may require substantial resources and increased marketing efforts, different to what we are accustomed to historically. If we are unable to market and sell our solutions to the SMB market and consumers with competitive pricing and in a cost-effective manner, it may harm our ability to grow our revenues and adversely affect our anticipated future growth and operating results. In addition, SMBs frequently have limited budgets and are more likely to be significantly affected by economic downturns than larger, more established companies. As such, SMBs may choose to spend funds on items other than our solutions, particularly during difficult economic times, which may hurt our projected revenues, business financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our sales to government clients expose us to business volatility and risks, including government budgeting cycles and appropriations, early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties 
 We derive revenues from contracts with U.S. and Canadian federal, state, provincial and local governments and other foreign governments and their respective agencies, which may terminate most of these contracts at any time, without cause. There is increased pressure on governments and their agencies, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending. Further, our U.S. federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these contracts. Similarly, our contracts with U.S. state and local governments, Canadian federal, provincial and local governments and other foreign governments and their agencies are generally subject to government funding authorizations. Additionally, government contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations that could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Geopolitical instability, political unrest, war and other global conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, has affected and may continue to affect our business 
 Geopolitical instability, political unrest, war and other global conflicts may result in adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including volatility in financial markets, adverse changes in trade policies, inflation, higher interest rates, direct and indirect supply chain disruptions, increased cybersecurity threats and fluctuations in foreign currency. These events may also impact our decision or limit our ability to conduct business in certain areas or with certain entities. For example, in response to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, we ceased all direct business in Russia and Belarus and with known Russian-owned companies. Sanctions and export controls have also been imposed by the United States, Canada and other countries in connection with Russia s military actions in Ukraine, including restrictions on selling or exporting goods, services or technology to certain regions, and travel bans and asset freezes impacting political, military, business and financial organizations and individuals in or connected with Russia. To support certain of our cloud customers headquartered in the United States or allied countries that rely on our network to manage their global business (including their business in Russia), we have nonetheless allowed these customers to continue to use our services to the extent that it can be done in strict compliance with all applicable sanctions and export controls. However, as the situation continues and the regulatory environment further evolves, we may adjust our business practices as required by applicable rules and regulations. Our compliance with sanctions and export controls could impact the fulfillment of certain contracts with customers and partners doing business in these affected areas and future revenue streams from impacted parties and certain countries. While our decision to cease all direct business in Russia and Belarus and with known Russian-owned companies has not had and is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our overall business, results of operations or financial condition, it is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this conflict or other conflicts, which could include sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, changes to regional trade ecosystems, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on the global economy, on our business and operations as well as those of our customers, partners and third party service providers. 
 The restructuring of certain of our operations may be ineffective, may adversely affect our business and our finances, and we may incur additional restructuring charges in connection with such actions 
 We often undertake initiatives to restructure or streamline our operations, particularly during the period post-acquisition, such as the Micro Focus Acquisition Restructuring Plan (as defined below). We may incur costs associated with implementing a restructuring initiative beyond the amount contemplated when we first developed the initiative, and these increased costs may be substantial. Additionally, such costs would adversely impact our results of operations for the periods in which those adjustments are made. We will continue to evaluate our operations and may propose future restructuring actions as a result of changes in the marketplace, including the exit from less profitable operations, the decision to terminate products or services that are not valued by our customers or adjusting our workforce. Any failure to successfully execute these initiatives on a timely basis may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 For example, during the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, we made a strategic decision to implement restructuring activities to streamline our operations and further reduce our real estate footprint around the world (Fiscal 2022 Restructuring Plan). Such steps to reduce costs, and further changes we may make in the future, may negatively impact our business, operations and financial performance in a manner that is difficult to predict. 
 For more information on our Micro Focus Acquisition Restructuring Plan and our Fiscal 2022 Restructuring Plan, see Note 18 Special Charges (Recoveries) to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We have a Flex-Office program, which subjects us to certain operational challenges and risks 
 In July 2022, we implemented a Flex-Office program in which a majority of our employees work a portion of their time in the office and a portion remotely. As a result, we continue to be subject to the challenges and risks of having a remote work environment, as well as new operational challenges and risks from having a flexible workforce. 
 For example, employing a remote work environment could affect employee productivity, including due to a lower level of employee oversight, health conditions or illnesses, disruptions due to caregiving or childcare obligations or slower or unreliable Internet access. OpenText systems, client, vendor and/or borrower data may be subject to additional risks presented by increased cyber-attacks and phishing activities targeting employees, vendors, third party service providers and counterparties in transactions, the possibility of attacks on OpenText systems or systems of employees working remotely as well as by decreased physical supervision. In addition, we may rely, in part, on third-party service providers to assist us in managing monitoring and otherwise carrying out aspects of our business and operations. Such events may result in a period of business disruption or reduced operations, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While our controls were not specifically designed to operate in a home environment, we believe that established internal controls over financial reporting continue to address all identified risk areas. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The transition to a flexible workforce may also subject us to other operational challenges and risks. For example, our shift to a Flex-Office program may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain personnel who prefer a fully remote or fully in-person work environment. Operating our business with both remote and in-person workers, or workers who work on flexible schedules, could have a negative impact on our corporate culture, decrease the ability of our employees to collaborate and communicate effectively, decrease innovation and productivity, or negatively affect employee morale. In addition, we have incurred costs related to our return to office planning and the transition to a flexible workforce, including due to reducing our real estate footprint around the world. If we are unable to effectively continue the transition to a flexible workforce, manage the cybersecurity and other risks of remote work, and maintain our corporate culture and employee morale, our financial condition and operating results may be adversely impacted. 
 For more information regarding the impact of business disruptions on our cybersecurity, see Business disruptions, including those arising from disasters, pandemics or catastrophic events, may adversely affect our operations. 
 We must continue to manage our internal resources during periods of company growth, or our operating results could be adversely affected 
 The information management market in which we compete continues to evolve at a rapid pace. We have grown significantly through acquisitions, including through the Micro Focus Acquisition, and, in conjunction with our plan to de-lever, may continue to review acquisition opportunities as a means of increasing the size and scope of our business. Our growth, coupled with the rapid evolution of our markets, has placed, and will continue to place, significant strains on our administrative and operational resources and increased demands on our internal systems, procedures and controls. Our administrative infrastructure, systems, procedures and controls may not adequately support our operations. In addition, our management may not be able to achieve the rapid, effective execution of the product and business initiatives necessary to successfully implement our operational and competitive strategy. If we are unable to manage growth effectively, our operating results will likely suffer, which may, in turn, adversely affect our business. 
 If we lose the services of our executive officers or other key employees or if we are not able to attract or retain top employees, our business could be significantly harmed 
 Our performance is substantially dependent on the performance of our executive officers and key employees and there is a risk that we could lose their services. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any of our employees. Our success is also highly dependent on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train, retain and motivate highly qualified management, technical, sales and marketing personnel. In particular, the recruitment and retention of top research developers and experienced salespeople, particularly those with specialized knowledge, remains critical to our success, including providing consistent and uninterrupted service to our customers. Competition for such people is intense, substantial and continuous, and we may not be able to attract, integrate or retain highly qualified technical, sales or managerial personnel in the future. In our effort to attract and retain critical personnel, and in responding to inflationary wage pressure, we may experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher prices for our software products or services. In addition, the loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees could significantly harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our compensation structure may hinder our efforts to attract and retain vital employees 
 A portion of our total compensation program for our executive officers and key personnel includes the award of options to buy our Common Shares. If the market price of our Common Shares performs poorly, such performance may adversely affect our ability to retain or attract critical personnel. In addition, any changes made to our stock option policies, or to any other of our compensation practices, which are made necessary by governmental regulations or competitive pressures, could adversely affect our ability to retain and motivate existing personnel and recruit new personnel. For example, any limit to total compensation that may be prescribed by the government or applicable regulatory authorities or any significant increases in personal income tax levels levied in countries where we have a significant operational presence may hurt our ability to attract or retain our executive officers or other employees whose efforts are vital to our success. Additionally, payments under our long-term incentive plans (the details of which are described in Item 11 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) are dependent to a significant extent upon the future performance of our Company both in absolute terms and in comparison to similarly situated companies. Any failure to achieve the targets set under our long-term incentive plan could significantly reduce or eliminate payments made under this plan, which may, in turn, materially and adversely affect our ability to retain the key personnel paid under this plan. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Increased attention from shareholders, customers and other key relationships regarding our CSR and ESG practices could impact our business activities, financial performance and reputation 
 Shareholders, customers and other key relationships are placing a greater emphasis on CSR and ESG factors when evaluating companies for business and investment opportunities. We actively manage a broad range of CSR and ESG matters and annually publish a Corporate Citizenship Report regarding our policies and practices on a variety of CSR and ESG matters, including our: governance framework; community involvement; ED I initiatives; employee health and safety; targets regarding greenhouse gas emissions, waste diversion and energy consumption; and practices relating to data privacy and information security. Our approach to and disclosure of CSR and ESG matters may result in increased attention from our shareholders, customers, employees, partners and suppliers, and such key relationships may not be satisfied with our approach to CSR and ESG as compared to their expectations and standards, which continue to evolve. Additionally, third-party organizations evaluate our approach to CSR and ESG, and an unfavorable rating on CSR or ESG from such organizations could lead to negative investor sentiment and reduced demand for our securities and damage to our reputation, as well as damage to our relationships with shareholders, customers, employees, partners and suppliers, which could have adverse effects on our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition. See Changes in the market price of our Common Shares and credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities could lead to losses for shareholders and debt holders. 
 The Company has disclosed the OpenText Zero-In Initiative, where we have committed to: (1) science-based GHG emissions target of 50 reduction by 2030, and net zero GHG emissions by 2040; (2) zero waste from operations by 2030; and (3) by 2030, a majority ethnically diverse staff, with 50/50 representation in key roles and 40 women in leadership positions at all management levels. Achieving our targets and ongoing compliance with evolving laws and regulatory requirements may cause us to reconfigure facilities and operations or adjust our existing processes. This could result in significant unexpected expenses, changes in our relationships with certain strategic partners, distributors and third-party service providers, loss of revenue and business disruption. We may not meet our goals in the manner or on such a timeline as initially contemplated, or at all, which would have adverse effects on our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Further, we may incur additional costs and require additional resources to be able to collect reliable emissions and waste data (in part, due to unavailable third-party data or inconsistent industry standards on the measurement of certain data), measure our performance against our targets and adjust our disclosure in line with market expectations. We may also incur additional compliance costs under evolving ESG-related regulations across the world, including in the EU, the U.S. and Canada. If we fail to meet our ESG targets or other ESG criteria set by third parties on a timely basis, or at all, or fail to respond to any perceived ESG concerns, or regulators disagree with our procedures or standards, our business activities, financial performance and reputation may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Acquisitions 
 Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and other business initiatives may negatively affect our operating results 
 The growth of our Company through the successful acquisition and integration of complementary businesses is a critical component of our corporate strategy. As a result of the continually evolving marketplace in which we operate, we regularly evaluate acquisition opportunities and at any time may be in various stages of discussions with respect to such opportunities. We plan to continue to pursue acquisitions that complement our existing business, represent a strong strategic fit and are consistent with our overall growth strategy and disciplined financial management. We may also target future acquisitions to expand or add functionality and capabilities to our existing portfolio of solutions, as well as to add new solutions to our portfolio. We may also consider, from time to time, opportunities to engage in joint ventures or other business collaborations with third parties to address particular market segments. These activities create risks such as: (i) the need to integrate and manage the businesses and products acquired with our own business and products; (ii) additional demands on our resources, systems, procedures and controls; (iii) disruption of our ongoing business; and (iv) diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. Moreover, these transactions could involve: (i) substantial investment of funds or financings by issuance of debt or equity or equity-related securities; (ii) substantial investment with respect to technology transfers and operational integration; and (iii) the acquisition or disposition of product lines or businesses. Also, such activities could result in charges and expenses and have the potential to either dilute the interests of existing shareholders or result in the issuance or assumption of debt, which could have a negative impact on the credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities or the market price of our Common Shares. Such acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or other business collaborations may involve significant commitments of financial and other resources of our Company. Any such activity may not be successful in generating revenues, income or other returns to us, and the resources committed to such activities will not be available to us for other purposes. In addition, while we conduct due diligence prior to consummating an acquisition, joint venture or business collaboration, such diligence may not identify all material issues associated with such activities and we may be exposed to additional risk due to such acquisition, joint venture or business collaboration. We may also experience unanticipated difficulties identifying suitable or attractive acquisition candidates that are available for purchase at reasonable prices. Even if we are able to identify such candidates, we may be unable to consummate an acquisition on suitable terms or in the face of 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 competition from other bidders. Moreover, if we are unable to access capital markets on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to consummate acquisitions, or may have to do so on the basis of a less than optimal capital structure. Our inability (i) to take advantage of growth opportunities for our business or for our products and services, or (ii) to address risks associated with acquisitions or investments in businesses, may negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets acquired in an acquisition or in an investment, or charges associated with any acquisition or investment activity, may materially adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition which, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our Common Shares or credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities. 
 We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, including the Micro Focus Acquisition, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected 
 We may be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of our acquisitions, including the acquisition of Micro Focus. As we integrate our acquisitions, we may experience disruptions to our business and, if implemented ineffectively, it could restrict the realization of the full expected benefits. The failure to meet the challenges involved in the integration process and to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, our operations and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The anticipated benefits we expect from having consummated the Micro Focus Acquisition are, necessarily, based on projections and assumptions about our combined business with Micro Focus, which may not materialize as expected or which may prove to be inaccurate. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from the Micro Focus Acquisition on a timely basis or at all, including realizing the anticipated synergies from the Micro Focus Acquisition in the anticipated amounts or at all and within the anticipated timeframes or cost expectations, including implementing the Micro Focus Acquisition Restructuring Plan. Achieving the benefits of the Micro Focus Acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate the business and operations of Micro Focus successfully and efficiently with our business. See We may be unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses or do so within the intended timeframes, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects. 
 Many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, including restructuring charges, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management s time and energy, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses or do so within the intended timeframes, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects 
 Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of acquired businesses, including the Micro Focus Acquisition, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully and efficiently integrate acquired businesses and operations with our own. The integration of acquired businesses with our existing business will be complex, costly and time-consuming, and may result in additional demands on our resources, systems, procedures and controls, disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. Although we cannot be certain of the degree and scope of operational and integration problems that may arise, the difficulties and risks associated with the integration of acquired businesses, which may be complex and time-consuming, may include, among others: 
 the increased scope and complexity of our operations; 
 coordinating geographically separate organizations, operations, relationships and facilities, including coordinating and integrating (i) independent research and development and engineering teams across technologies and product platforms to enhance product development while reducing costs and (ii) sales and marketing efforts to effectively position the combined company s capabilities and the direction of product development; 
 integrating (i) personnel with diverse business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies, and (ii) the standards, policies and compensation structures, as well as the complex systems, technology, networks and other assets, of the businesses; 
 successfully managing relationships with our strategic partners and combined supplier and customer base; 
 implementing expected cost synergies of the acquisitions, including expected cost synergies of 400 million relating to the Micro Focus Acquisition; 
 retention of key employees; 
 the diversion of management attention from other important business objectives; 
 the possibility that we may have failed to discover obligations of acquired businesses or risks associated with those businesses during our due diligence investigations as part of the acquisition, which we, as a successor owner, may be responsible for or subject to; and 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 provisions in contracts with third parties that may limit flexibility to take certain actions. 
 As a result of these difficulties and risks, we may not accomplish the integration of acquired businesses smoothly, successfully or within our budgetary expectations and anticipated timetables, which may result in a failure to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions. 
 As a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition, the scope and size of our operations and business has substantially changed and will result in certain incremental risks to us. We cannot provide assurance that our expansion in scope and size will be successful 
 The Micro Focus Acquisition has substantially expanded the scope and size of our business by adding substantial assets and operations to our previously existing business. The anticipated future growth of our business will impose significant added responsibilities on management, including the need to identify, recruit, train and integrate additional employees. Our senior management s attention may be diverted from the management of daily operations and other important business objectives to the integration of the assets acquired in the Micro Focus Acquisition. Our ability to manage our business and growth will require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. We may also encounter risks, costs and expenses associated with any undisclosed or other unanticipated liabilities and use more cash and other financial resources on integration and implementation activities than we expect. We may not be able to integrate the Micro Focus business into our existing operations on our anticipated timelines or realize the full expected economic benefits of the Micro Focus Acquisition, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, as permitted by applicable rules and laws, we have excluded Micro Focus from the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 We may also encounter risk, costs and expenses associated with preparing periodic reporting and consolidated financial statements now that the Micro Focus Acquisition has closed. The expansion of effective internal controls over financial reporting and adequate disclosure controls and procedures over the Micro Focus business will be necessary to provide reliable financial reports and reporting. Micro Focus identified a material weakness in its internal controls over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, which was subsequently remediated. In the course of applying our internal controls framework to the Micro Focus business we may identify other material weaknesses, significant deficiencies or other deficiencies, which could result in our determining we have a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting, and lead to an adverse reaction in the financial markets and a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. Also, Micro Focus historical financial statements were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and have not been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). Prior to the Micro Focus Acquisition, Micro Focus provided financial statements semi-annually, with a fiscal year end of October 31. Given such differences, it may be difficult for us to integrate systems in a timely fashion to continue to produce financial statements now that the Micro Focus Acquisition has closed. 
 We incurred significant transaction costs in connection with the Micro Focus Acquisition, and could incur unanticipated costs during the integration of Micro Focus that could adversely affect our results of operations 
 We incurred significant transaction costs in connection with the Micro Focus Acquisition, including payment of certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Micro Focus Acquisition and related transactions to obtain financing for the Micro Focus Acquisition, including entering into certain derivative transactions as further described herein. We have mark-to-market valuation adjustments for certain derivative transactions, based on foreign currency fluctuations. For more information on our mark-to-market derivatives, see Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities and Note 23 Other Income (Expense), Net to our Consolidated Financial Statements and in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration process. These could adversely affect our results of operations in the period in which such expenses are recorded or our cash flow in the period in which any related costs are actually paid. 
 Furthermore, we have incurred and may continue to incur severance expenses and restructuring charges in connection with the Micro Focus Acquisition Restructuring Plan, which may, now that the Micro Focus Acquisition has closed, adversely affect our operating results in the period in which such expenses are recorded or our cash flow in the period in which any related costs are actually paid. 
 For more information on our transaction costs, see Note 18 Special Charges (Recoveries) to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Loss of key personnel could impair the integration of acquired businesses, lead to loss of customers and a decline in revenues, or otherwise could have an adverse effect on our operations 
 Our success as a combined business with any prior or future acquired businesses will depend, in part, upon our ability to retain key employees, especially during the integration phase of the businesses. It is possible that the integration process could result in current and prospective employees of ours and the acquired business to experience uncertainty about their future roles with us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to retain or recruit key managers and other employees. If, despite our retention and recruiting efforts, key employees depart, the loss of their services and their experience and knowledge regarding our business or an acquired business could have an adverse effect on our future operating results and the successful ongoing operation of our businesses. 
 Businesses we acquire may have disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, cybersecurity and compliance with data privacy laws that are weaker than or otherwise not in conformity with ours 
 We have a history of acquiring complementary businesses of varying size and organizational complexity and we may continue to engage in such acquisitions. Upon consummating an acquisition, we seek to implement our disclosure controls and procedures, our internal controls over financial reporting as well as procedures relating to cybersecurity and compliance with data privacy laws and regulations at the acquired company as promptly as possible. Depending upon the nature and scale of the business acquired, the implementation of our disclosure controls and procedures as well as the implementation of our internal controls over financial reporting at an acquired company may be a lengthy process and may divert our attention from other business operations. Our integration efforts may periodically expose deficiencies in the disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting as well as procedures relating to cybersecurity and compliance with data privacy laws and regulations of an acquired company that were not identified in our due diligence undertaken prior to consummating the acquisition; contractual protections intended to protect against any such deficiencies may not fully eliminate all related risks. If such deficiencies exist, we may not be in a position to comply with our periodic reporting requirements and, as a result, our business and financial condition may be materially harmed. Refer to Item 9A Controls and Procedures , included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for details on our internal controls over financial reporting for recent acquisitions. 
 Pro forma financial information may not be indicative of our financial condition or results following the Micro Focus Acquisition 
 The selected pro forma financial information with respect to the Micro Focus Acquisition contained in our public disclosure record is presented for illustrative purposes only as of its respective dates and may not be indicative of our current financial condition or results of operations. The selected unaudited pro forma financial information was derived from the respective historical financial statements of the Company and Micro Focus, and certain adjustments and assumptions were made as of such dates to give effect to the Micro Focus Acquisition. The information upon which these adjustments and assumptions were made was preliminary and these kinds of adjustments and assumptions are difficult to make with complete accuracy. Accordingly, the combined business, assets, results of operations and financial condition may differ significantly from those indicated in the unaudited pro forma financial information, and such variations may negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our Common Shares. 
 Risks Related to Laws and Regulatory Compliance 
 Our provision for income taxes and effective income tax rate may vary significantly and may adversely affect our results of operations and cash resources 
 Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. Various internal and external factors may have favorable or unfavorable effects on our future provision for income taxes, income taxes receivable and our effective income tax rate. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in tax laws, regulations and/or rates, results of audits by tax authorities, changing interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations, changes in estimates of prior years items, the impact of transactions we complete, future levels of research and development spending, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, transfer pricing adjustments, changes in the overall mix of income among the different jurisdictions in which we operate and changes in overall levels of income before taxes. For instance, the provision for income taxes from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which requires capitalization and amortization of research and development costs starting Fiscal 2023, have materially increased cash taxes. Furthermore, new accounting pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting pronouncements, and/or any internal restructuring initiatives we may implement from time to time to streamline our operations, can have a material impact on our effective income tax rate. 
 Tax examinations are often complex as tax authorities may disagree with the treatment of items reported by us and our transfer pricing methodology based upon our limited risk distributor model, the result of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 outcome with respect to the taxes we owe may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements, and this difference may materially affect our financial position and financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 
 The United Kingdom (UK) tax authorities have challenged certain historic tax filing positions of Micro Focus. Based on Micro Focus assessment of the value of the underlying tax benefit under dispute, and as supported by external professional advice, it believed that it had no liability in respect of these matters and therefore no tax charge was recorded in current or previous periods. Although the Company, after closing of the Micro Focus Acquisition, believes that assessment is reasonable, no assurance can be made regarding the ultimate outcome of these matters. 
 The Company is also subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions and significant judgment has been applied in determining its worldwide provision for income taxes, including historical Micro Focus matters related to the EU State Aid and UK tax authority challenge in respect of prior periods. The provision for income taxes may be impacted by various internal and external factors that could have favorable or unfavorable effects, including changes in tax laws, regulations and/or rates, results of audits, changing interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations, changes in estimates of prior years items, the impact of transactions completed, the structuring of activities undertaken, the application of complex transfer pricing rules, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in overall mix and levels of income before taxes. Further, due to Micro Focus complex acquisitive history, we could become subject to additional tax audits in jurisdictions in which we have not historically been subject to examination. As a result, our worldwide provision for income taxes and any ultimate tax liability may differ from the amounts initially recorded and such differences could have an adverse effect on the combined company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 For further details on certain tax matters relating to the Company see Note 14 Guarantees and Contingencies and Note 15 Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As part of the ongoing audit of our Canadian tax returns by the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA), we have received notices of, and are appealing, reassessments for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016, and the CRA has audited Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 and is auditing Fiscal 2019. An adverse outcome of these ongoing audits could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations 
 As part of its ongoing audit of our Canadian tax returns, the CRA has disputed our transfer pricing methodology used for certain intercompany transactions with our international subsidiaries and has issued notices of reassessment for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016. Assuming the utilization of available tax attributes (further described below), we estimate our potential aggregate liability, as of June 30, 2023, in connection with the CRA s reassessments for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016, to be limited to penalties, interest and provincial taxes that may be due of approximately 76 million. As of June 30, 2023, we have provisionally paid approximately 33 million in order to fully preserve our rights to object to the CRA s audit positions, being the minimum payment required under Canadian legislation while the matter is in dispute. This amount is recorded within Long-term income taxes recoverable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023. 
 The notices of reassessment for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016 would, as drafted, increase our taxable income by approximately 90 million to 100 million for each of those years, as well as impose a 10 penalty on the proposed adjustment to income. Audits by the CRA of our tax returns for fiscal years prior to Fiscal 2012 have been completed with no reassessment of our income tax liability. 
 We strongly disagree with the CRA s positions and believe the reassessments of Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016 (including any penalties) are without merit, and we are continuing to contest these reassessments. On June 30, 2022, we filed a notice of appeal with the Tax Court of Canada seeking to reverse all such reassessments (including penalties) in full and the customary court process is ongoing. 
 Even if we are unsuccessful in challenging the CRA s reassessments to increase our taxable income for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016, we have elective deductions available for those years (including carry-backs from later years) that would offset such increased amounts so that no additional cash tax would be payable, exclusive of any assessed penalties and interest, as described above. 
 The CRA has audited Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 on a basis that we strongly disagree with and are contesting. The focus of the CRA audit has been the valuation of certain intellectual property and goodwill when one of our subsidiaries continued into Canada from Luxembourg in July 2016. In accordance with applicable rules, these assets were recognized for tax purposes at fair market value as of that time, which value was supported by an expert valuation prepared by an independent leading accounting and advisory firm. CRA s position for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 relies in significant part on the application of its positions regarding our transfer pricing methodology that are the basis for its reassessment of our fiscal years 2012 to 2016 described above, and that we believe are without merit. Other aspects of CRA s position for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 conflict with the expert valuation prepared by the independent leading accounting and advisory firm that was used to support our original filing position. The CRA issued notices of reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 on a basis 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 consistent with its proposal to reduce the available depreciable basis of these assets in Canada. On April 19, 2022, we filed our notice of objection regarding the reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2017 and on March 15, 2023, we filed our notice of objection regarding the reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2018. If we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position, the estimated impact of the proposed adjustment could result in us recording an income tax expense, with no immediate cash payment, to reduce the stated value of our deferred tax assets of up to approximately 470 million. Any such income tax expense could also have a corresponding cash tax impact that would primarily occur over a period of several future years based upon annual income realization in Canada. We strongly disagree with the CRA s position for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 and intend to vigorously defend our original filing position. We are not required to provisionally pay any cash amounts to the CRA as a result of the reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 due to the utilization of available tax attributes; however, to the extent the CRA reassesses subsequent fiscal years on a similar basis, we expect to make certain minimum payments required under Canadian legislation, which may need to be provisionally made starting in Fiscal 2024 while the matter is in dispute. 
 We will continue to vigorously contest the adjustments to our taxable income and any penalty and interest assessments, as well as any reduction to the basis of our depreciable property. We are confident that our original tax filing positions were appropriate. Accordingly, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not recorded any accruals in respect of these reassessments or proposed reassessment in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The CRA is auditing Fiscal 2019, and may reassess Fiscal 2019 on a similar basis as Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018. The CRA is also in preliminary stages of auditing Fiscal 2020. 
 For further details on these and other tax audits to which we are subject, see Note 14 Guarantees and Contingencies and Note 15 Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks associated with data privacy issues, including evolving laws and regulations and associated compliance efforts, may adversely impact our business 
 Our business depends on the processing of personal data, including data transfer between our affiliated entities, to and from our business partners and customers, and with third-party service providers. The laws and regulations relating to personal data are constantly evolving, as federal, state and foreign governments continue to adopt new measures addressing data privacy and processing (including collection, storage, transfer, disposal and use) of personal data. Moreover, the interpretation and application of many existing or recently enacted privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the EU, UK, the U.S. and elsewhere are uncertain and fluid, and it is possible that such laws and regulations may be interpreted or applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our products and services. Any such new laws or regulations, any changes to existing laws and regulations and any such interpretation or application may affect demand for our products and services, impact our ability to effectively transfer data across borders in support of our business operations or increase the cost of providing our products and services. Additionally, any actual or perceived breach of such laws or regulations may subject us to claims and may lead to administrative, civil or criminal liability, as well as reputational harm to our Company and our employees. We could also be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices, or modify our products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 In the U.S., various laws and regulations apply to the collection, processing, transfer, disposal, unauthorized disclosure and security of personal data. For example, data protection laws passed by all states within the U.S. require notification to users when there is a security breach for personal data. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, transfer and security of data. The U.S. Congress and state legislatures, along with federal regulatory authorities, have recently increased their attention to matters concerning personal data, and this has and may continue to result in new legislation which could increase the cost of compliance. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 came into effect on January 1, 2020 and was subsequently amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, which took effect January 1, 2023 (the foregoing, collectively, the CCPA). The CCPA requires companies that process information of California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, allows consumers to access and request deletion of their data and opt out of certain data sharing with third parties and provides a new private right of action for data breaches. Violations of the CCPA are enforced by the California Attorney General with sizeable civil penalties, particularly for violations that impact large numbers of consumers. The CCPA also establishes a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing the requirements of the CCPA. Comprehensive privacy laws in Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia also came into effect in 2023. Indiana, Iowa, Montana, Tennessee, Texas and Utah have similarly enacted broad laws relating to privacy, data protection and information security that will come into effect in the next few years, and Delaware and Oregon have passed comprehensive privacy laws that are awaiting enactment, further complicating our privacy compliance obligations through the introduction of increasingly disparate requirements across the various U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocacy and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally or contractually apply to us or our clients. 
 Some of our operations are subject to the EU s General Data Protection Regulation (the EU GDPR), which took effect from May 25, 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation as it forms part of retained EU law in the UK by virtue of the 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/419) (the UK GDPR, and together with the EU GDPR, the GDPR), and the UK Data Protection Act 2018. The GDPR imposes a number of obligations for subject companies, and we will need to continue dedicating financial resources and management time to GDPR compliance. The GDPR enhances the obligations placed on companies that control or process personal data including, for example, expanded disclosures about how personal data is to be used, mechanisms for obtaining consent from data subjects, controls for data subjects with respect to their personal data (including by enabling them to exercise rights to erasure and data portability), limitations on retention of personal data and mandatory data breach notifications. Additionally, the GDPR places companies under obligations relating to data transfers and the security of the personal data they process. The GDPR provides that supervisory authorities in the EU and the UK may impose administrative fines for certain infringements of the GDPR of up to EUR 20,000,000 under the EU GDPR (or GBP 17,500,000 under the UK GDPR), or 4 of an undertaking s total, worldwide, annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. Individuals who have suffered damage as a result of a subject company s non-compliance with the GDPR also have the right to seek compensation from such company. Given the breadth of the GDPR, compliance with its requirements is likely to continue to require significant expenditure of resources on an ongoing basis, and there can be no assurance that the measures we have taken for the purposes of compliance will be successful in preventing violation of the GDPR. Given the potential fines, liabilities and damage to our reputation in the event of an actual or perceived violation of the GDPR, such a violation may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 In addition, the GDPR restricts transfers of personal data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) and the UK to third countries deemed to lack adequate privacy protections unless an appropriate safeguard is implemented. In light of the July 2020 decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union in Data Protection Commissioner vs Facebook Ireland Limited and Maximillian Schrems (C-311/118) (Schrems II) invalidating the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Irish Data Protection Authority s May 2023 decision to impose a fine of 1.2 billion on Meta Platforms, Inc. (Meta) regarding Meta s transfers of personal data to the U.S., there is potential uncertainty with respect to the legality of certain transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) and the UK to so-called third countries outside the EEA, including the U.S. and Canada. In addition to the increased legal risk in the event of any such transfers, additional costs might also need to be incurred in order to implement necessary safeguards to comply with GDPR. While the Court of Justice of the EU upheld the adequacy of the old standard contractual clauses (SCCs), a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism, it made clear that reliance on them alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances. In June 2021, the European Commission issued new SCCs that must be used for relevant new data transfers, and existing SCCs must be migrated to the new SCCs by December 27, 2022. At the same time, the UK s Information Commissioner s Office released two new agreements governing international data transfers out of the UK that can be used from March 21, 2022: the International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA) and the Data Transfer Addendum (Addendum). All existing contracts and any new contracts signed before September 21, 2022 can continue to use the old SCCs until March 21, 2024, after which the old SCCs must be replaced by either the IDTA or the Addendum in conjunction with the new SCCs. All contracts signed after September 21, 2022 must use either the IDTA or the Addendum in conjunction with the new SCCs. Additionally, on March 25, 2022, the U.S. and European Commission announced that they had agreed in principle to a new Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework (the TDPF to enable trans-Atlantic data flows and address the concerns raised in the Schrems II decision. To implement the commitments of the U.S. under the TDPF, in October 2022, President Biden signed an Executive Order on Enhancing Safeguards for the United States Signals Intelligence Activities (the Executive Order). This subsequently prompted the European Commission to formally launch the process to adopt an adequacy decision based on the Executive Order in December 2022, and the adequacy decision was adopted on July 10, 2023. However, the TDPF is likely to be subject to legal challenges and may be struck down by the EU courts. 
 Outside of the U.S., the EU and the UK, many jurisdictions have adopted or are adopting new data privacy laws that may impose further onerous compliance requirements, such as data localization, which prohibits companies from storing and/or processing outside the jurisdiction data relating to resident individuals. The proliferation of such laws within the jurisdictions in which we operate may result in conflicting and contradictory requirements, particularly in relation to evolving technologies such as cloud computing and AI. Any failure to successfully navigate the changing regulatory landscape could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation in the marketplace, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Privacy-related claims or lawsuits initiated by governmental bodies, customers or other third parties, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly regulatory proceedings, litigation, penalties, fines, or other potential liabilities, or require us to change our business practices, sometimes in expensive ways. Unfavorable publicity regarding our privacy practices could damage our reputation, harm our ability to keep existing customers or attract new customers or otherwise adversely affect our business, assets, revenue and brands. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Certain of our products may be perceived as, or determined by the courts to be, a violation of privacy rights and related laws. Any such perception or determination could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations 
 Because of the nature of certain of our products, including those relating to digital investigations, potential customers and purchasers of our products or the general public may perceive that the use of these products results in violations of individual privacy rights. In addition, certain courts or regulatory authorities could determine that the use of our software solutions or other products is a violation of privacy laws, particularly in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Any such determination or perception by potential customers and purchasers, the general public, government entities or the judicial system could harm our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. 
 AI and other machine learning technology is being integrated into some of our products, systems or solutions, which could present risks and challenges to our business 
 AI and other machine learning technology is being integrated into some of our products, systems or solutions and could be a significant factor in future offerings. While AI can present significant benefits, it can also present risks and challenges to our business. Data sourcing, technology, integration and process issues, program bias into decision-making algorithms, security challenges and the protection of personal privacy could impair the adoption and acceptance of AI. If the output from AI in our products, systems or solutions are deemed to be inaccurate or questionable, or if the use of AI does not operate as anticipated or perform as promised, our business and reputation may be harmed. As the adoption of AI quickens, we expect competition to intensify and additional companies may enter our markets offering similar products, systems or solutions.We may not be able to compete effectively with our competitors and our strategy to integrate AI and other machine learning technology into our products, systems or solutions may also not be accepted by our customers or by other businesses in the marketplace.The integration of AI may also expose us to risks regarding intellectual property ownership and license rights, particularly if any copyrighted material is embedded in training models. The use of copyrighted materials in AI and other machine learning technology has not been fully interpreted by federal, state, or international courts and the regulatory framework for AI continues to evolve and remains uncertain. It is possible that new laws and regulations will be adopted in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in new ways, that would affect the way in which AI and other machine learning technology is used in our products, systems or solutions. Further, the cost to comply with such laws or regulations, including court decisions, could be significant. The risks and challenges associated with integrating AI and other machine learning technology into our products, systems and solutions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Financial Condition 
 We may not generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our unfunded pension obligations 
 Through our acquisitions, we have assumed certain unfunded pension plan liabilities. We will be required to use the operating cash flow that we generate in the future to meet these obligations. As a result, our future net pension liability and cost may be materially affected by the discount rate used to measure these pension obligations and by the longevity and actuarial profile of the relevant workforce. A change in the discount rate may result in a significant increase or decrease in the valuation of these pension obligations, and these changes may affect the net periodic pension cost in the year the change is made and in subsequent years. We cannot assure that we will generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy these obligations. Any inability to satisfy these pension obligations may have a material adverse effect on the operational and financial health of our business. 
 For more information on our pension obligations, see Note 12 Pension Plans and Other Post Retirement Benefits to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could materially affect our financial results 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in U.S. dollars. In general, the functional currency of our subsidiaries is the local currency. For each subsidiary, assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates and revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the month of the transaction. Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. In addition, unexpected and dramatic devaluations of currencies in developing, as well as developed, markets could negatively affect our revenues from, and the value of the assets located in, those markets. 
 Transactional foreign currency gains (losses) are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income under the line item Other income (expense) net. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. While we use derivative financial instruments to attempt to reduce our net exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies or the currencies of large developing 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 countries, could materially affect our financial results. These risks and their potential impacts may be exacerbated by the Russia-Ukraine conflict and any policy changes, including those resulting from trade and tariff disputes. See Geopolitical instability, political unrest, war and other global conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, has affected and may continue to affect our business. 
 Our indebtedness could limit our operations and opportunities 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness outstanding following closing the Micro Focus Acquisition. As of June 30, 2023, we had 9.1 billion of total indebtedness. This level of indebtedness could have important consequences to our business, including, but not limited to: 
 increasing our debt service obligations, making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general purposes and increasing the cost of any such borrowing; 
 increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 expose us to fluctuations in the interest rate environment because the interest rates under our credit facilities are variable; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends and other general corporate purposes; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 potentially placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to certain of our competitors that are not as highly leveraged; 
 increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of our debt, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt financing; and 
 restricting us from pursuing certain business opportunities, including other acquisitions. 
 As of June 30, 2023, our credit facilities consisted of a 3.585 billion term loan (Acquisition Term Loan), 1.0 billion term loan facility (Term Loan B) and a 750 million committed revolving credit facility (the Revolver). Borrowings under our credit facilities are secured by a first charge over substantially all of our assets, which security interests may limit our financial flexibility. 
 Repayments made under the Acquisition Term Loan and Term Loan B are equal to 0.25 of the original principal amount in equal quarterly installments for the life of such loans, with the remainder due at maturity. The terms of the Acquisition Term Loan, Term Loan B and Revolver include customary restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to take actions that could be in our best interests. These restrictive covenants include certain limitations on our ability to make investments, loans and acquisitions, incur additional debt, incur liens and encumbrances, consolidate, amalgamate or merge with any other person, dispose of assets, make certain restricted payments, including a limit on dividends on equity securities or payments to redeem, repurchase or retire equity securities or other indebtedness, engage in transactions with affiliates, materially alter the business we conduct, and enter into certain restrictive agreements. The Acquisition Term Loan, Term Loan B and Revolver includes a financial covenant relating to a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio, which could restrict our operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take specified actions. Our failure to comply with any of the covenants that are included in the Acquisition Term Loan, Term Loan B and Revolver could result in a default under the terms thereof, which could permit the lenders thereunder to declare all or part of any outstanding borrowings to be immediately due and payable. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we also have 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 6.90 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (Senior Secured Notes 2027), 900 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.875 Senior Notes due 2028 (Senior Notes 2028), 850 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.875 Senior Notes due 2029 (Senior Notes 2029), 900 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.125 Senior Notes due 2030 (Senior Notes 2030) and 650 million in aggregate principal amount of our 4.125 senior unsecured notes due 2031 (Senior Notes 2031 and, together with the Senior Secured Notes due 2027, Senior Notes 2028, Senior Notes 2029 and Senior Notes 2030, the Senior Notes) outstanding, respectively issued in private placements to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Our failure to comply with any of the covenants that are included in the indentures governing the Senior Notes could result in a default under the terms thereof, which could result in all or a portion of the Senior Notes to be immediately due and payable. 
 The risks discussed above would be increased to the extent that we engage in additional acquisitions that involve the incurrence of material additional debt, or the acquisition of businesses with material debt, and such incurrences or acquisitions 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 could potentially negatively impact the ratings or outlook of the rating agencies on our outstanding debt securities and the market price of our common shares. 
 For more information on our indebtedness, see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 Our revenues and operating results are likely to fluctuate, which could materially impact the market price of our Common Shares 
 We experience significant fluctuations in revenues and operating results caused by many factors, including: 
 Changes in the demand for our software products and services and for the products and services of our competitors; 
 The introduction or enhancement of software products and services by us and by our competitors; 
 Market acceptance of our software products, enhancements and/or services; 
 Delays in the introduction of software products, enhancements and/or services by us or by our competitors; 
 Customer order deferrals in anticipation of upgrades and new software products; 
 Changes in the lengths of sales cycles; 
 Changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 Delays in software product implementation with customers; 
 Change in the mix of distribution channels through which our software products are licensed; 
 Change in the mix of software products and services sold; 
 Change in the mix of international and North American revenues; 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates and applicable interest rates; 
 Fluctuations in the value of our investments related to certain investment funds in which we are a limited partner: 
 Acquisitions and the integration of acquired businesses; 
 Restructuring charges taken in connection with any completed acquisition or otherwise; 
 Outcome and impact of tax audits and other contingencies; 
 Investor perception of our Company; 
 Changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts and our ability to meet those estimates; 
 Changes in laws and regulations affecting our business, including data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations; 
 Changes in general economic and business conditions, including the impact of any potential recession, or direct and indirect supply chain disruptions and shortages; and 
 Changes in general political developments, international trade policies and policies taken to stimulate or to preserve national economies. 
 A general weakening of the global economy, a continued weakening of the economy in a particular region, economic or business uncertainty or changes in political developments, trade policies or policies implemented to stimulate or preserve economies could result in the cancellation of or delay in customer purchases. A cancellation or deferral of even a small number of license sales or services or delays in the implementation of our software products could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. As a result of the timing of software product and service introductions and the rapid evolution of our business as well as of the markets we serve, we cannot predict whether patterns or trends experienced in the past will continue. For these reasons, you should not rely upon period-to-period comparisons of our financial results to forecast future performance. Our revenues and operating results may vary significantly, and this possible variance could materially reduce the market price of our Common Shares. 
 Changes in the market price of our Common Shares and credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities could lead to losses for shareholders and debt holders 
 The market price of our Common Shares and credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities are subject to fluctuations. Such fluctuations in market price or credit ratings may continue in response to: (i) quarterly and annual variations in operating results; (ii) announcements of technological innovations or new products or services that are relevant to our industry; (iii) changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; (iv) changes to the ratings or outlook of our outstanding debt securities by rating agencies; (v) impacts of general economic and market conditions or (vi) other events or factors (including those events or 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 factors noted in this Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors or in Part I, Forward-Looking Statements of this Annual Report on 10-K). In addition, financial markets experience significant price and volume fluctuations that particularly affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies in particular due to concerns about increasing interest rates, rising inflation or any potential recession. These fluctuations have often resulted from the failure of such companies to meet market expectations in a particular quarter, and thus such fluctuations may or may not be related to the underlying operating performance of such companies. Broad market fluctuations or any failure of our operating results in a particular quarter to meet market expectations may adversely affect the market price of our Common Shares or the credit ratings of our outstanding debt securities. Additionally, short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions in our Common Shares and technical factors in the public trading market for our Common Shares may produce price movements that may or may not comport with macro, industry or company-specific fundamentals, including, without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be expressed on financial trading and other social media sites), the amount and status of short interest in our Common Shares, access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our Common Shares and other technical trading factors. Occasionally, periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities may lead to the institution of securities class action litigation against a company. If we are subject to such volatility in our market price, we may be the target of such securities litigation in the future. Such legal action could result in substantial costs to defend our interests and a diversion of management s attention and resources, each of which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 General Risks 
 Unexpected events may materially harm our ability to align when we incur expenses with when we recognize revenues 
 We incur operating expenses based upon anticipated revenue trends. Since a high percentage of these expenses are relatively fixed, a delay in recognizing revenues from transactions related to these expenses (such a delay may be due to the factors described herein or it may be due to other factors) could cause significant variations in operating results from quarter to quarter and could materially reduce operating income. If these expenses are not subsequently matched by revenues, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to inaccurate sales forecasts or other factors 
 Our revenues and particularly our new software license revenues are difficult to forecast, and, as a result, our quarterly operating results can fluctuate substantially. Sales forecasts may be particularly inaccurate or unpredictable given general economic and market factors. We use a pipeline system, a common industry practice, to forecast sales and trends in our business. By reviewing the status of outstanding sales proposals to our customers and potential customers, we make an estimate as to when a customer will make a purchasing decision involving our software products. These estimates are aggregated periodically to make an estimate of our sales pipeline, which we use as a guide to plan our activities and make internal financial forecasts. Our sales pipeline is only an estimate and may be an unreliable predictor of actual sales activity, both in a particular quarter and over a longer period of time. Many factors may affect actual sales activity, such as weakened economic conditions, including as a result of any potential recession, which may cause our customers and potential customers to delay, reduce or cancel information technology-related purchasing decisions, our decision to increase prices in response to rising inflation, and the tendency of some of our customers to wait until the end of a fiscal period in the hope of obtaining more favorable terms from us. If actual sales activity differs from our pipeline estimate, then we may have planned our activities and budgeted incorrectly, and this may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, for newly acquired companies, we have limited ability to immediately predict how their pipelines will convert into sales or revenues following the acquisition and their conversion rate post-acquisition may be quite different from their historical conversion rate. 
 Our international operations expose us to business, political and economic risks that could cause our operating results to suffer 
 We have significantly increased, and intend to continue to make efforts to increase, our international operations and anticipate that international sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues. These international operations are subject to certain risks and costs, including the difficulty and expense of administering business and compliance abroad, differences in business practices, compliance with domestic and foreign laws (including without limitation domestic and international import and export laws and regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, including potential violations by acts of agents or other intermediaries), costs related to localizing products for foreign markets, costs related to translating and distributing software products in a timely manner, costs related to increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities, longer sales and collection cycles for accounts receivables, failure of laws or courts to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, local competition, and economic or political instability and uncertainties, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations and actual or anticipated military or geopolitical conflicts. International operations also tend to be subject to a longer sales and collection cycle. In addition, regulatory limitations regarding the repatriation of earnings may adversely affect the transfer of cash earned from international operations. Significant international sales may also expose us to 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 greater risk from political and economic instability, unexpected changes in Canadian, U.S. or other governmental policies concerning import and export of goods and technology, regulatory requirements, tariffs and other trade barriers. Additionally, international earnings may be subject to taxation by more than one jurisdiction, which may materially adversely affect our effective tax rate. Also, international expansion may be difficult, time consuming and costly. These risks and their potential impacts may be exacerbated by the Russia-Ukraine conflict. See Geopolitical instability, political unrest, war and other global conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine conflict, has affected and may continue to affect our business As a result, if revenues from international operations do not offset the expenses of establishing and maintaining international operations, our business, operating results and financial condition will suffer. 
 We may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us 
 From time to time in the ordinary course of our business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings, including commercial, product liability, employment, class action and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the results of any such actions may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 The declaration, payment and amount of dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors 
 We have adopted a policy to declare non-cumulative quarterly dividends on our Common Shares. The declaration, payment and amount of any dividends will be made pursuant to our dividend policy and is subject to final determination each quarter by our Board of Directors in its discretion based on a number of factors that it deems relevant, including our financial position, results of operations, available cash resources, cash requirements and alternative uses of cash that our Board of Directors may conclude would be in the best interest of our shareholders. Our dividend payments are subject to relevant contractual limitations, including those in our existing credit agreements and to solvency conditions established by the Canada Business Corporations Act (CBCA), the statute under which we are incorporated. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any future dividends will be equal or similar in amount to any dividends previously paid or that our Board of Directors will not decide to reduce, suspend or discontinue the payment of dividends at any time in the future. 
 Our operating results could be adversely affected by any weakening of economic conditions 
 Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. Certain economies have experienced periods of downturn as a result of a multitude of factors, including, but not limited to, turmoil in the credit and financial markets, concerns regarding the stability and viability of major financial institutions, declines in gross domestic product, increases in unemployment, volatility in commodity prices and worldwide stock markets, excessive government debt, disruptions to global trade or tariffs, inflation, higher interest rates and risks of recession and global health pandemics. The severity and length of time that a downturn in economic and financial market conditions may persist, as well as the timing, strength and sustainability of any recovery from such downturn, are unknown and are beyond our control. Recently, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the inflationary environment and policy changes resulting from trade and tariff disputes have raised additional concerns regarding economic uncertainties. Moreover, any instability in the global economy affects countries in different ways, at different times and with varying severity, which makes the impact to our business complex and unpredictable. During such downturns, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. Contract negotiations may become more protracted, or conditions could result in reductions in the licensing of our software products and the sale of cloud and other services, longer sales cycles, pressure on our margins, difficulties in collection of accounts receivable or delayed payments, increased default risks associated with our accounts receivables, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. In addition, deterioration of the global credit markets could adversely impact our ability to complete licensing transactions and services transactions, including maintenance and support renewals. Any of these events, as well as a general weakening of, or declining corporate confidence in, the global economy, or a curtailment in government or corporate spending, could delay or decrease our revenues and therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Stress in the global financial system may adversely affect our finances and operations in ways that may be hard to predict or to defend against 
 Financial developments seemingly unrelated to us or to our industry may adversely affect us over the course of time. For example, material increases in applicable interest rate benchmarks may increase the interest expense for our credit facilities such as the Acquisition Term Loan, Term Loan B and Revolver that have variable rates of interest. Credit contraction in financial markets may hurt our ability to access credit in the event that we identify an acquisition opportunity or require significant access to credit for other reasons. Similarly, volatility in the market price of our Common Shares due to seemingly unrelated financial developments, such as a recession, inflation or an economic slowdown in the U.S. or internationally, could 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 hurt our ability to raise capital for the financing of acquisitions or other reasons. Potential price inflation caused by an excess of liquidity in countries where we conduct business may increase the cost we incur to provide our solutions and may reduce profit margins on agreements that govern the licensing of our software products and/or the sale of our services to customers over a multi-year period. A reduction in credit, combined with reduced economic activity, may adversely affect businesses and industries that collectively constitute a significant portion of our customer base such as the public sector. As a result, these customers may need to reduce their licensing of our software products or their purchases of our services, or we may experience greater difficulty in receiving payment for the licenses and services that these customers purchase from us. In addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which may cause additional economic fluctuation. Any of these events, or any other events caused by turmoil in world financial markets, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our properties consist of owned and leased office facilities for sales, support, research and development, consulting and administrative personnel, totaling approximately 0.4 million square feet of owned facilities and approximately 4.0 million square feet of leased facilities. 
 Owned Facilities 
 Our headquarters is located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, and it consists of approximately 232,000 square feet. The land upon which the buildings stand is leased from the University of Waterloo for a period of 49 years beginning in December 2005, with an option to renew for an additional term of 49 years. The option to renew is exercisable by us upon providing written notice to the University of Waterloo not earlier than the 40th anniversary and not later than the 45th anniversary of the lease commencement date. 
 Certain of the Company s subsidiaries also own buildings in the United States, United Kingdom and South Africa that total approximately 207,000 square feet as of June 30, 2023. These facilities are primarily used as data centers, warehouses and office space by the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 Leased Facilities 
 The following table sets forth the location and approximate square footage of our leased facilities as of June 30, 2023: 
 Square Footage Americas (1) 
 1,775,462 EMEA (2) 
 846,494 Asia Pacific (3) 
 1,369,962 Total 3,991,918 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Americas consists of countries in North, Central and South America. 
 (2) EMEA consists of countries in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 
 (3) Asia Pacific primarily consists of Japan, Australia, China, Korea, Philippines, Thailand, Singapore and India. 
 Included in the total approximate square footage of leased facilities is approximately 3.2 million square feet of operational space and approximately 0.8 million square feet of vacated space which has either been sublet or is being actively marketed for sublease or disposition. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to various legal claims, as well as potential legal claims. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe that the final outcome of these matters will not have a materially adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial conditions. 
 For more information regarding litigation and the status of certain regulatory and tax proceedings, please refer to Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and to Note 14 Guarantees and Contingencies to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our Common Shares have traded on the NASDAQ stock market since 1996 under the symbol OTEX and our Common Shares have traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) since 1998, first under the symbol OTC , and since 2017, trades under the symbol OTEX . 
 On June 30, 2023, the closing price of our Common Shares on the NASDAQ was 41.55 per share, and on the TSX was Canadian 55.10 per share. 
 As at June 30, 2023, we had 342 shareholders of record holding our Common Shares of which 292 were U.S. shareholders. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We currently expect to continue paying cash dividends on a quarterly basis. However, future declarations of dividends are subject to the final determination of our Board of Directors, in its discretion, based on a number of factors that it deems relevant, including our financial position, results of operations, available cash resources, cash requirements and alternative uses of cash that our Board of Directors may conclude would be in the best interest of our shareholders. Our dividend payments are subject to relevant contractual limitations, including those in our existing credit agreements and to solvency conditions established under the CBCA, the statute under which we are incorporated. We have historically declared dividends in U.S. dollars, but registered shareholders can elect to receive dividends in U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars by contacting the Company s transfer agent. 
 Share Repurchase Plan / Normal Course Issuer Bid 
 On November 5, 2020, the Board authorized a share repurchase plan (the Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan), pursuant to which we were authorized to purchase in open market transactions, from time to time over the 12 month period commencing November 12, 2020, up to an aggregate of 350 million of our Common Shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the TSX and/or other exchanges and alternative trading systems in Canada and/or the United States, if eligible, subject to applicable law and stock exchange rules. The price that we were authorized to pay for Common Shares in open market transactions was the market price at the time of purchase or such other price as was permitted by applicable law or stock exchange rules. 
 The Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan was effected in accordance with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act (Rule 10b-18). Purchases made under the Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan were subject to a limit of 13,618,774 shares (representing 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Shares as of November 4, 2020). All Common Shares purchased by us pursuant to the Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan were cancelled. 
 On November 4, 2021, the Board authorized a share repurchase plan (the Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan), pursuant to which we were authorized to purchase in open market transactions, from time to time over the 12 month period commencing November 12, 2021, up to an aggregate of 350 million of our Common Shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the TSX (as part of a Fiscal 2022 Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB)) and/or other exchanges and alternative trading systems in Canada and/or the United States, if eligible, subject to applicable law and stock exchange rules. The price that we paid for Common Shares in open market transactions was the market price at the time of purchase or such other price as was permitted by applicable law or stock exchange rules. 
 The Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan was effected in accordance with Rule 10b-18. All Common Shares purchased by us pursuant to the Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan were cancelled. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we did not repurchase any Common Shares under the Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan or the Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan (year ended June 30, 2022 3,809,559 Common Shares for 177.0 million). 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Normal Course Issuer Bid 
 The Company established the Fiscal 2021 NCIB in order to provide it with a means to execute purchases over the TSX as part of the overall Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan. 
 The TSX approved the Company s notice of intention to commence the Fiscal 2021 NCIB, pursuant to which the Company was authorized to purchase Common Shares over the TSX for the period commencing November 12, 2020 until November 11, 2021 in accordance with the TSX s normal course issuer bid rules, including that such purchases were to be made at prevailing market prices or as otherwise permitted. Under the rules of the TSX, the maximum number of Common Shares that could be purchased in this period was 13,618,774 (representing 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Shares as of November 4, 2020), and the maximum number of Common Shares that could be purchased on a single day was 143,424 Common Shares, which was 25 of 573,699 (the average daily trading volume for the Common Shares on the TSX for the six months ended October 31, 2020), subject to certain exceptions for block purchases, subject in any case to the volume and other limitations under Rule 10b-18. 
 The Company renewed the NCIB in Fiscal 2022 in order to provide it with a means to execute purchases over the TSX as part of the overall Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan. 
 The TSX approved the Company s notice of intention to commence the Fiscal 2022 NCIB pursuant to which the Company was authorized to purchase Common Shares over the TSX for the period commencing November 12, 2021 until November 11, 2022 in accordance with the TSX s normal course issuer bid rules, including that such purchases were to be made at prevailing market prices or as otherwise permitted. Under the rules of the TSX, the maximum number of Common Shares that could be purchased in this period was 13,638,008 (representing 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Shares as of October 31, 2021), and the maximum number of Common Shares that could be purchased on a single day was 112,590 Common Shares, which is 25 of 450,361 (the average daily trading volume for the Common Shares on the TSX for the six months ended October 31, 2021), subject to certain exceptions for block purchases, subject in any case to the volume and other limitations under Rule 10b-18. 
 Stock Purchases 
 No shares were repurchased during the three months ended June 30, 2023. 
 Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return 
 The following graph compares the five-year period ending June 30, 2023, the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total shareholder return on our Common Shares with the cumulative total return on: 
 an index of companies in the software application industry (S P North American Technology-Software Index); 
 the NASDAQ Composite Index; and 
 the S P/TSX Composite Index. 
 The graph illustrates the cumulative return on a 100 investment in our Common Shares made on June 30, 2018, as compared with the cumulative return on a 100 investment in the S P North American Technology-Software Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the S P/TSX Composite Index (the Indices) made on the same day. Dividends declared on securities comprising the respective Indices and declared on our Common Shares are assumed to be reinvested. The performance of our Common Shares as set out in the graph is based upon historical data and is not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our Common Shares. The graph lines merely connect measurement dates and do not reflect fluctuations between those dates. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The chart below provides information with respect to the value of 100 invested on June 30, 2018 in our Common Shares as well as in the other Indices, assuming dividend reinvestment when applicable: 
 June 30, 2018 June 30, 2019 June 30, 2020 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2023 Open Text Corporation 100.00 119.04 124.83 151.85 115.29 130.34 S P North American Technology-Software Index 100.00 120.63 156.65 214.77 150.56 195.95 NASDAQ Composite 100.00 107.78 136.82 198.71 152.16 191.93 S P/TSX Composite 100.00 104.29 98.12 144.14 133.65 143.78 
 To the extent that this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been or will be specifically incorporated by reference into any filing by us under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, the foregoing Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return shall not be deemed to be soliciting materials or to be so incorporated, unless specifically otherwise provided in any such filing. 
 For information relating to our various stock compensation plans, see Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Canadian Tax Matters 
 Dividends 
 Since June 21, 2013 and unless stated otherwise, dividends paid by the Company to Canadian residents are eligible dividends as per the Income Tax Act (Canada) . 
 Non-residents of Canada 
 Dividends paid or credited to non-residents of Canada are subject to a 25 withholding tax unless reduced by treaty. Under the Canada-United States Tax Convention (1980) (the Treaty), U.S. residents who are entitled to all the benefits of the Treaty are generally subject to a 15 withholding tax. 
 Beginning in calendar year 2012, the Canada Revenue Agency has introduced new rules requiring residents of any country with which Canada has a tax treaty to certify that they reside in that country and are eligible to have Canadian non-resident tax withheld on the payment of dividends at the tax treaty rate. Registered shareholders should have completed the Declaration of Eligibility for Benefits (Reduced Tax) under a Tax Treaty for a Non-Resident Person and returned it to our transfer agent, ComputerShare Investor Services Inc. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 United States Tax Matters 
 U.S. residents 
 The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax considerations relevant to an investment in the Common Shares by a U.S. holder. For purposes of this summary, a U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of Common Shares that holds such shares as capital assets under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and is a citizen or resident of the United States and not of Canada, a corporation organized under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof, or a person that is otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis in respect of Common Shares. It does not address any aspect of U.S. federal gift or estate tax, or of state, local or non-U.S. tax laws and does not address aspects of U.S. federal income taxation applicable to U.S. holders holding options, warrants or other rights to acquire Common Shares. Further, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders that are subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including, but not limited to U.S. holders owning directly, indirectly or by attribution 10 or more of the voting power or value of the Company s stock; broker-dealers; banks or insurance companies; financial institutions; regulated investment companies; taxpayers who have elected mark-to-market accounting; tax-exempt organizations; taxpayers who hold Common Shares as part of a straddle, hedge, or conversion transaction with other investments; individual retirement or other tax-deferred accounts; taxpayers whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; partnerships or the partners therein; S corporations; or U.S. expatriates. 
 The discussion is based upon the provisions of the Code, the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, the Convention Between the United States and Canada with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, together with related Protocols and Competent Authority Agreements (the Convention), the administrative practices published by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and U.S. judicial decisions, all of which are subject to change. This discussion does not consider the potential effects, both adverse and beneficial, of any recently proposed legislation which, if enacted, could be applied, possibly on a retroactive basis, at any time. 
 Distributions on the Common Shares 
 Subject to the discussion below under Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules, U.S. holders generally will treat the gross amount of distributions paid by the Company equal to the U.S. dollar value of such dividends on the date the dividends are received or treated as received (based on the exchange rate on such date), without reduction for Canadian withholding tax (see Canadian Tax Matters - Dividends - Non-residents of Canada ), as dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent of the Company s current and accumulated earnings and profits. Because the Company does not expect to maintain calculations of its earnings and profits under U.S. federal income tax principles, it is expected that distributions paid to U.S. holders generally will be reported as dividends. 
 Individual U.S. holders will generally be eligible to treat dividends as qualified dividend income taxable at preferential rates with certain exceptions for short-term and hedged positions, and provided that the Company is not during the taxable year in which the dividends are paid (and was not in the preceding taxable year) classified as a passive foreign investment company (PFIC) as described below under Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules. Dividends paid on the Common Shares generally will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction allowed to corporate U.S. holders in respect of dividends from U.S. corporations. 
 If a U.S. holder receives foreign currency on a distribution that is not converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, the U.S. holder will have a tax basis in the foreign currency equal to its U.S. dollar value on the date the dividends are received or treated as received. Any gain or loss recognized upon a subsequent sale or other disposition of the foreign currency, including an exchange for U.S. dollars, will generally be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. 
 Subject to limitations and conditions under the Code and applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations, a U.S. holder may be able to claim a foreign tax credit in respect of the amount of Canadian income tax withheld at the appropriate rate from dividends paid to such U.S. holder. These limitations and conditions include new requirements recently adopted by the IRS that the Canadian tax would need to satisfy in order to be eligible to be a creditable tax for a U.S. holder. In the case of a U.S. Holder that is eligible for, and properly elects, the benefits of the Treaty, the Canadian tax on dividends will be treated as meeting the new requirements and therefore as a creditable tax. In the case of all other U.S. holders, the application of these requirements to the Canadian tax on dividends is uncertain and we have not determined whether these requirements have been met. If the Canadian dividend tax is not a creditable tax for a U.S. holder or the U.S. holder does not elect to claim a foreign tax credit for any foreign income taxes, the U.S. Holder may be able to deduct the Canadian tax in computing its taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Alternatively, the U.S. holder may deduct such Canadian income taxes from its U.S. federal taxable income, provided that the U.S. holder elects to deduct rather than credit all foreign income taxes for the relevant taxable year. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 For purposes of determining a U.S. holder s U.S. foreign tax credit limitation, dividends paid by the Company generally will be treated as passive category income from sources outside the United States. However, if the Company were to be treated as a United States-owned foreign corporation for any year, the portion of the dividends paid in that year that is attributable to the Company s United States-source earnings and profits may be re-characterized as United States-source income for foreign tax credit purposes. A United States-owned foreign corporation is any foreign corporation when 50 or more of the value or voting power of its stock is owned by United States persons (directly, indirectly or by attribution). The Company does not expect to calculate its earnings and profits under U.S. federal income tax principles. Therefore, the effect of this rule may cause dividends paid by the Company to be treated as entirely from sources within the United States. This could limit a U.S. holder s ability to claim a foreign tax credit for any Canadian taxes withheld from the dividends. A U.S. holder entitled to benefits under the Convention may, however, elect to treat dividends paid by the Company as foreign source income for foreign tax credit purposes, subject to certain requirements. The foreign tax credit rules are complex. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the implications of those rules for their investments in the Common Shares. 
 Sale, Exchange, Redemption or Other Disposition of Common Shares 
 Subject to the discussion below under Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules, the sale of Common Shares generally will result in the recognition of gain or loss to a U.S. holder in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. holder s adjusted basis in the Common Shares. A U.S. holder s tax basis in a Common Share will generally equal the price it paid for the Common Share. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term if the Common Shares have been held for more than one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
 Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules 
 Special U.S. federal income tax rules apply to U.S. persons owning shares of a PFIC. The Company will be classified as a PFIC in a particular taxable year if either: (i) 75 percent or more of the Company s gross income for the taxable year is passive income, or (ii) the average percentage of the value of the Company s assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income is at least 50 percent. If the Company is treated as a PFIC for any year, U.S. holders may be subject to adverse tax consequences upon a sale, exchange, or other disposition of the Common Shares, or upon the receipt of certain excess distributions in respect of the Common Shares. Dividends paid by a PFIC are not qualified dividends eligible for taxation at preferential rates. Based on audited consolidated financial statements, we believe that the Company was not treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes with respect to its 2022 or 2023 taxable years. In addition, based on a review of the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and its current expectations regarding the value and nature of its assets and the sources and nature of its income, the Company does not anticipate being treated as a PFIC for the 2024 taxable year. 
 Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
 Except in the case of corporations or other exempt holders, dividends paid to a U.S. holder may be subject to U.S. information reporting requirements and may be subject to backup withholding unless the U.S. holder provides an accurate taxpayer identification number on a properly completed IRS Form W-9 and certifies that no loss of exemption from backup withholding has occurred. The amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. holder s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the U.S. holder to a refund, provided that certain required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A), contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securitie s Act ), and is subject to the safe harbors created by those sections. All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. 
 When used in this report, the words anticipates , expects , intends , plans , believes , seeks , estimates , may , could , would , might , will and other similar language, as they relate to Open Text Corporation (OpenText or the Company), are intended to identify forward-looking statements under applicable securities laws. Specific forward-looking statements in this report include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: (i) our focus in the fiscal years beginning July 1, 2023 and ending June 30, 2024 (Fiscal 2024) and July 1, 2024 and ending June 30, 2025 (Fiscal 2025) on growth in earnings and cash flows; (ii) creating value through investments in broader Information Management capabilities; (iii) our future business plans and operations, and business planning process; (iv) business trends; (v) distribution; (vi) the Company s presence in the cloud and in growth markets; (vii) product and solution developments, enhancements and releases, the timing thereof and the customers targeted; (viii) the Company s financial condition, results of operations and earnings; (ix) the basis for any future growth and for our financial performance; (x) declaration of quarterly dividends; (xi) future tax rates; (xii) the changing regulatory environment; (xiii) annual recurring revenues; (xiv) research and development and related expenditures; (xv) our building, development and consolidation of our network infrastructure; (xvi) competition and changes in the competitive landscape; (xvii) our management and protection of intellectual property and other proprietary rights; (xviii) existing and foreign sales and exchange rate fluctuations; (xix) cyclical or seasonal aspects of our business; (xx) capital expenditures; (xxi) potential legal and/or regulatory proceedings; (xxii) acquisitions and their expected impact, including our ability to realize the benefits expected from the acquisitions and to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or utilize such assets to their full capacity, including in connection with the acquisition of Zix Corporation (Zix) and Micro Focus International Limited, formerly Micro Focus International plc, and its subsidiaries (Micro Focus) (see Note 19 Acquisitions to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details); (xxiii) tax audits; (xxiv) the expected impact of our decision to cease all direct business in Russia and Belarus and with known Russian-owned companies;(xxv) expected costs of the restructuring plans; (xxvi) targets regarding greenhouse gas emissions, waste diversion, energy consumption and Equity, Diversity and Inclusion (ED I) initiatives; (xvii) integration of Micro Focus, resulting synergies and timing thereof; and (xxviii) other matters. 
 In addition, any statements or information that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, performance or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking, and based on our current expectations, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which we operate. Forward-looking statements reflect our current estimates, beliefs and assumptions, which are based on management s perception of historic trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on certain assumptions including the following: (i) countries continuing to implement and enforce existing and additional customs and security regulations relating to the provision of electronic information for imports and exports; (ii) our continued operation of a secure and reliable business network; (iii) the stability of general political, economic and market conditions; (iv) our ability to manage inflation, including increased labour costs associated with attracting and retaining employees, and rising interest rates; (v) our continued ability to manage certain foreign currency risk through hedging; (vi) equity and debt markets continuing to provide us with access to capital; (vii) our continued ability to identify, source and finance attractive and executable business combination opportunities; (viii) our continued ability to avoid infringing third party intellectual property rights; and (ix) our ability to successfully implement our restructuring plans. Management s estimates, beliefs and assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events and, as such, are subject to change. We can give no assurance that such estimates, beliefs and assumptions will prove to be correct. 
 Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the anticipated results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties that may affect forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) our inability to realize successfully any anticipated synergy benefits from the acquisition of Micro Focus (Micro Focus Acquisition); (ii) the actual and potential impacts of the use of cash and incurrence of indebtedness, including the granting of security interests related to such debt; (iii) the change in scope and size of our operations as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition; (iv) the uncertainty around expectations related to Micro Focus business prospects; (v) integration of acquisitions and related restructuring efforts, including the quantum of restructuring charges and the timing thereof; (vi) the possibility that we may be unable to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity and not realize the benefits we expect from our acquired portfolios and businesses, including the acquisition of Zix and Micro Focus, (vii) the potential for the incurrence of or assumption of debt in connection with acquisitions, its 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 impact on future operations and on the ratings or outlooks of rating agencies on our outstanding debt securities, and the possibility of not being able to generate sufficient cash to service all indebtedness; (viii) the possibility that the Company may be unable to meet its future reporting requirements under the Exchange Act, and the rules promulgated thereunder, or applicable Canadian securities regulation; (ix) the risks associated with bringing new products and services to market; (x) fluctuations in currency exchange rates (including as a result of the impact of any policy changes resulting from trade and tariff disputes) and the impact of mark-to-market valuation relating to associated derivatives; (xi) delays in the purchasing decisions of the Company s customers; (xii) competition the Company faces in its industry and/or marketplace; (xiii) the final determination of litigation, tax audits (including tax examinations in Canada, the United States or elsewhere) and other legal proceedings; (xiv) potential exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities or expenses, including with respect to changes in Canadian, United States or international tax regimes; (xv) the possibility of technical, logistical or planning issues in connection with the deployment of the Company s products or services; (xvi) the continuous commitment of the Company s customers; (xvii) demand for the Company s products and services; (xviii) increase in exposure to international business risks including the impact of geopolitical instability, political unrest, war and other global conflicts, as we continue to increase our international operations; (xix) adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, disruptions in global supply chains and increased labour costs; (xx) inability to raise capital at all or on not unfavorable terms in the future; (xxi) downward pressure on our share price and dilutive effect of future sales or issuances of equity securities (including in connection with future acquisitions); and (xxii) potential changes in ratings or outlooks of rating agencies on our outstanding debt securities. Other factors that may affect forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) the future performance, financial and otherwise, of the Company; (ii) the ability of the Company to bring new products and services to market and to increase sales; (iii) the strength of the Company s product development pipeline; (iv) failure to secure and protect patents, trademarks and other proprietary rights; (v) infringement of third-party proprietary rights triggering indemnification obligations and resulting in significant expenses or restrictions on our ability to provide our products or services; (vi) failure to comply with privacy laws and regulations that are extensive, open to various interpretations and complex to implement; (vii) the Company s growth and other profitability prospects; (viii) the estimated size and growth prospects of the Information Management market; (ix) the Company s competitive position in the Information Management market and its ability to take advantage of future opportunities in this market; (x) the benefits of the Company s products and services to be realized by customers; (xi) the demand for the Company s products and services and the extent of deployment of the Company s products and services in the Information Management marketplace; (xii) the Company s financial condition and capital requirements; (xiii) system or network failures or information security, cybersecurity or other data breaches in connection with the Company s offerings or the information technology systems used by the Company generally, the risk of which may be increased during times of natural disaster or pandemic due to remote working arrangements; (xiv) failure to achieve our environmental goals on energy consumption, waste diversion and greenhouse gas emissions or our targets relating to ED I initiatives; (xv) failure to attract and retain key personnel to develop and effectively manage the Company s business; and (xvi) the ability of the Company s subsidiaries to make distributions to the Company. 
 Readers should carefully review Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and other securities regulators. A number of factors may materially affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. These factors include but are not limited to those set forth in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any one of these factors, and other factors that we are unaware of, or currently deem immaterial, may cause our actual results to differ materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 The following MD A is intended to help readers understand our results of operations and financial condition, and is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 All dollar and percentage comparisons made herein refer to the year ended June 30, 2023 compared with the year ended June 30, 2022, unless otherwise noted. Please refer to Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2022 for a comparative discussion of our Fiscal 2022 financial results as compared to Fiscal 2021. 
 Where we say we , us , our , OpenText or the Company , we mean Open Text Corporation or Open Text Corporation and its subsidiaries, as applicable. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 At OpenText, we believe information and knowledge make business and people better. We are an Information Management company that provides software and services that empower digital businesses of all sizes to become more intelligent, connected, secure and responsible. Our innovations maximize the strategic benefits of data and content for our customers, strengthening their productivity, growth and competitive advantage. 
 Our comprehensive Information Management platform and services provide secure and scalable solutions for global companies, small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), governments and consumers around the world. We have a complete and integrated portfolio of Information Management solutions delivered at scale in the OpenText Cloud, helping organizations master modern work, automate application delivery and modernization, and optimize their digital supply chains. To do this, we bring together our Content Cloud, Cybersecurity Cloud, Business Network Cloud, IT Operations Management Cloud, Application Automation Cloud and Analytics AI Cloud. We also accelerate information modernization with intelligent tools and services for moving off paper, automating classification and building clean data lakes for Artificial Intelligence (AI), analytics and automation. 
 We are fundamentally integrated into the parts of our customers businesses that matter, so they can securely manage the complexity of information flow end to end. Through automation and AI, we connect, synthesize and deliver information where it is needed to drive new efficiencies, experiences and insights. We make information more valuable by connecting it to digital business processes, enriching it with analytics, protecting and securing it throughout its entire lifecycle, and leveraging it to create engaging experiences for employees, suppliers, developers, partners, and customers. Our solutions range from connecting large digital supply chains to managing HR processes to driving better IT service management in manufacturing, retail and financial services. 
 Our solutions also enable organizations and consumers to secure their information so that they can collaborate with confidence, stay ahead of the regulatory technology curve, identify threats on any endpoint or across their networks, enable privacy, leverage eDiscovery and digital forensics to defensibly investigate and collect evidence, and ensure business continuity in the event of a security incident. 
 Our initial public offering was on the NASDAQ in 1996 and we were subsequently listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) in 1998. Our ticker symbol on both the NASDAQ and the TSX is OTEX. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we employed a total of approximately 24,100 individuals, of which approximately 9,700 joined our workforce as part of the Micro Focus Acquisition. Of the total 24,100 individuals we employed as of June 30, 2023, 9,050 or 38 are in the Americas, 5,750 or 24 are in EMEA and 9,300 or 38 are in Asia Pacific. Currently, we have employees in 45 countries enabling strong access to multiple talent pools while ensuring reach and proximity to our customers. Please see Results of Operations below for our definitions of geographic regions. 
 Period-over-period comparisons presented here are significantly impacted by our Micro Focus Acquisition. 
 Fiscal 2023 Summary: 
 Total revenue was 4,485.0 million, up 28.4 compared to the prior fiscal year; up 32.2 after factoring in the unfavorable impact of 132.4 million of foreign exchange rate changes. The Micro Focus Acquisition contributed 976.5 million of revenues. 
 Total annual recurring revenue, which we define as the sum of cloud services and subscriptions revenue and customer support revenue, was 3,615.5 million, up 26.2 compared to the prior fiscal year; up 29.7 after factoring in the unfavorable impact of 102.4 million of foreign exchange rate changes. 
 Cloud services and subscriptions revenue was 1,700.4 million, up 10.8 compared to the prior fiscal year; up 13.3 after factoring in the unfavorable impact of 38.6 million of foreign exchange rate changes. 
 GAAP-based gross margin was 70.6 compared to 69.6 in the prior fiscal year. 
 Non-GAAP-based gross margin was 76.1 compared to 75.6 in the prior fiscal year. 
 GAAP-based net income attributable to OpenText was 150.4 million compared to 397.1 million in the prior fiscal year. The Micro Focus Acquisition contributed 94.7 million of GAAP-based net losses. 
 Non-GAAP-based net income attributable to OpenText was 890.7 million compared to 876.2 million in the prior fiscal year. 
 GAAP-based earnings per share (EPS), diluted, was 0.56 compared to 1.46 in the prior fiscal year. 
 Non-GAAP-based EPS, diluted, was 3.29 compared to 3.22 in the prior fiscal year. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, was 1,472.9 million compared to 1,265.0 million in the prior fiscal year. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Operating cash flow was 779.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 981.8 million in the prior fiscal year, down 20.6 . 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 1,231.6 million as of June 30, 2023, compared to 1,693.7 million as of June 30, 2022. 
 Acquired Micro Focus for total consideration of 6.2 billion, inclusive of Micro Focus cash, subject to final adjustments. 
 In connection with the financing of the Micro Focus Acquisition, we drew down the entire 3.585 billion of the Acquisition Term Loan (as defined below), issued 1 billion of Senior Secured Notes 2027 (as defined below) and drew down 450 million under the Revolver (as defined below). Subsequent to the closing of the Micro Focus Acquisition we repaid 175 million of the outstanding balance on the Revolver during the year ended June 30, 2023 and subsequently repaid 175 million on July 5, 2023. 
 Enterprise cloud bookings were 527.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 482.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. We define Enterprise cloud bookings as the total value from cloud services and subscription contracts entered into in the fiscal year that are new, committed and incremental to our existing contracts, entered into with our enterprise-based customers. 
 See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for definitions and reconciliations of GAAP-based measures to Non-GAAP-based measures. See Acquisitions below for the impact of acquisitions on the period-to-period comparability of results. 
 Acquisitions 
 As a result of the continually changing marketplace in which we operate, we regularly evaluate acquisition opportunities within our market and at any time may be in various stages of discussions with respect to such opportunities. 
 Acquisition of Micro Focus 
 On January 31, 2023, we acquired all of the issued and to be issued share capital of Micro Focus for a total purchase price of 6.2 billion, inclusive of Micro Focus cash and repayment of Micro Focus outstanding indebtedness, subject to final adjustments. 
 In connection with the financing of the Micro Focus Acquisition, concurrent with the announcement of the acquisition on August 25, 2022, the Company entered into the Acquisition Term Loan and Bridge Loan (as defined below) as well as certain derivative transactions. On December 1, 2022, the Company issued and sold 1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 6.90 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (Senior Secured Notes 2027), amended the Acquisition Term Loan and terminated the Bridge Loan. On January 31, 2023, we drew down the entire aggregate principal amount of 3.585 billion of the Acquisition Term Loan, net of original issuance discount and other fees, and drew down 450 million under the Revolver. We used these proceeds and cash on hand to fund the purchase price consideration and repayment of Micro Focus outstanding indebtedness. In conjunction with the closing of the Micro Focus Acquisition, the deal-contingent forward contracts and non-contingent forward contract, as described in Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities to our Consolidated Financial Statements were settled. See Note 19 Acquisitions to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. The Micro Focus Acquisition has contributed to the growth in our revenues and significantly impacts period-over-period comparability. 
 Impacts of Russia-Ukraine Conflict 
 We have ceased all direct business in Russia and Belarus and with known Russian-owned companies. To support certain of our cloud customers headquartered in the United States or allied countries that rely on our network to manage their global business (including their business in Russia), we have nonetheless allowed these customers to continue to use our services to the extent that it can be done in strict compliance with all applicable sanctions and export controls. However, we may adjust our business practices as required by applicable rules and regulations. While we do not expect our decision to cease all direct business in Russia and Belarus and with known Russian-owned companies to have a material adverse effect on our overall business, results of operations or financial condition, it is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this conflict, including adverse effects on the global economy, on our business and operations as well as those of our customers, partners and third party service providers. For more information, please see Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Outlook for Fiscal 2024 
 As an organization, we are committed to Total Growth , meaning we strive towards delivering value through organic initiatives, innovations and acquisitions. With an emphasis on increasing recurring revenues and expanding profitability, we 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 believe our Total Growth strategy will ultimately drive cash flow growth, thus helping to fuel our innovation, broaden our go-to-market distribution and identify and execute strategic acquisitions. With strategic acquisitions, we are well positioned to expand our product portfolio and improve our ability to innovate and grow organically, which helps us to meet our long-term growth targets. Our Total Growth strategy is a durable model, that we believe will create both near and long-term shareholder value through organic and acquired growth, capital efficiency and profitability. 
 We are committed to continuous innovation. Our investments in research and development (R D) push product innovation, increasing the value of our offerings to our existing customer base and new customers, which includes Global 10,000 companies (G10K), SMBs and consumers. The G10K are the world s largest companies, ranked by estimated total revenues, as well as the world's largest governments and global organizations. More valuable products, coupled with our established global partner program, lead to greater distribution and cross-selling opportunities which further help us to achieve organic growth. Over the last three fiscal years, we have invested a cumulative total of 1.54 billion in R D or 13.6 of cumulative revenue for that three-year period. On an annual basis, we continue to target to spend 14 to 16 of revenues on R D expense. With our innovation roadmap delivered, we believe we have fortified our support for customer choice: private cloud, public cloud, off-cloud, and API cloud. 
 Looking ahead, the destination for innovation is cloud. Businesses of all sizes rely on a combination of public and private clouds, managed services and off-cloud solutions. As a result, we are committed to continue to modernize our technology infrastructure and leverage our existing investments in the OpenText Cloud and programs to help customers off-cloud. The combination of OpenText cloud-native applications and managed services, together with the scalability and performance of our partner public cloud providers, offer more secure, reliable and compliant solutions to customers wanting to deploy cloud-based Information Management applications. The OpenText Cloud is designed to build additional flexibility and scalability for our customers: becoming cloud-native, connecting anything, and extending capabilities with multi-tenant SaaS applications and services. 
 The completion of the Micro Focus Acquisition during Fiscal 2023 has substantially expanded our scope and size by adding substantial assets and operations to our existing business. During Fiscal 2023, we incurred significant transaction costs in connection with the Micro Focus Acquisition. We have incurred and will continue to incur additional integration costs. As part of the Micro Focus Acquisition, the Company made a strategic decision to implement a restructuring plan that impacted its global workforce and further reduce its real estate footprint around the world in an effort to further streamline our operations, consistent with previously announced cost synergies of 400 million (Micro Focus Acquisition Restructuring Plan). The total size of the plan is expected to result in a reduction in the combined workforce of approximately 8 , or 2,000 employees, with an estimated cost of 135.0 million to 150.0 million, of which we incurred 72.3 million during Fiscal 2023. We expect the Micro Focus Acquisition Restructuring Plan to be completed by the end of Fiscal 2024. See also Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors included within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Micro Focus Acquisition has a significant impact on period-over-period comparability as more fully discussed below. 
 We will continue to closely monitor the potential impacts of inflation with respect to wages, services and goods, concerns regarding any potential recession, rising interest rates, financial market volatility, and the Russia-Ukraine conflict on our business. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors included within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable at that time. Actual results may differ materially from those estimates. The policies listed below are areas that may contain key components of our results of operations and are based on complex rules requiring us to make judgments and estimates and consequently, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. Some of these accounting policies involve complex situations and require a higher degree of judgment, either in the application and interpretation of existing accounting literature or in the development of estimates that affect our financial statements. The critical accounting policies which we believe are the most important to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results include the following: 
 (i) Revenue recognition, 
 (ii) Goodwill, 
 (iii) Acquired intangibles and 
 (iv) Income taxes. 
 For a full discussion of all our accounting policies, please see Note 2 Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue recognition 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), we account for a customer contract when we obtain written approval, the contract is committed, the rights of the parties, including the payment terms, are identified, the contract has commercial substance and consideration is probable of collection. Revenue is recognized when, or as, control of a promised product or service is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for our products and services (at its transaction price). Estimates of variable consideration and the determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based on readily available information, which may include historical, current and forecasted information, taking into consideration the type of customer, the type of transaction and specific facts and circumstances of each arrangement. We report revenue net of any revenue-based taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue producing transactions. 
 We have four revenue streams: cloud services and subscriptions, customer support, license and professional service and other. 
 Cloud services and subscriptions revenue 
 Cloud services and subscriptions revenue are from hosting arrangements where, in connection with the licensing of software, the end user does not take possession of the software, as well as from end-to-end fully outsourced business-to-business (B2B) integration solutions to our customers (collectively referred to as cloud arrangements). The software application resides on our hardware or that of a third party, and the customer accesses and uses the software on an as-needed basis. Our cloud arrangements can be broadly categorized as platform as a service (PaaS), software as a service (SaaS), cloud subscriptions and managed services. 
 PaaS/ SaaS/ Cloud Subscriptions (collectively referred to here as cloud-based solutions): We offer cloud-based solutions that provide customers the right to access our software through the internet. Our cloud-based solutions represent a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. These services are made available to the customer continuously throughout the contractual period. However, the extent to which the customer uses the services may vary at the customer s discretion. The payment for cloud-based solutions may be received either at inception of the arrangement, or over the term of the arrangement. 
 These cloud-based solutions are considered to have a single performance obligation where the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit, and as such we recognize revenue for these cloud-based solutions ratably over the term of the contractual agreement. For example, revenue related to cloud-based solutions that are provided on a usage basis, such as the number of users, is recognized based on a customer s utilization of the services in a given period. 
 Additionally, a software license is present in a cloud-based solutions arrangement if all of the following criteria are met: 
 (i) The customer has the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time without significant penalty; and 
 (ii) It is feasible for the customer to host the software independent of us. 
 In these cases where a software license is present in a cloud-based solutions arrangement it is assessed to determine if it is distinct from the cloud-based solutions arrangement. The revenue allocated to the distinct software license would be recognized at the point in time the software license is transferred to the customer, whereas the revenue allocated to the hosting performance obligation would be recognized ratably on a monthly basis over the contractual term unless evidence suggests that revenue is earned, or obligations are fulfilled in a different pattern over the contractual term of the arrangement. 
 Managed services: We provide comprehensive B2B process outsourcing services for all day-to-day operations of a customers B2B integration program. Customers using these managed services are not permitted to take possession of our software and the contract is for a defined period, where customers pay a monthly or quarterly fee. Our performance obligation is satisfied as we provide services of operating and managing a customer s electronic data interchange (EDI) environment. Revenue relating to these services is recognized using an output method based on the expected level of service we will provide over the term of the contract. 
 In connection with cloud subscription and managed service contracts, we often agree to perform a variety of services before the customer goes live, such as, converting and migrating customer data, building interfaces and providing training. These services are considered an outsourced suite of professional services which can involve certain project-based activities. These services can be provided at the initiation of a contract, during the implementation or on an ongoing basis as part of the customer life cycle. These services can be charged separately on a fixed fee, a time and materials basis, or the costs associated may be recovered as part of the ongoing cloud subscription or managed services fee. These outsourced professional services are considered distinct from the ongoing hosting services and represent a separate performance obligation within our cloud subscription or managed services arrangements. The obligation to provide outsourced professional services is satisfied over 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 time, with the customer simultaneously receiving and consuming the benefits as we satisfy our performance obligations. For outsourced professional services, we recognize revenue by measuring progress toward the satisfaction of our performance obligation. Progress for services that are contracted for a fixed price is generally measured based on hours incurred as a portion of total estimated hours. As a practical expedient, when we invoice a customer at an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of our performance to date, we recognize revenue at that amount. 
 Customer support revenue 
 Customer support revenue is associated with perpetual, term license and off-cloud subscription arrangements. As customer support is not critical to the customers ability to derive benefit from their right to use our software, customer support is considered a distinct performance obligation when sold together in a bundled arrangement along with the software. 
 Customer support consists primarily of technical support and the provision of unspecified updates and upgrades on a when-and-if-available basis. Customer support for perpetual licenses is renewable, generally on an annual basis, at the option of the customer. Customer support for term and subscription licenses is renewable concurrently with such licenses for the same duration of time. Payments for customer support are generally made at the inception of the contract term or in installments over the term of the maintenance period. Our customer support team is ready to provide these maintenance services, as needed, to the customer during the contract term. As the elements of customer support are delivered concurrently and have the same pattern of transfer, customer support is accounted for as a single performance obligation. The customer benefits evenly throughout the contract period from the guarantee that the customer support resources and personnel will be available to them, and that any unspecified upgrades or unspecified future products developed by us will be made available. Revenue for customer support is recognized ratably over the contract period based on the start and end dates of the maintenance term, in line with how we believe services are provided. 
 License revenue 
 Our license revenue can be broadly categorized as perpetual licenses, term licenses and subscription licenses, all of which are deployed on the customer s premises (off-cloud). 
 Perpetual licenses : We sell perpetual licenses which provide customers the right to use software for an indefinite period of time in exchange for a one-time license fee, which is generally paid at contract inception. Our perpetual licenses provide a right to use intellectual property (IP) that is functional in nature and have significant stand-alone functionality. Accordingly, for perpetual licenses of functional IP, revenue is recognized at the point-in-time when control has been transferred to the customer, which normally occurs once software activation keys have been made available for download. 
 Term licenses and Subscription licenses: We sell both term and subscription licenses which provide customers the right to use software for a specified period in exchange for a fee, which may be paid at contract inception or paid in installments over the period of the contract. Like perpetual licenses, both our term licenses and subscription licenses are functional IP that have significant stand-alone functionality. Accordingly, for both term and subscription licenses, revenue is recognized at the point-in-time when the customer is able to use and benefit from the software, which is normally once software activation keys have been made available for download at the commencement of the term. 
 Professional service and other revenue 
 Our professional services, when offered along with software licenses, consist primarily of technical and training services. Technical services may include installation, customization, implementation or consulting services. Training services may include access to online modules, or the delivery of a training package customized to the customer s needs. At the customer s discretion, we may offer one, all, or a mix of these services. Payment for professional services is generally a fixed fee or a fee based on time and materials. Professional services can be arranged in the same contract as the software license or in a separate contract. 
 As our professional services do not significantly change the functionality of the license and our customers can benefit from our professional services on their own or together with other readily available resources, we consider professional services distinct within the context of the contract. 
 Professional service revenue is recognized over time as long as: (i) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as we perform them, (ii) our performance creates or enhances an asset the customer controls as we perform and (iii) our performance does not create an asset with an alternative use, and we have the enforceable right to payment. 
 If all the above criteria are met, we use an input-based measure of progress for recognizing professional service revenue. For example, we may consider total labour hours incurred compared to total expected labour hours. As a practical expedient, when we invoice a customer at an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of our performance to date, we will recognize revenue at that amount. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Material rights 
 To the extent that we grant our customer an option to acquire additional products or services in one of our arrangements, we will account for the option as a distinct performance obligation in the contract only if the option provides a material right to the customer that the customer would not receive without entering into the contract. For example, if we give the customer an option to acquire additional goods or services in the future at a price that is significantly lower than the current price, this would be a material right as it allows the customer to, in effect, pay in advance for the option to purchase future products or services. If a material right exists in one of our contracts, then revenue allocated to the option is deferred and we would recognize that deferred revenue only when those future products or services are transferred or when the option expires. 
 Based on history, our contracts do not typically contain material rights and when they do, the material right is not significant to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Arrangements with multiple performance obligations 
 Our contracts generally contain more than one of the products and services listed above. Determining whether goods and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or as a single performance obligation may require judgment, specifically when assessing whether both of the following two criteria are met: 
 the customer can benefit from the product or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer; and 
 our promise to transfer the product or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. 
 If these criteria are not met, we determine an appropriate measure of progress based on the nature of our overall promise for the single performance obligation. 
 If these criteria are met, each product or service is separately accounted for as a distinct performance obligation and the total transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price (SSP) basis. 
 Standalone selling price 
 The SSP reflects the price we would charge for a specific product or service if it were sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. In most cases we are able to establish the SSP based on observable data. We typically establish a narrow SSP range for our products and services and assess this range on a periodic basis or when material changes in facts and circumstances warrant a review. 
 If the SSP is not directly observable, then we estimate the amount using either the expected cost plus a margin or residual approach. Estimating SSP requires judgment that could impact the amount and timing of revenue recognized. SSP is a formal process whereby management considers multiple factors including, but not limited to, geographic or region-specific factors, competitive positioning, internal costs, profit objectives and pricing practices. 
 Transaction Price Allocation 
 In bundled arrangements, where we have more than one distinct performance obligation, we must allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative SSP. However, in certain bundled arrangements, the SSP may not always be directly observable. For instance, in bundled arrangements with license and customer support, we allocate the transaction price between the license and customer support performance obligations using the residual approach because we have determined that the SSP for licenses in these arrangements are highly variable. We use the residual approach only for our license arrangements. When the SSP is observable but contractual pricing does not fall within our established SSP range, then an adjustment is required, and we will allocate the transaction price between license and customer support based on the relative SSP established for the respective performance obligations. 
 When two or more contracts are entered into at or near the same time with the same customer, we evaluate the facts and circumstances associated with the negotiation of those contracts. Where the contracts are negotiated as a package, we will account for them as a single arrangement and allocate the consideration for the combined contracts among the performance obligations accordingly. 
 We believe there are significant assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for revenue recognition as discussed above and these assumptions, judgments and estimates could impact the timing of when revenue is recognized and could have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. The carrying amount of goodwill is periodically reviewed for impairment (at a minimum annually) and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of this asset may not be recoverable. 
 Our operations are analyzed by management and our chief operating decision maker (CODM) as being part of a single industry segment: the design, development, marketing and sales of Information Management software and solutions. Therefore, our goodwill impairment assessment is based on the allocation of goodwill to a single reporting unit. 
 We perform a qualitative assessment to test our reporting unit s goodwill for impairment. Based on our qualitative assessment, if we determine that the fair value of our reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50 percent) to be less than its carrying amount, the quantitative assessment of the impairment test is performed. In the quantitative assessment, we compare the fair value of our reporting unit to its carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not considered impaired, and we are not required to perform further testing. If the carrying value of the net assets of our reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then an impairment loss equal to the difference, but not exceeding the total carrying value of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit, would be recorded. 
 Our annual impairment analysis of goodwill was performed as of April 1, 2023. Our qualitative assessment indicated that there were no indications of impairment and therefore there was no impairment of goodwill required to be recorded for Fiscal 2023 (no impairments were recorded for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively). 
 Acquired intangibles 
 In accordance with business combinations accounting, we allocate the purchase price of acquired companies to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. Such valuations may require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Acquired intangible assets typically consist of acquired technology and customer relationships. 
 In valuing our acquired intangible assets, we may make assumptions and estimates based in part on information obtained from the management of the acquired company, which may make our assumptions and estimates inherently uncertain. Examples of critical estimates we may make in valuing certain of the intangible assets that we acquire include, but are not limited to: 
 future expected cash flows of our individual revenue streams; 
 historical and expected customer attrition rates and anticipated growth in revenue from acquired customers; 
 the expected use of the acquired assets; and 
 discount rates. 
 As a result of the judgments that need to be made, we obtain the assistance of independent valuation firms. We complete these assessments as soon as practical after the closing dates. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 
 Although we believe the assumptions and estimates of fair value we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill, if the changes are related to conditions that existed at the time of the acquisition. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments, based on events that occurred subsequent to the acquisition date, are recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Income taxes 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes (Topic 740). 
 We account for our uncertain tax provisions by using a two-step approach. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of the available evidence indicates it is more likely than not, based solely on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained on audit, including the resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the appropriate amount of the benefit to recognize. The amount of benefit to recognize is measured as the maximum amount which is more likely than not to be realized. The tax position is derecognized when it is no longer more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit. On subsequent recognition and measurement, the maximum amount which is more likely than not to be recognized at each reporting date will represent the Company s best 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 estimate, given the information available at the reporting date, although the outcome of the tax position is not absolute or final. We recognize both accrued interest and penalties related to liabilities for income taxes within the Provision for (recovery of) income taxes line of our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years. These temporary differences are measured using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the extent that we consider it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In determining the valuation allowance, we consider factors such as the reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected taxable income and the character of income tax assets and tax planning strategies. A change to these factors could impact the estimated valuation allowance and income tax expense. 
 The Company s tax positions are subject to audit by local taxing authorities across multiple global subsidiaries and the resolution of such audits may span multiple years. Since tax law is complex and often subject to varied interpretations, it is uncertain whether some of the Company s tax positions will be sustained upon audit. Our assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the current provision for income taxes considers current tax laws, our interpretations of current tax laws and possible outcomes of current and future audits conducted by domestic and foreign tax authorities. While we believe the assumptions and estimates that we have made are reasonable, such assumptions and estimates could have a material impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements upon ultimate resolution of the tax positions. 
 For additional details, please see Note 15 Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following tables provide a detailed analysis of our results of operations and financial condition. For each of the periods indicated below, we present our revenues by product type, revenues by major geography, cost of revenues by product type, total gross margin, total operating margin, gross margin by product type and their corresponding percentage of total revenue. 
 In addition, we provide Non-GAAP measures for the periods discussed in order to provide additional information to investors that we believe will be useful as this presentation is in line with how our management assesses our Company s performance. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below for a reconciliation of GAAP-based measures to Non-GAAP-based measures. 
 The comparability of our operating results for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 was impacted by the recent Micro Focus Acquisition. Our total revenues increased by 991.1 million across all of our product types in the year ended June 30, 2023, relative to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to revenue contributions from the Micro Focus Acquisition, offset by unfavorable impact of 132.4 million of foreign exchange rate changes. The Micro Focus Acquisition contributed 976.5 million to our total revenues during the year ended June 30, 2023, of which 629.1 million related to customer support revenues and 219.6 million related to license revenues. 
 Total cost of revenues increased by 254.4 million in the year ended June 30, 2023, relative to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily from additional cost of revenues of 279.3 million as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition. 
 Total operating expenses increased by 865.2 million in the year ended June 30, 2023, relative to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily from additional operating expenses of 761.5 million as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition, of which 550.4 million was related to research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Results of Operations Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Total Revenues by Product Type: Cloud services and subscriptions 1,700,433 165,416 1,535,017 127,572 1,407,445 Customer support 1,915,020 584,055 1,330,965 (3,097) 1,334,062 License 539,026 180,675 358,351 (26,360) 384,711 Professional service and other 330,501 60,990 269,511 9,614 259,897 Total revenues 4,484,980 991,136 3,493,844 107,729 3,386,115 Total Cost of Revenues 1,316,587 254,386 1,062,201 27,735 1,034,466 Total GAAP-based Gross Profit 3,168,393 736,750 2,431,643 79,994 2,351,649 Total GAAP-based Gross Margin 70.6 69.6 69.4 Total GAAP-based Operating Expenses 2,652,101 865,231 1,786,870 176,124 1,610,746 Total GAAP-based Income from Operations 516,292 (128,481) 644,773 (96,130) 740,903 Revenues by Product Type: Cloud services and subscriptions 37.9 43.9 41.6 Customer support 42.7 38.1 39.4 License 12.0 10.3 11.3 Professional service and other 7.4 7.7 7.7 Total Cost of Revenues by Product Type: Cloud services and subscriptions 590,165 78,452 511,713 29,895 481,818 Customer support 209,705 88,220 121,485 (1,268) 122,753 License 16,645 3,144 13,501 (415) 13,916 Professional service and other 276,888 59,993 216,895 19,712 197,183 Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets 223,184 24,577 198,607 (20,189) 218,796 Total cost of revenues 1,316,587 254,386 1,062,201 27,735 1,034,466 GAAP-based Gross Margin by Product Type: Cloud services and subscriptions 65.3 66.7 65.8 Customer support 89.0 90.9 90.8 License 96.9 96.2 96.4 Professional service and other 16.2 19.5 24.1 Total Revenues by Geography: (1) 
 Americas (2) 
 2,785,003 597,374 2,187,629 118,546 2,069,083 EMEA (3) 
 1,310,016 283,815 1,026,201 (5,406) 1,031,607 Asia Pacific (4) 
 389,961 109,947 280,014 (5,411) 285,425 Total revenues 4,484,980 991,136 3,493,844 107,729 3,386,115 Revenues by Geography: Americas (2) 
 62.1 62.6 61.1 EMEA (3) 
 29.2 29.4 30.5 Asia Pacific (4) 
 8.7 8.0 8.4 Other Metrics: GAAP-based gross margin 70.6 69.6 69.4 Non-GAAP-based gross margin (5) 
 76.1 75.6 76.1 Net income, attributable to OpenText 150,379 397,090 310,672 GAAP-based EPS, diluted 0.56 1.46 1.14 Non-GAAP-based EPS, diluted (5) 
 3.29 3.22 3.39 Adjusted EBITDA (5) 
 1,472,917 1,264,986 1,315,033 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Total revenues by geography are determined based on the location of our direct end customer. 
 (2) Americas consists of countries in North, Central and South America. 
 (3) EMEA primarily consists of countries in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 
 (4) Asia Pacific primarily consists of Japan, Australia, China, Korea, Philippines, Singapore, India and New Zealand. 
 (5) See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures (discussed later in this MD A) for definitions and reconciliations of GAAP-based measures to Non-GAAP-based measures . 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues, Cost of Revenues and Gross Margin by Product Type 
 1) Cloud Services and Subscriptions: 
 Cloud services and subscriptions revenues are from hosting arrangements where in connection with the licensing of software, the end user does not take possession of the software, as well as from end-to-end fully outsourced B2B integration solutions to our customers (collectively referred to as cloud arrangements). The software application resides on our hardware or that of a third party, and the customer accesses and uses the software on an as-needed basis via an identified line. Our cloud arrangements can be broadly categorized as PaaS, SaaS, cloud subscriptions and managed services. For the year ended June 30, 2023, our cloud renewal rate, excluding the impact of Carbonite, Zix and Micro Focus was approximately 94 , consistent with the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Cost of Cloud services and subscriptions revenues is comprised primarily of third-party network usage fees, maintenance of in-house data hardware centers, technical support personnel-related costs and some third party royalty costs. 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Cloud Services and Subscriptions: Americas 1,287,731 131,813 1,155,918 107,474 1,048,444 EMEA 305,293 30,469 274,824 18,625 256,199 Asia Pacific 107,409 3,134 104,275 1,473 102,802 Total Cloud Services and Subscriptions Revenues 1,700,433 165,416 1,535,017 127,572 1,407,445 Cost of Cloud Services and Subscriptions Revenues 590,165 78,452 511,713 29,895 481,818 GAAP-based Cloud Services and Subscriptions Gross Profit 1,110,268 86,964 1,023,304 97,677 925,627 GAAP-based Cloud Services and Subscriptions Gross Margin 65.3 66.7 65.8 Cloud Services and Subscriptions Revenues by Geography: Americas 75.7 75.3 74.5 EMEA 18.0 17.9 18.2 Asia Pacific 6.3 6.8 7.3 
 Cloud services and subscriptions revenues increased by 165.4 million or 10.8 during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year; up 13.3 after factoring in the unfavorable impact of 38.6 million of foreign exchange rate changes. The increase was primarily driven by organic revenue growth, as well as partially driven by incremental revenues from the Micro Focus Acquisition over the comparative period. Geographically, the overall change was attributable to an increase in Americas of 131.8 million, an increase in EMEA of 30.5 million and an increase in Asia Pacific of 3.1 million. 
 There were 89 cloud services contracts greater than 1.0 million that closed during Fiscal 2023, compared to 98 contracts during Fiscal 2022. 
 Cost of Cloud services and subscriptions revenues increased by 78.5 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. This was primarily due to an increase in labour-related costs of 40.0 million and an increase in third-party network usage fees of 37.8 million partially driven by incremental Cloud services and subscriptions cost of revenues from the Micro Focus Acquisition over the comparative period. Overall, the gross margin percentage on Cloud services and subscriptions revenues decreased to 65 from 67 . 
 2) Customer Support: 
 Customer support revenues consist of revenues from our customer support and maintenance agreements. These agreements allow our customers to receive technical support, enhancements and upgrades to new versions of our software products when available. Customer support revenues are generated from support and maintenance relating to current year sales of software products and from the renewal of existing maintenance agreements for software licenses sold in prior periods. Therefore, changes in Customer support revenues do not always correlate directly to the changes in license revenues from period to period. The terms of support and maintenance agreements are typically twelve months, and are renewable, generally on an annual basis, at the option of the customer. Our management reviews our Customer support renewal rates on a quarterly basis, and we use these rates as a method of monitoring our customer service performance. For the year ended June 30, 2023, our Customer support renewal rate was approximately 95 , compared to approximately 94 for the year ended June 30, 2022, excluding the impact of Carbonite, Zix and Micro Focus. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Customer support revenues is comprised primarily of technical support personnel and related costs, as well as third party royalty costs. 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Customer Support Revenues: Americas 1,081,192 337,718 743,474 (250) 743,724 EMEA 662,601 186,915 475,686 (5,872) 481,558 Asia Pacific 171,227 59,422 111,805 3,025 108,780 Total Customer Support Revenues 1,915,020 584,055 1,330,965 (3,097) 1,334,062 Cost of Customer Support Revenues 209,705 88,220 121,485 (1,268) 122,753 GAAP-based Customer Support Gross Profit 1,705,315 495,835 1,209,480 (1,829) 1,211,309 GAAP-based Customer Support Gross Margin 89.0 90.9 90.8 Customer Support Revenues by Geography: Americas 56.5 55.9 55.7 EMEA 34.6 35.7 36.1 Asia Pacific 8.9 8.4 8.2 
 Customer support revenues increased by 584.1 million or 43.9 during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year; up 48.7 after factoring in the unfavorable impact of 63.8 million of foreign exchange rate changes. The increase was primarily driven by incremental Customer support revenues from the Micro Focus Acquisition over the comparative period. Geographically, the overall change was attributable to an increase in Americas of 337.7 million, an increase in EMEA of 186.9 million and an increase in Asia Pacific of 59.4 million. 
 Cost of Customer support revenues increased by 88.2 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. This was primarily due to an increase in labour-related costs of 82.2 million and an increase in third-party network usage fees of 5.5 million driven by incremental Customer support cost of revenues from the Micro Focus Acquisition over the comparative period. Overall, the gross margin percentage on Customer support revenues decreased to 89 from 91 . 
 3) License: 
 Our License revenue can be broadly categorized as perpetual licenses, term licenses and subscription licenses. Our License revenues are impacted by the strength of general economic and industry conditions, the competitive strength of our software products and our acquisitions. Cost of License revenues consists primarily of royalties payable to third parties. 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 License Revenues: Americas 270,809 107,090 163,719 4,189 159,530 EMEA 199,627 37,892 161,735 (16,768) 178,503 Asia Pacific 68,590 35,693 32,897 (13,781) 46,678 Total License Revenues 539,026 180,675 358,351 (26,360) 384,711 Cost of License Revenues 16,645 3,144 13,501 (415) 13,916 GAAP-based License Gross Profit 522,381 177,531 344,850 (25,945) 370,795 GAAP-based License Gross Margin 96.9 96.2 96.4 License Revenues by Geography: Americas 50.2 45.7 41.5 EMEA 37.0 45.1 46.4 Asia Pacific 12.8 9.2 12.1 
 License revenues increased by 180.7 million or 50.4 during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year; up 55.0 after factoring in the unfavorable impact of 16.4 million of foreign exchange rate changes. The increase was primarily driven by incremental License revenues from the Micro Focus Acquisition over the comparative period. Geographically, the overall change was attributable to an increase in Americas of 107.1 million, an increase in EMEA of 37.9 million and an increase in Asia Pacific of 35.7 million. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 During Fiscal 2023, we closed 163 license contracts greater than 0.5 million, of which 71 contracts were greater than 1.0 million, contributing 211.3 million of License revenues. This was compared to 122 license contracts greater than 0.5 million during Fiscal 2022, of which 46 contracts were greater than 1.0 million, contributing 131.7 million of License revenues. 
 Cost of License revenues increased by 3.1 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year as a result of higher third-party technology costs primarily driven by incremental cost of License revenues from the Micro Focus Acquisition over the comparative period. Overall, the gross margin percentage on License revenues increased to 97 from 96 . 
 4) Professional Service and Other: 
 Professional service and other revenues consist of revenues from consulting contracts and contracts to provide implementation, training and integration services (professional services). Other revenues consist of hardware revenues, which are included within the Professional service and other category because they are relatively immaterial to our service revenues. Professional services are typically performed after the purchase of new software licenses. Professional service and other revenues can vary from period to period based on the type of engagements as well as those implementations that are assumed by our partner network. 
 Cost of Professional service and other revenues consists primarily of the costs of providing integration, configuration and training with respect to our various software products. The most significant components of these costs are personnel-related expenses, travel costs and third-party subcontracting. 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Professional Service and Other Revenues: Americas 145,271 20,753 124,518 7,133 117,385 EMEA 142,495 28,539 113,956 (1,391) 115,347 Asia Pacific 42,735 11,698 31,037 3,872 27,165 Total Professional Service and Other Revenues 330,501 60,990 269,511 9,614 259,897 Cost of Professional Service and Other Revenues 276,888 59,993 216,895 19,712 197,183 GAAP-based Professional Service and Other Gross Profit 53,613 997 52,616 (10,098) 62,714 GAAP-based Professional Service and Other Gross Margin 16.2 19.5 24.1 Professional Service and Other Revenues by Geography: Americas 44.0 46.2 45.2 EMEA 43.1 42.3 44.4 Asia Pacific 12.9 11.5 10.4 
 Professional service and other revenues increased by 61.0 million or 22.6 during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year; up 27.7 after factoring in the unfavorable impact of 13.6 million of foreign exchange rate changes. The increase was primarily driven by incremental Professional service and other revenues from the Micro Focus Acquisition over the comparative period. Geographically, the overall change was attributable to an increase in EMEA of 28.5 million, an increase in Americas of 20.8 million and an increase in Asia Pacific of 11.7 million. 
 Cost of Professional service and other revenues increased by 60.0 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. This was primarily due to an increase in labour-related costs of 58.1 million primarily driven by the incremental Professional service and other cost of revenues from the Micro Focus Acquisition over the comparative period. Overall, the gross margin percentage on Professional service and other revenues decreased to 16 from 20 . 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of Acquired Technology-based Intangible Assets 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets 223,184 24,577 198,607 (20,189) 218,796 
 Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets increased during the year ended June 30, 2023 by 24.6 million as compared to the prior fiscal year. This was due to an increase of 91.2 million relating to amortization of newly acquired technology-based intangible assets from the Micro Focus Acquisition, partly offset by a reduction of 68.8 million related to technology-based intangible assets from previous acquisitions becoming fully amortized. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Research and development 680,587 240,139 440,448 19,001 421,447 Sales and marketing 948,598 271,480 677,118 54,897 622,221 General and administrative 419,590 102,505 317,085 53,564 263,521 Depreciation 107,761 19,520 88,241 2,976 85,265 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets 326,406 109,301 217,105 561 216,544 Special charges (recoveries) 169,159 122,286 46,873 45,125 1,748 Total operating expenses 2,652,101 865,231 1,786,870 176,124 1,610,746 of Total Revenues: Research and development 15.2 12.6 12.4 Sales and marketing 21.2 19.4 18.4 General and administrative 9.4 9.1 7.8 Depreciation 2.4 2.5 2.5 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets 7.3 6.2 6.4 Special charges (recoveries) 3.8 1.3 0.1 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and payroll-related benefits expenses, contracted research and development expenses and facility costs. Research and development enables organic growth and improves product stability and functionality, and accordingly, we dedicate extensive efforts to update and upgrade our product offerings. The primary drivers are typically software upgrades and development. 
 Change between Fiscal Years increase (decrease) (In thousands) 
 2023 and 2022 
 2022 and 2021 
 Payroll and payroll-related benefits 152,915 17,070 Contract labour and consulting 14,660 2,576 Share-based compensation 21,964 7,263 Travel and communication 1,363 294 Facilities 45,791 (9,053) Other miscellaneous 3,446 851 Total change in research and development expenses 240,139 19,001 
 Research and development expenses increased by 240.1 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition. Payroll and payroll-related benefits, which is comprised of salaries, benefits and variable short-term incentives, increased by 152.9 million, facility-related expenses increased by 45.8 million, share-based compensation expense increased by 22.0 million and contract labour and consulting increased by 14.7 million. Overall, our research and development expenses, as a percentage of total revenues, increased to 15 compared to the prior fiscal year at 13 . 
 Our research and development labour resources increased by 3,953 employees, from 4,326 employees at June 30, 2022 to 8,279 employees at June 30, 2023. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel expenses and costs associated with advertising, marketing events and trade shows. 
 Change between Fiscal Years increase (decrease) (In thousands) 2023 and 2022 2022 and 2021 Payroll and payroll-related benefits 136,300 38,613 Commissions 38,142 6,993 Contract labour and consulting 7,670 2 Share-based compensation 19,081 4,316 Travel and communication 13,347 3,806 Marketing expenses 29,076 9,579 Facilities 23,168 (3,991) Credit loss expense (recovery) (94) (9,045) Other miscellaneous 4,790 4,624 Total change in sales and marketing expenses 271,480 54,897 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 271.5 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition. Payroll and payroll-related benefits, which is comprised of salaries, benefits and variable short-term incentives, increased by 136.3 million, commissions increased by 38.1 million, marketing expenses increased by 29.1 million, facility-related expenses increased by 23.2 million, share-based compensation expense increased by 19.1 million and travel and communication expenses increased by 13.3 million. Overall, our sales and marketing expenses, as a percentage of total revenues, increased to 21 compared to the prior fiscal year at 19 . 
 Our sales and marketing labour resources increased by 2,105 employees, from 2,710 employees at June 30, 2022 to 4,815 employees at June 30, 2023. 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll and payroll related benefits expenses, related overhead, audit fees, other professional fees, contract labour and consulting expenses and public company costs. 
 Change between Fiscal Years increase (decrease) (In thousands) 2023 and 2022 2022 and 2021 Payroll and payroll-related benefits 50,695 47,831 Contract labour and consulting 15,827 5,294 Share-based compensation 9,856 2,478 Travel and communication 9,106 5,827 Facilities 3,393 322 Other miscellaneous 13,628 (8,188) Total change in general and administrative expenses 102,505 53,564 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 102.5 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition. Payroll and payroll-related benefits, which is comprised of salaries, benefits and variable short-term incentives, increased by 50.7 million, contract labour and consulting increased by 15.8 million, other miscellaneous costs, which include professional fees such as legal, audit, and tax related expenses increased by 13.6 million, share-based compensation expense increased by 9.9 million and travel and communication expenses increased by 9.1 million. Overall, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of total revenues, remained stable at 9 in both fiscal years. 
 Our general and administrative labour resources increased by 1,425 employees, from 1,971 employees at June 30, 2022 to 3,396 employees at June 30, 2023, primarily as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation expenses: 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Depreciation 107,761 19,520 88,241 2,976 85,265 
 Depreciation expenses increased during the year ended June 30, 2023 by 19.5 million compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition. 
 Depreciation expenses as a percentage of total revenue remained stable for the year ended June 30, 2023 at 2 compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets: 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets 326,406 109,301 217,105 561 216,544 
 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets increased during the year ended June 30, 2023 by 109.3 million as compared to the prior fiscal year. This was due to an increase of 111.2 million relating to amortization of newly acquired customer-based intangible assets from the Micro Focus Acquisition, partly offset by a reduction of 9.8 million related to customer-based intangible assets from previous acquisitions becoming fully amortized. 
 Special charges (recoveries): 
 Special charges (recoveries) typically relate to amounts that we expect to pay in connection with restructuring plans, acquisition-related costs and other similar charges and recoveries. Generally, we implement such plans in the context of integrating acquired entities with existing OpenText operations and most recently in response to our return to office planning. Actions related to such restructuring plans are typically completed within a period of one year. In certain limited situations, if the planned activity does not need to be implemented, or an expense lower than anticipated is paid out, we record a recovery of the originally recorded expense to Special charges (recoveries). 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Special charges (recoveries) 169,159 122,286 46,873 45,125 1,748 
 Special charges (recoveries) increased by 122.3 million during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior fiscal year. Restructuring activities increased by 55.5 million driven by the Micro Focus Restructuring Plan, acquisition related costs increased by 42.1 million primarily due to the Micro Focus Acquisition and other miscellaneous charges increased by 24.7 million, primarily driven by severance charges related to the Micro Focus Acquisition. 
 For more details on Special charges (recoveries), see Note 18 Special Charges (Recoveries) to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 The components of other income (expense), net were as follows: 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Foreign exchange gains (losses) (1) 
 56,599 59,269 (2,670) (1,397) (1,273) Unrealized losses on derivatives not designated as hedges (2) 
 (128,841) (128,841) Realized gains on derivatives not designated as hedges (3) 
 137,471 137,471 OpenText share in net income (loss) of equity investees (4) 
 (23,077) (81,779) 58,702 (4,195) 62,897 Loss on debt extinguishment (5)(6) 
 (8,152) 19,261 (27,413) (27,413) Other miscellaneous income (expense) 469 (30) 499 689 (190) Total other income (expense), net 34,469 5,351 29,118 (32,316) 61,434 
 __________________________ 
 (1) The year ended June 30, 2023 includes a foreign exchange gain of 36.6 million resulting from the delayed payment of a portion of the purchase consideration, settled on February 9, 2023, related to the Micro Focus Acquisition (see Note 19 Acquisitions to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 (2) Represents the unrealized losses on our derivatives not designated as hedges related to the financing of the Micro Focus Acquisition (see Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 (3) Represents the realized gains on our derivatives not designated as hedges related to the financing of the Micro Focus Acquisition (see Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 (4) Represents our share in net income (loss) of equity investees, which approximates fair value and subject to volatility based on market trends and business conditions, based on our interest in certain investment funds in which we are a limited partner. Our interests in each of these investees range from 4 to below 20 and these investments are accounted for using the equity method (see Note 9 Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 (5) On December 1, 2022, we amended the Acquisition Term Loan and Bridge Loan to reallocate commitments under the Bridge Loan to the Acquisition Term Loan and terminated all remaining commitments under the Bridge Loan which resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment related to unamortized debt issuance costs (see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 (6) On December 9, 2021, we redeemed the Senior Notes 2026 in full, which resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment of 27.4 million. Of this, 25.0 million related to the early termination call premium, 6.2 million related to unamortized debt issuance costs and 3.8) million related to unamortized premium (see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 Interest and Other Related Expense, Net 
 Interest and other related expense, net is primarily comprised of interest paid and accrued on our debt facilities, offset by interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Interest expense related to total outstanding debt (1) 
 363,632 212,063 151,569 5,923 145,646 Interest income (53,486) (48,849) (4,637) (781) (3,856) Other miscellaneous expense (2) 
 19,282 8,334 10,948 1,171 9,777 Total interest and other related expense, net 329,428 171,548 157,880 6,313 151,567 
 __________________________ 
 (1) For more details see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Other miscellaneous expense primarily consists of the amortization of debt discount and the debt issuance costs. For more details see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Provision for (recovery of) Income Taxes 
 We operate in several tax jurisdictions and are exposed to various foreign tax rates. 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 Change increase (decrease) 2022 Change increase (decrease) 2021 Provision for (recovery of) income taxes 70,767 (47,985) 118,752 (221,154) 339,906 
 The effective tax rate increased to a provision of 32.0 for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to a provision of 23.0 for the year ended June 30, 2022. Tax expense decreased from 118.8 million during the year ended June 30, 2022 to 70.8 million during the year ended June 30, 2023. The increase in the effective tax rate was driven by increases in withholding taxes, changes in valuation allowance, permanent differences related to foreign source income inclusions, and the impact of 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 internal reorganizations, partially offset by lower pretax income, tax credits and permanent adjustments related to the preferential tax treatment of the mark-to-market gains on derivatives. The tax rate for the year ended June 30, 2022 varied from the statutory rate due favorable permanent adjustments related to excess share-based compensation deductions, tax credits, and the reduction in the accrual on unremitted foreign earnings, partially offset by the impact of internal reorganizations and an increase in unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Beginning July 1, 2022, as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 Tax Act ), our research and development expenditures are now being capitalized and amortized. For fiscal year 2023, the new regulations resulted in incremental cash tax payments of approximately 68 million. The actual impact on future cash flows from operations will primarily depend on if or when this legislation is deferred, modified, or repealed by the U.S. Congress and the amount of R D expenditures paid or incurred in those respective years. We estimate the largest potential impact will be related to Fiscal 2023 cash flows fro m operations and that the impact in future years should gradually decrease over the respective amortization periods. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act and Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) and Science Act (the Inflation Reduction Act) were signed into law in August 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act introduced new provisions, including a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax for certain large corporations that have at least an average of 1 billion of adjusted financial statement income over a consecutive three-tax-year period. The corporate minimum tax will be effective for Fiscal 2024. We are currently evaluating the applicability and the effect of the new law to our financial results. 
 For information on certain potential tax contingencies, including the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) matter, see Note 14 Guarantees and Contingencies and Note 15 Income Taxes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Please also see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The following tables set forth changes in cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 
 (In thousands) 
 As of June 30, 2023 Change increase (decrease) As of June 30, 2022 Change increase (decrease) As of June 30, 2021 
 Cash and cash equivalents 1,231,625 (462,116) 1,693,741 86,435 1,607,306 Restricted cash (1) 
 2,327 157 2,170 (324) 2,494 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 1,233,952 (461,959) 1,695,911 86,111 1,609,800 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Restricted cash is classified under the Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets line items on the Consolidated Balance Sheets (see Note 9 Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 Year Ended June 30, (In thousands) 
 2023 Change 2022 Change 2021 Cash provided by operating activities 
 779,205 (202,605) 981,810 105,690 876,120 Cash used in investing activities 
 (5,651,420) (4,680,461) (970,959) (902,189) (68,770) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 4,403,053 4,264,597 138,456 1,063,003 (924,547) 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of balances with banks as well as deposits with original maturities of 90 days or less. 
 We continue to anticipate that our cash and cash equivalents, as well as available credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our anticipated cash requirements for working capital, contractual commitments, capital expenditures, dividends and operating needs for the next twelve months. Any further material or acquisition-related activities may require additional sources of financing and would be subject to the financial covenants established under our credit facilities. For more details, see Long-term Debt and Credit Facilities below. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we have recognized a provision of 28.3 million (June 30, 2022 15.1 million) in respect of deferred income tax liabilities for temporary differences related to the undistributed earnings of certain non-United States subsidiaries and planned periodic repatriations from certain German subsidiaries, that will be subject to withholding taxes upon distribution. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities decreased by 202.6 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year due to a decrease in net changes from working capital of 255.8 million, partially offset by an increase in net income after the impact of non-cash items of 53.2 million. 
 During the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023 we had a days sales outstanding (DSO) of 41 days, compared to our DSO of 43 days during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2022. The per day impact of our DSO in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 on our cash flows was 16.6 million and 10.0 million, respectively. In arriving at DSO, we exclude contract assets as these assets do not provide an unconditional right to the related consideration from the customer. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 Our cash flows used in investing activities is primarily on account of acquisitions and additions of property and equipment. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities increased by 4.68 billion during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year primarily due to consideration paid for acquisitions during Fiscal 2023, which includes cash paid for the Micro Focus Acquisition of 5.658 billion, as compared to the cash paid during Fiscal 2022 for the acquisition of Zix of 856.2 million and the acquisition of Bricata Inc. of 17.8 million. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 
 Our cash flows from financing activities generally consist of long-term debt financing and amounts received from stock options exercised by our employees and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) purchases by our employees. These inflows are typically offset by scheduled and non-scheduled repayments of our long-term debt financing and, when applicable, the payment of dividends and/or repurchases of our Common Shares. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities increased by 4.265 billion during the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. This is primarily due to the net impact of the following activities: 
 (i) 3.427 billion increase in proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt and draw down on the Revolver; 
 (ii) 657.1 million decrease in repayments of long-term debt and Revolver; 
 (iii) 266.7 million related to less cash used in the repurchases of Common Shares and treasury stock; and 
 (iv) 25.0 million relating to early call termination premium upon redemption of Senior Notes 2026 in Fiscal 2022 that did not occur in Fiscal 2023. 
 The increases in cash flows provided by financing activities above were partially offset by the following decreases: 
 (i) 60.7 million increase in debt issuance costs; 
 (ii) 27.9 million related to lower proceeds from the issuance of Common Shares for the exercise of options and the OpenText ESPP; and 
 (iii) 21.9 million related to higher cash dividends paid to shareholders. 
 Cash Dividends 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we declared and paid cash dividends of 0.9720 per Common Share in the aggregate amount of 259.5 million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 0.8836 and 0.7770 per Common Share, respectively, in the aggregate amount of 237.7 million and 210.7 million, respectively). 
 Future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to final determination and discretion of the Board. See Item 5 Dividend Policy included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 Long-term Debt and Credit Facilities 
 Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Notes 
 Senior Notes 2031 
 On November 24, 2021, OpenText Holdings, Inc. (OTHI), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, issued 650 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.125 Senior Notes due 2031 guaranteed by the Company (Senior Notes 2031) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2031 bear interest at a rate of 4.125 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 2022. Senior Notes 2031 will mature on December 1, 2031, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 OTHI may redeem all or a portion of the Senior Notes 2031 at any time prior to December 1, 2026 at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes 2031 plus an applicable premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. OTHI may also redeem up to 40 of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes 2031, on one or more occasions, prior to December 1, 2024, using the net proceeds from certain qualified equity offerings at a redemption price of 104.125 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, subject to compliance with certain conditions. OTHI may, on one or more occasions, redeem the Senior Notes 2031, in whole or in part, at any time on and after December 1, 2026 at the applicable redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the Senior Notes 2031, dated as of November 24, 2021, among OTHI, the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon, as U.S. trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee (the 2031 Indenture), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. 
 If we experience one of the kinds of change of control triggering events specified in the 2031 Indenture, OTHI will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes 2031 at a price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes 2031, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 The 2031 Indenture contains covenants that limit OTHI, the Company and certain of the Company s subsidiaries ability to, among other things: (i) create certain liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (ii) in the case of our non-guarantor subsidiaries, create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of OTHI, the Company or the guarantors without such subsidiary becoming a subsidiary guarantor of Senior Notes 2031; and (iii) consolidate, amalgamate or merge with, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its property and assets substantially as an entirety to, another person. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions as set forth in the 2031 Indenture. The 2031 Indenture also provides for events of default, which, if any of them occurs, may permit or, in certain circumstances, require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then-outstanding Senior Notes 2031 to be due and payable immediately. 
 Senior Notes 2031 are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and the Company s existing and future wholly-owned subsidiaries (other than OTHI) that borrow or guarantee the obligations under our senior credit facilities. Senior Notes 2031 and the guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company s, OTHI s and the guarantors existing and future senior unsubordinated debt and will rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company s, OTHI s and the guarantors future subordinated debt. Senior Notes 2031 and the guarantees will be effectively subordinated to all of the Company s, OTHI s and the guarantors existing and future secured debt, including the obligations under the senior credit facilities, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such secured debt. 
 The foregoing description of the 2031 Indenture does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2031 Indenture, which is filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Senior Notes 2030 
 On February 18, 2020 OTHI, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, issued 900 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.125 Senior Notes due 2030 guaranteed by the Company (Senior Notes 2030) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2030 bear interest at a rate of 4.125 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15, commencing on August 15, 2020. Senior Notes 2030 will mature on February 15, 2030, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 OTHI may redeem all or a portion of the Senior Notes 2030 at any time prior to February 15, 2025 at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes 2030 plus an applicable premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. OTHI may also redeem up to 40 of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes 2030, on one or more occasions, prior to February 15, 2025, using the net proceeds from certain qualified equity offerings at a redemption price of 104.125 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, subject to compliance with certain conditions. OTHI may, on one or more occasions, redeem the Senior Notes 2030, in whole or in part, at any time on and after February 15, 2025 at the applicable redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the Senior Notes 2030, dated as of February 18, 2020, among OTHI, the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon, as U.S. trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee (the 2030 Indenture), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. 
 If we experience one of the kinds of change of control triggering events specified in the 2030 Indenture, OTHI will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes 2030 at a price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes 2030, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. 
 The 2030 Indenture contains covenants that limit the Company, OTHI and certain of the Company s subsidiaries ability to, among other things: (i) create certain liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (ii) in the case of our non-guarantor subsidiaries, create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company, OTHI or the guarantors without such subsidiary becoming a subsidiary guarantor of Senior Notes 2030; and (iii) consolidate, amalgamate or merge with, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its property and assets substantially as an entirety to, another person. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions as set forth in the 2030 Indenture. The 2030 Indenture also provides for events of default, which, if any of them occurs, may permit or, in certain circumstances, require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then-outstanding Senior Notes 2030 to be due and payable immediately. 
 Senior Notes 2030 are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company and the Company s existing and future wholly-owned subsidiaries (other than OTHI) that borrow or guarantee the obligations under our senior credit facilities. Senior Notes 2030 and the guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company, OTHI and the guarantors existing and future senior unsubordinated debt and will rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company, OTHI and the guarantors future subordinated debt. Senior Notes 2030 and the guarantees will be effectively subordinated to all of the Company, OTHI 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 and the guarantors existing and future secured debt, including the obligations under the senior credit facilities, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such secured debt. 
 The foregoing description of the 2030 Indenture does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2030 Indenture, which is filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 18, 2020. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Senior Notes 2029 
 On November 24, 2021, we issued 850 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.875 Senior Notes due 2029 (Senior Notes 2029) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2029 bear interest at a rate of 3.875 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 2022. Senior Notes 2029 will mature on December 1, 2029, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 We may redeem all or a portion of the Senior Notes 2029 at any time prior to December 1, 2024 at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes 2029 plus an applicable premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. We may also redeem up to 40 of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes 2029, on one or more occasions, prior to December 1, 2024, using the net proceeds from certain qualified equity offerings at a redemption price of 103.875 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, subject to compliance with certain conditions. We may, on one or more occasions, redeem the Senior Notes 2029, in whole or in part, at any time on and after December 1, 2024 at the applicable redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the Senior Notes 2029, dated as of November 24, 2021, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon, as U.S. trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee (the 2029 Indenture), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. 
 If we experience one of the kinds of change of control triggering events specified in the 2029 Indenture, we will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes 2029 at a price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes 2029, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. 
 The 2029 Indenture contains covenants that limit our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to, among other things: (i) create certain liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (ii) in the case of our non-guarantor subsidiaries, create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company or the guarantors without such subsidiary becoming a subsidiary guarantor of Senior Notes 2029; and (iii) consolidate, amalgamate or merge with, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its property and assets substantially as an entirety to, another person. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions as set forth in the 2029 Indenture. The 2029 Indenture also provides for events of default, which, if any of them occurs, may permit or, in certain circumstances, require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then-outstanding Senior Notes 2029 to be due and payable immediately. 
 Senior Notes 2029 are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by our existing and future wholly-owned subsidiaries that borrow or guarantee the obligations under our senior credit facilities. Senior Notes 2029 and the guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of our and our guarantors existing and future senior unsubordinated debt and will rank senior in right of payment to all of our and our guarantors future subordinated debt. Senior Notes 2029 and the guarantees will be effectively subordinated to all of our and our guarantors existing and future secured debt, including the obligations under the senior credit facilities, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such secured debt. 
 The foregoing description of the 2029 Indenture does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2029 Indenture, which is filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Senior Notes 2028 
 On February 18, 2020 we issued 900 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.875 Senior Notes due 2028 (Senior Notes 2028) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2028 bear interest at a rate of 3.875 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15, commencing on August 15, 2020. Senior Notes 2028 will mature on February 15, 2028, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 We may redeem all or a portion of the Senior Notes 2028 at any time prior to February 15, 2023 at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes 2028 plus an applicable premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. We may also redeem up to 40 of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes 2028, on one or more occasions, prior to February 15, 2023, using the net proceeds from certain qualified equity offerings at a redemption price of 103.875 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, subject to compliance with certain conditions. We may, on one or more occasions, redeem the Senior Notes 2028, in whole or in part, at any time on and after February 15, 2023 at the applicable redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the Senior Notes 2028, dated as of February 18, 2020, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon, as U.S. trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee (the 2028 Indenture), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. 
 If we experience one of the kinds of change of control triggering events specified in the 2028 Indenture, we will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes 2028 at a price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the Senior Notes 2028, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. 
 The 2028 Indenture contains covenants that limit our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to, among other things: (i) create certain liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (ii) in the case of our non-guarantor subsidiaries, create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company or the guarantors without such subsidiary becoming a subsidiary guarantor of Senior Notes 2028; and (iii) consolidate, amalgamate or merge with, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its property and assets substantially as an entirety to, another person. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions as set forth in the 2028 Indenture. The 2028 Indenture also provides for events of default, which, if any of them occurs, may permit or, in certain circumstances, require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then-outstanding Senior Notes 2028 to be due and payable immediately. 
 Senior Notes 2028 are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by our existing and future wholly-owned subsidiaries that borrow or guarantee the obligations under our senior credit facilities. Senior Notes 2028 and the guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of our and our guarantors existing and future senior unsubordinated debt and will rank senior in right of payment to all of our and our guarantors future subordinated debt. Senior Notes 2028 and the guarantees will be effectively subordinated to all of our and our guarantors existing and future secured debt, including the obligations under the senior credit facilities, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such secured debt. 
 The foregoing description of the 2028 Indenture does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2028 Indenture, which is filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 18, 2020. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Senior Notes 2026 
 On May 31, 2016 we issued 600 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875 Senior Notes due 2026 (Senior Notes 2026) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to certain persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2026 had interest at a rate of 5.875 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, commencing on December 1, 2016. Senior Notes 2026 would have matured on June 1, 2026. 
 On December 20, 2016, we issued an additional 250 million in aggregate principal amount by reopening our Senior Notes 2026 at an issue price of 102.75 . The additional notes had identical terms, were fungible with and were a part of a single series with the previously issued 600 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes 2026. The outstanding aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes 2026, after taking into consideration the additional issuance, was 850 million as of December 9, 2021. 
 On December 9, 2021, we redeemed Senior Notes 2026 in full at a price equal to 102.9375 of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. A portion of the net proceeds from the offerings of Senior Notes 2029 and Senior Notes 2031 was used to redeem Senior Notes 2026. Upon redemption, Senior Notes 2026 were cancelled, and any obligation thereunder was extinguished. The resulting loss of 27.4 million, consisting of 25.0 million 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 relating to the early termination call premium, 6.2 million relating to unamortized debt issuance costs and (3.8) million relating to unamortized premium, has been recorded as a component of Other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 23 Other Income (Expense), Net to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes 
 Senior Secured Notes 2027 
 On December 1, 2022, we issued 1 billion in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes 2027 in connection with the financing of the Micro Focus Acquisition in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Secured Notes 2027 bear interest at a rate of 6.90 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 2023. Senior Secured Notes 2027 will mature on December 1, 2027, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 We may redeem all or a portion of the Senior Secured Notes 2027 at any time prior to November 1, 2027 at a redemption price equal to the greater of (a) 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes 2027 to be redeemed and (b) the net present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon discounted to the Par Call Date less interest accrued to the date of redemption, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. On or after the Par Call Date (as defined in the 2027 Indenture), the Company may redeem the Senior Secured Notes 2027, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes 2027 being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. 
 If we experience one of the kinds of change of control triggering events specified in the indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes 2027 dated as of December 1, 2022, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon, as U.S. trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee (the 2027 Indenture), we will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Secured Notes 2027 at a price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes 2027, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. 
 The 2027 Indenture contains covenants that limit our and certain of the Company s subsidiaries ability to, among other things: (i) create certain liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (ii) create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness of the Company or certain of the Company s subsidiaries without such subsidiary becoming a subsidiary guarantor of the Senior Secured Notes 2027; and (iii) consolidate, amalgamate or merge with, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of the Company s property and assets substantially as an entirety to, another person. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions as set forth in the 2027 Indenture. The 2027 Indenture also provides for certain events of default, which, if any of them occurs, may permit or, in certain circumstances, require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then-outstanding Senior Secured Notes 2027 to be due and payable immediately. 
 The Senior Secured Notes 2027 are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain of the Company s subsidiaries and are secured with the same priority as the Company s senior credit facilities. The Senior Secured Notes 2027 and the related guarantees are effectively senior to all of the Company s and the guarantors senior unsecured debt to the extent of the value of the Collateral (as defined in the 2027 Indenture) and are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of each of the Company s existing and future subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Senior Secured Notes 2027. 
 The foregoing description of the 2027 Indenture does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2027 Indenture, which is filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 1, 2022. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Term Loan B 
 On May 30, 2018, we entered into a credit facility, which provides for a 1 billion term loan facility with certain lenders named therein, Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays), as sole administrative agent and collateral agent, and as lead arranger and joint bookrunner (Term Loan B) and borrowed the full amount on May 30, 2018 to, among other things, repay in full the loans under our prior 800 million term loan credit facility originally entered into on January 16, 2014. Repayments made under Term Loan B are equal to 0.25 of the principal amount in equal quarterly installments for the life of Term Loan B, with the remainder due at maturity. 
 Borrowings under Term Loan B are secured by a first charge over substantially all of our assets on a pari passu basis with the Revolver, the Acquisition Term Loan and Senior Secured Notes 2027. Term Loan B has a seven-year term, maturing in 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 May 2025. On June 6, 2023, we amended the Term Loan B to replace the LIBOR benchmark rate applicable to borrowings under Term Loan B with a SOFR benchmark rate. 
 Borrowings under Term Loan B bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin plus, at the borrower s option, either (1) the SOFR benchmark rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing or (2) an alternate base rate (ABR). The applicable margin for borrowings under Term Loan B is 1.75 , with respect to SOFR advances and 0.75 , with respect to ABR advances. The interest on the current outstanding balance for Term Loan B is equal to 1.75 plus SOFR (subject to a 0.00 floor). As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding balance on the Term Loan B bears an interest rate of 6.90 . 
 Term Loan B has incremental facility capacity of (i) 250 million plus (ii) additional amounts, subject to meeting a consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio not exceeding 2.75:1.00, in each case subject to certain conditions. Consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of our total debt reduced by unrestricted cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, that is secured by our or any of our subsidiaries assets, over our trailing twelve months net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation and other miscellaneous charges. 
 Under Term Loan B, we must maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 4.00:1.00 at the end of each financial quarter. Consolidated net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of our total debt reduced by unrestricted cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, over our trailing twelve months net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation and other miscellaneous charges. As of June 30, 2023, our consolidated net leverage ratio, as calculated in accordance with the applicable agreement, was 3.49:1.00. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Revolver 
 On October 31, 2019, we amended our committed revolving credit facility (the Revolver) to increase the total commitments under the Revolver from 450 million to 750 million as well as to extend the maturity from May 5, 2022 to October 31, 2024. Borrowings under the Revolver are secured by a first charge over substantially all of our assets, on a pari passu basis with Term Loan B, the Acquisition Term Loan and Senior Secured Notes 2027. The Revolver has no fixed repayment date prior to the end of the term. On June 6, 2023, we amended the Revolver to replace the LIBOR benchmark rate applicable to borrowings with a SOFR benchmark rate. Borrowings under the Revolver currently bear interest per annum at a floating rate of interest equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment (as defined in the Revolver) and a fixed margin dependent on our consolidated net leverage ratio ranging from 1.25 to 1.75 . 
 Under the Revolver, we must maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 4.00:1.00 at the end of each financial quarter. Consolidated net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of our total debt reduced by unrestricted cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, over our trailing twelve months net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation and other miscellaneous charges. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had 275 million outstanding balance under the Revolver (June 30, 2022 nil). For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of 10.1 million relating to the Revolver (June 30, 2022 nil). In July 2023, the Company subsequently repaid 175 million drawn under the Revolver. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Acquisition Term Loan 
 On December 1, 2022, we amended our first lien term loan facility (the Acquisition Term Loan), dated as of August 25, 2022, to increase the aggregate commitments under the senior secured delayed-draw term loan facility from an aggregate principal amount of 2.585 billion to an aggregate principal amount of 3.585 billion. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company drew down 3.585 billion, net of original issuance discount of 3 and other fees, of which the net proceeds were used to fund the Micro Focus Acquisition (see Note 19 Acquisitions to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 The Acquisition Term Loan has a seven-year term from the date of funding, and repayments under the Acquisition Term Loan are equal to 0.25 of the principal amount in equal quarterly installments for the life of the Acquisition Term Loan, with the remainder due at maturity. Borrowings under the Acquisition Term Loan currently bear a floating rate of interest equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment (as defined in the Acquisition Term Loan) and applicable margin of 3.50 . As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding balance on the Acquisition Term Loan bears an interest rate of 8.75 . As of June 30, 2023, the Acquisition Term Loan bears an effective interest rate of 9.85 . The effective interest rate includes interest expense of 125.7 million and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of 9.3 million. 
 The Acquisition Term Loan has incremental facility capacity of (i) 250 million plus (ii) additional amounts, subject to meeting a consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio not exceeding 2.75:1.00, in each case subject to certain conditions. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of the Company s total debt reduced by unrestricted cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, that is secured by the Company s or any of the Company s subsidiaries assets, over the Company s trailing four financial quarter net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation and other miscellaneous charges. Under the Acquisition Term Loan, we must maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 4.50:1.00 at the end of each financial quarter. Consolidated net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of the Company s total debt reduced by unrestricted cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, over the Company s trailing four financial quarter net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation and other miscellaneous charges as defined in the Acquisition Term Loan. As of June 30, 2023, our consolidated net leverage ratio, as calculated in accordance with the applicable agreement, was 3.49:1. 
 The Acquisition Term Loan is unconditionally guaranteed by certain subsidiary guarantors, as defined in the Acquisition Term Loan, and is secured by a first charge on substantially all of the assets of the Company and the subsidiary guarantors on a pari passu basis with the Revolver, Term Loan B and the Senior Secured Notes 2027. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of 125.7 million, relating to the Acquisition Term Loan (year ended June 30, 2022 nil). 
 The foregoing description of the Acquisition Term Loan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Acquisition Term Loan, which is filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25, 2022. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Bridge Loan 
 On August 25, 2022, we entered into a bridge loan agreement (Bridge Loan) which provided for commitments of up to 2.0 billion to finance a portion of the repayment of Micro Focus existing debt. On December 1, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Bridge Loan that reallocated commitments under the Bridge Loan to the Acquisition Term Loan. In connection with the amendment to the Bridge Loan and the receipt of proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes 2027, all remaining commitments under the Bridge Loan were reduced to zero and the Bridge Loan was terminated, which resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment of 8.2 million relating to unamortized debt issuance costs (see Note 22 Other Income (Expense), Net to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details). 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had no borrowings under the Bridge Loan. For the year ended June 30, 2023, we did not record any interest expense relating to the Bridge Loan. 
 The foregoing description of the Bridge Loan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Bridge Loan, which is filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25, 2022. 
 For further details relating to our debt, please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Shelf Registration Statement 
 On December 6, 2021, we filed a universal shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, which became effective automatically (the Shelf Registration Statement). The Shelf Registration Statement allows for primary and secondary offerings from time to time of equity, debt and other securities, including Common Shares, Preference Shares, debt securities, depositary shares, warrants, purchase contracts, units and subscription receipts. A short-form base shelf prospectus qualifying the distribution of such securities was concurrently filed with Canadian securities regulators on December 6, 2021. The type of securities and the specific terms thereof will be determined at the time of any offering and will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement to be filed separately with the SEC and Canadian securities regulators. 
 Share Repurchase Plan / Normal Course Issuer Bid 
 On November 5, 2020, the Board authorized a share repurchase plan (the Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan), pursuant to which we were authorized to purchase in open market transactions, from time to time over the 12 month period commencing November 12, 2020, up to an aggregate of 350 million of our Common Shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the TSX and/or other exchanges and alternative trading systems in Canada and/or the United States, if eligible, subject to applicable law and stock exchange rules. The price that we were authorized to pay for Common Shares in open market transactions was the market price at the time of purchase or such other price as was permitted by applicable law or stock exchange rules. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 The Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan was effected in accordance with Rule 10b-18. Purchases made under the Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan were subject to a limit of 13,618,774 shares (representing 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Shares as of November 4, 2020). All Common Shares purchased by us pursuant to the Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan were cancelled. 
 On November 4, 2021, the Board authorized a share repurchase plan (the Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan), pursuant to which we were authorized to purchase in open market transactions, from time to time over the 12 month period commencing November 12, 2021, up to an aggregate of 350 million of our Common Shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the TSX (as part of a Fiscal 2022 Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB)) and/or other exchanges and alternative trading systems in Canada and/or the United States, if eligible, subject to applicable law and stock exchange rules. The price that we paid for Common Shares in open market transactions was the market price at the time of purchase or such other price as was permitted by applicable law or stock exchange rules. 
 The Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan was effected in accordance with Rule 10b-18. All Common Shares purchased by us pursuant to the Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan were cancelled. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we did not repurchase and cancel any Common Shares (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 3,809,559 and 2,500,000 Common Shares for 177.0 million and 119.1 million, respectively). 
 Normal Course Issuer Bid 
 The Company established the Fiscal 2021 NCIB in order to provide it with a means to execute purchases over the TSX as part of the overall Fiscal 2021 Repurchase Plan. 
 The TSX approved the Company s notice of intention to commence the Fiscal 2021 NCIB pursuant to which the Company was authorized to purchase Common Shares over the TSX for the period commencing November 12, 2020 until November 11, 2021 in accordance with the TSX s normal course issuer bid rules, including that such purchases were to be made at prevailing market prices or as otherwise permitted. Under the rules of the TSX, the maximum number of Common Shares that could be purchased in this period was 13,618,774 (representing 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Shares as of November 4, 2020), and the maximum number of Common Shares that could be purchased on a single day was 143,424 Common Shares, which was 25 of 573,699 (the average daily trading volume for the Common Shares on the TSX for the six months ended October 31, 2020), subject to certain exceptions for block purchases, subject in any case to the volume and other limitations under Rule 10b-18. 
 The Company renewed the NCIB in Fiscal 2022 in order to provide it with a means to execute purchases over the TSX as part of the overall Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan. 
 The TSX approved the Company s notice of intention to commence the Fiscal 2022 NCIB pursuant to which the Company was authorized to purchase Common Shares over the TSX for the period commencing November 12, 2021 until November 11, 2022 in accordance with the TSX s normal course issuer bid rules, including that such purchases were to be made at prevailing market prices or as otherwise permitted. Under the rules of the TSX, the maximum number of Common Shares that could be purchased in this period was 13,638,008 (representing 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding Common Shares as of October 31, 2021), and the maximum number of Common Shares that could be purchased on a single day was 112,590 Common Shares, which is 25 of 450,361 (the average daily trading volume for the Common Shares on the TSX for the six months ended October 31, 2021), subject to certain exceptions for block purchases, subject in any case to the volume and other limitations under Rule 10b-18. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Pensions 
 As of June 30, 2023, our total unfunded pension plan obligations were 130.82 million, of which 4.50 million is payable within the next twelve months. We expect to be able to make the long-term and short-term payments related to these obligations in the normal course of operations. 
 Anticipated pension payments under our defined benefit plans for the fiscal years indicated below are as follows: 
 Fiscal years ending June 30, 2024 13,115 2025 13,221 2026 14,258 2027 16,146 2028 17,745 2029 to 2033 102,196 Total 176,681 
 For a detailed discussion on pensions, see Note 12 Pension Plans and Other Post Retirement Benefits to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 As of June 30, 2023, we have entered into the following contractual obligations with minimum payments for the indicated fiscal periods as follows: 
 Payments due between Total July 1, 2023 - June 30, 2024 July 1, 2024 - June 30, 2026 July 1, 2026 - June 30, 2028 July 1, 2028 and beyond Long-term debt obligations (1) 
 12,424,286 648,414 2,373,260 2,948,038 6,454,574 Operating lease obligations (2) 
 411,394 105,685 144,062 90,267 71,380 Finance lease obligations (3) 
 11,482 5,712 5,311 459 Purchase obligations for contracts not accounted for as lease obligations 176,440 52,588 108,346 15,506 13,023,602 812,399 2,630,979 3,054,270 6,525,954 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes interest up to maturity and principal payments. Please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 (2) Represents the undiscounted future minimum lease payments under our operating leases liabilities and excludes sublease income expected to be received under our various sublease agreements with third parties. Please see Note 6 Leases to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 (3) Represents the undiscounted future minimum lease payments under our financing leases liabilities and excludes sublease income expected to be received under our various sublease agreements with third parties. Please see Note 6 Leases to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 We have entered into customer agreements which may include provisions to indemnify our customers against third party claims that our software products or services infringe certain third-party intellectual property rights and for liabilities related to a breach of our confidentiality obligations. We have not made any material payments in relation to such indemnification provisions and have not accrued any liabilities related to these indemnification provisions in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Occasionally, we enter into financial guarantees with third parties in the ordinary course of our business, including, among others, guarantees relating to taxes and letters of credit on behalf of parties with whom we conduct business. Such agreements have not had a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Litigation 
 We are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. 
 Quarterly, we review the status of each significant legal matter and evaluate such matters to determine how they should be treated for accounting and disclosure purposes in accordance with the requirements of ASC Topic 450-20 Loss Contingencies (Topic 450-20). Specifically, this evaluation process includes the centralized tracking and itemization of the status of all our disputes and litigation items, discussing the nature of any litigation and claim, including any dispute or claim that is reasonably likely to result in litigation, with relevant internal and external counsel, and assessing the progress of each matter in light of its merits and our experience with similar proceedings under similar circumstances. 
 If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss in accordance with Topic 450-20. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the aggregate of such accrued liabilities was not material to our consolidated financial position or results of operations and we do not believe as of the date of this filing that it is reasonably possible that a loss exceeding the amounts already recognized will be incurred that would be material to our consolidated financial position or results of operations. As described more fully below, we are unable at this time to estimate a possible loss or range of losses in respect of certain disclosed matters. 
 Contingencies 
 CRA Matter 
 As part of its ongoing audit of our Canadian tax returns, the CRA has disputed our transfer pricing methodology used for certain intercompany transactions with our international subsidiaries and has issued notices of reassessment for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016. Assuming the utilization of available tax attributes (further described below), we estimate our potential aggregate liability, as of June 30, 2023, in connection with the CRA s reassessments for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016, to be limited to penalties, interest and provincial taxes that may be due of approximately 76 million. As of June 30, 2023, we have provisionally paid approximately 33 million in order to fully preserve our rights to object to the CRA s audit positions, being the minimum payment required under Canadian legislation while the matter is in dispute. This amount is recorded within Long-term income taxes recoverable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023. 
 The notices of reassessment for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016 would, as drafted, increase our taxable income by approximately 90 million to 100 million for each of those years, as well as impose a 10 penalty on the proposed adjustment to income. Audits by the CRA of our tax returns for fiscal years prior to Fiscal 2012 have been completed with no reassessment of our income tax liability. 
 We strongly disagree with the CRA s positions and believe the reassessments of Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016 (including any penalties) are without merit, and we are continuing to contest these reassessments. On June 30, 2022, we filed a notice of appeal with the Tax Court of Canada seeking to reverse all such reassessments (including penalties) in full and the customary court process is ongoing. 
 Even if we are unsuccessful in challenging the CRA s reassessments to increase our taxable income for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016, we have elective deductions available for those years (including carry-backs from later years) that would offset such increased amounts so that no additional cash tax would be payable, exclusive of any assessed penalties and interest, as described above. 
 The CRA has audited Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 on a basis that we strongly disagree with and are contesting. The focus of the CRA audit has been the valuation of certain intellectual property and goodwill when one of our subsidiaries continued into Canada from Luxembourg in July 2016. In accordance with applicable rules, these assets were recognized for tax purposes at fair market value as of that time, which value was supported by an expert valuation prepared by an independent leading accounting and advisory firm. CRA s position for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 relies in significant part on the application of its positions regarding our transfer pricing methodology that are the basis for its reassessment of our fiscal years 2012 to 2016 described above, and that we believe are without merit. Other aspects of CRA s position for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 conflict with the expert valuation prepared by the independent leading accounting and advisory firm that was used to support our original filing position. The CRA issued notices of reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 on a basis consistent with its proposal to reduce the available depreciable basis of these assets in Canada. On April 19, 2022, we filed our notice of objection regarding the reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2017 and on March 15, 2023, we filed our notice of objection regarding the reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2018. If we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position, the estimated impact of the proposed adjustment could result in us recording an income tax expense, with no immediate cash payment, to reduce the stated value of our deferred tax assets of up to approximately 470 million. Any such income tax expense could also have a corresponding cash tax impact that would primarily occur over a period of several future years based upon annual 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 income realization in Canada. We strongly disagree with the CRA s position for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 and intend to vigorously defend our original filing position. We are not required to provisionally pay any cash amounts to the CRA as a result of the reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 due to the utilization of available tax attributes; however, to the extent the CRA reassesses subsequent fiscal years on a similar basis, we expect to make certain minimum payments required under Canadian legislation, which may need to be provisionally made starting in Fiscal 2024 while the matter is in dispute. 
 We will continue to vigorously contest the adjustments to our taxable income and any penalty and interest assessments, as well as any reduction to the basis of our depreciable property. We are confident that our original tax filing positions were appropriate. Accordingly, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not recorded any accruals in respect of these reassessments or proposed reassessment in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The CRA is auditing Fiscal 2019, and may reassess Fiscal 2019 on a similar basis as Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018. The CRA is also in preliminary stages of auditing Fiscal 2020. 
 Carbonite Class Action Complaint 
 On August 1, 2019, prior to our acquisition of Carbonite, a purported stockholder of Carbonite filed a putative class action complaint against Carbonite, its former Chief Executive Officer, Mohamad S. Ali, and its former Chief Financial Officer, Anthony Folger, in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts captioned Ruben A. Luna, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Carbonite, Inc., Mohamad S. Ali, and Anthony Folger (No. 1:19-cv-11662-LTS) (the Luna Complaint). The complaint alleges violations of the federal securities laws under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The complaint generally alleges that the defendants made materially false and misleading statements in connection with Carbonite s Server Backup VM Edition, and seeks, among other things, the designation of the action as a class action, an award of unspecified compensatory damages, costs and expenses, including counsel fees and expert fees, and other relief as the court deems appropriate. On August 23, 2019, a nearly identical complaint was filed in the same court captioned William Feng, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Carbonite, Inc., Mohamad S. Ali, and Anthony Folger (No. 1:19- cv-11808-LTS) (together with the Luna Complaint, the Securities Actions). On November 21, 2019, the district court consolidated the Securities Actions, appointed a lead plaintiff, and designated a lead counsel. On January 15, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed a consolidated amended complaint generally making the same allegations and seeking the same relief as the complaint filed on August 1, 2019. The defendants moved to dismiss the Securities Actions on March 10, 2020. On October 22, 2020, the district court granted with prejudice the defendants motion to dismiss the Securities Actions. On November 20, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. On December 21, 2021, the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit issued a decision reversing and remanding the Securities Actions to the district court for further proceedings. The parties have completed discovery and defendants have filed a motion for summary judgment. The defendants remain confident in their position, believe the Securities Actions are without merit, and will continue to vigorously defend the matter. 
 Carbonite vs Realtime Data 
 On February 27, 2017, before our acquisition of Carbonite, a non-practicing entity named Realtime Data LLC (Realtime Data) filed a lawsuit against Carbonite in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas captioned Realtime Data LLC v. Carbonite, Inc. et al (No 6:17-cv-00121-RWS-JDL). Therein, it alleged that certain of Carbonite s cloud storage services infringe upon certain patents held by Realtime Data. Realtime Data s complaint against Carbonite sought damages in an unspecified amount and injunctive relief. On December 19, 2017, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas transferred the case to the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts (No. 1:17-cv-12499). Realtime Data has also filed numerous other patent suits on the same asserted patents against other companies. After a stay pending appeal in one of those suits, on January 21, 2021, the district court held a hearing to construe the claims of the asserted patents. As to the fourth patent asserted against Carbonite, on September 24, 2019, the U.S. Patent Trademark Office Patent Trial and Appeal Board invalidated certain claims of that patent, including certain claims that had been asserted against Carbonite. The parties then jointly stipulated to dismiss that patent from this action. On August 23, 2021, in one of the suits against other companies, the District of Delaware (No. 1:17-cv-800), held all of the patents asserted against Carbonite to be invalid. Realtime Data has appealed that decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. We continue to vigorously defend the matter, and the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts has issued a claim construction order. We have not accrued a loss contingency related to this matter because litigation related to a non-practicing entity is inherently unpredictable. Although a loss is reasonably possible, an unfavorable outcome is not considered by management to be probable at this time and we remain unable to reasonably estimate a possible loss or range of loss associated with this litigation. 
 Other Matters 
 Please also see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2023, as well as Note 15 Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K related to certain historical matters arising prior to the Micro Focus Acquisition. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not enter into off-balance sheet financing as a matter of practice, except for guarantees relating to taxes and letters of credit on behalf of parties with whom we conduct business. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company provides certain financial measures that are not in accordance with U.S. GAAP (Non-GAAP). These Non-GAAP financial measures have certain limitations in that they do not have a standardized meaning and thus the Company s definition may be different from similar Non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies and/or analysts and may differ from period to period. Thus, it may be more difficult to compare the Company s financial performance to that of other companies. However, the Company s management compensates for these limitations by providing the relevant disclosure of the items excluded in the calculation of these Non-GAAP financial measures both in its reconciliation to the U.S. GAAP financial measures and its Consolidated Financial Statements, all of which should be considered when evaluating the Company s results. 
 The Company uses these Non-GAAP financial measures to supplement the information provided in its Consolidated Financial Statements, which are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The presentation of Non-GAAP financial measures is not meant to be a substitute for financial measures presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, but rather should be evaluated in conjunction with and as a supplement to such U.S. GAAP measures. OpenText strongly encourages investors to review its financial information in its entirety and not to rely on a single financial measure. The Company therefore believes that despite these limitations, it is appropriate to supplement the disclosure of the U.S. GAAP measures with certain Non-GAAP measures defined below. 
 Non-GAAP-based net income and Non-GAAP-based EPS, attributable to OpenText, are consistently calculated as GAAP-based net income or earnings (loss) per share, attributable to OpenText, on a diluted basis, excluding the effects of the amortization of acquired intangible assets, other income (expense), share-based compensation, and special charges (recoveries), all net of tax and any tax benefits/expense items unrelated to current period income, as further described in the tables below. Non-GAAP-based gross profit is the arithmetical sum of GAAP-based gross profit and the amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets and share-based compensation within cost of sales. Non-GAAP-based gross margin is calculated as Non-GAAP-based gross profit expressed as a percentage of total revenue. Non-GAAP-based income from operations is calculated as GAAP-based income from operations, excluding the amortization of acquired intangible assets, special charges (recoveries), and share-based compensation expense. 
 Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (Adjusted EBITDA) is consistently calculated as GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText, excluding interest income (expense), provision for (recovery of) income taxes, depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets, other income (expense), share-based compensation and special charges (recoveries). 
 The Company s management believes that the presentation of the above defined Non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors because they portray the financial results of the Company before the impact of certain non-operational charges. The use of the term non-operational charge is defined for this purpose as an expense that does not impact the ongoing operating decisions taken by the Company s management. These items are excluded based upon the way the Company s management evaluates the performance of the Company s business for use in the Company s internal reports and are not excluded in the sense that they may be used under U.S. GAAP. 
 The Company does not acquire businesses on a predictable cycle, and therefore believes that the presentation of Non-GAAP measures, which in certain cases adjust for the impact of amortization of intangible assets and the related tax effects that are primarily related to acquisitions, will provide readers of financial statements with a more consistent basis for comparison across accounting periods and be more useful in helping readers understand the Company s operating results and underlying operational trends. Additionally, the Company has engaged in various restructuring activities over the past several years, primarily due to acquisitions and most recently in response to our return to office planning, that have resulted in costs associated with reductions in headcount, consolidation of leased facilities and related costs, all which are recorded under the Company s Special charges (recoveries) caption on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Each restructuring activity is a discrete event based on a unique set of business objectives or circumstances, and each differs in terms of its operational implementation, business impact and scope, and the size of each restructuring plan can vary significantly from period to period. Therefore, the Company believes that the exclusion of these special charges (recoveries) will also better aid readers of financial statements in the understanding and comparability of the Company s operating results and underlying operational trends. 
 In summary, the Company believes the provision of supplemental Non-GAAP measures allow investors to evaluate the operational and financial performance of the Company s core business using the same evaluation measures that management uses, and is therefore a useful indication of OpenText s performance or expected performance of future operations and facilitates period-to-period comparison of operating performance (although prior performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance). As a result, the Company considers it appropriate and reasonable to provide, in addition to U.S. GAAP measures, supplementary Non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items from the presentation of its financial results. 
 The following charts provide unaudited reconciliations of U.S. GAAP-based financial measures to Non-GAAP-based financial measures for the following periods presented. The Micro Focus Acquisition significantly impacts period-over-period comparability. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of selected GAAP-based measures to Non-GAAP-based measures 
 for the year ended June 30, 2023 
 (In thousands, except for per share data) 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 GAAP-based Measures GAAP-based Measures of Total Revenue Adjustments Note Non-GAAP-based Measures Non-GAAP-based Measures of Total Revenue Cost of revenues Cloud services and subscriptions 590,165 (10,664) (1) 579,501 Customer support 209,705 (3,627) (1) 206,078 Professional service and other 276,888 (6,998) (1) 269,890 Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets 223,184 (223,184) (2) GAAP-based gross profit and gross margin ) / Non-GAAP-based gross profit and gross margin ) 3,168,393 70.6 244,473 (3) 3,412,866 76.1 Operating expenses Research and development 680,587 (39,065) (1) 641,522 Sales and marketing 948,598 (41,710) (1) 906,888 General and administrative 419,590 (28,238) (1) 391,352 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets 326,406 (326,406) (2) Special charges (recoveries) 169,159 (169,159) (4) GAAP-based income from operations / Non-GAAP-based income from operations 
 516,292 849,051 (5) 1,365,343 Other income (expense), net 34,469 (34,469) (6) Provision for income taxes 
 70,767 74,261 (7) 145,028 GAAP-based net income / Non-GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 150,379 740,321 (8) 890,700 GAAP-based EPS / Non-GAAP-based EPS-diluted, attributable to OpenText 0.56 2.73 (8) 3.29 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of share-based compensation expense from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as this expense is excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. 
 (2) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of amortization expense from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as the timing and frequency of amortization expense is dependent on our acquisitions and is hence excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. 
 (3) GAAP-based and Non-GAAP-based gross profit stated in dollars and gross margin stated as a percentage of total revenue. 
 (4) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of special charges (recoveries) from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as special charges (recoveries) are generally incurred in the periods relevant to an acquisition and include certain charges or recoveries that are not indicative or related to continuing operations and are therefore excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. See Note 18 Special Charges (Recoveries) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 (5) GAAP-based and Non-GAAP-based income from operations stated in dollars. 
 (6) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of other income (expense) from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as other income (expense) generally relates to the transactional impact of foreign exchange and is generally not indicative or related to continuing operations and is therefore excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. Other income (expense) also includes our share of income (losses) from our holdings in investments as a limited partner. We do not actively trade equity securities in these privately held companies nor do we plan our ongoing operations based around any anticipated fundings or distributions from these investments. We exclude gains and losses on these investments as we do not believe they are reflective of our ongoing business and operating results. Other income (expense) also includes unrealized and realized gains (losses) on our derivatives which are not designated as hedges. We exclude gains and losses on these derivatives as we do not believe they are reflective of our ongoing business and operating results. 
 (7) Adjustment relates to differences between the GAAP-based tax provision rate of approximately 32 and a Non-GAAP-based tax rate of approximately 14 ; these rate differences are due to the income tax effects of items that are excluded for the purpose of calculating Non-GAAP-based net income. Such excluded items include amortization, share-based compensation, special charges (recoveries) and other income (expense), net. Also excluded are tax benefits/expense items unrelated to current period income such as changes in reserves for tax uncertainties and valuation allowance reserves and book to return adjustments for tax return filings and tax assessments. Included is the amount of net tax benefits arising from the internal reorganization that occurred in Fiscal 2017 assumed to be allocable to the current period based on the forecasted utilization period. In arriving at our Non-GAAP-based tax rate of approximately 14 , we analyzed the individual adjusted expenses and took into consideration the impact of statutory tax rates from local jurisdictions incurring the expense. 

81 

Table of Contents 

 (8) Reconciliation of GAAP-based net income to Non-GAAP-based net income: 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 Per share diluted GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 150,379 0.56 Add: Amortization 549,590 2.03 Share-based compensation 130,302 0.48 Special charges (recoveries) 169,159 0.63 Other (income) expense, net (34,469) (0.13) GAAP-based provision for income taxes 
 70,767 0.26 Non-GAAP-based recovery of income taxes 
 (145,028) (0.54) Non-GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 890,700 3.29 
 Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 150,379 Add: Provision for income taxes 
 70,767 Interest and other related expense, net 329,428 Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets 223,184 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets 326,406 Depreciation 107,761 Share-based compensation 130,302 Special charges (recoveries) 169,159 Other (income) expense, net (34,469) Adjusted EBITDA 1,472,917 

82 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of selected GAAP-based measures to Non-GAAP-based measures 
 for the year ended June 30, 2022 
 (In thousands, except for per share data) 
 Year Ended June 30, 2022 GAAP-based Measures GAAP-based Measures of Total Revenue Adjustments Note Non-GAAP-based Measures Non-GAAP-based Measures of Total Revenue Cost of revenues Cloud services and subscriptions 511,713 (5,285) (1) 506,428 Customer support 121,485 (2,399) (1) 119,086 Professional service and other 216,895 (3,740) (1) 213,155 Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets 198,607 (198,607) (2) GAAP-based gross profit and gross margin ) / Non-GAAP-based gross profit and gross margin ) 2,431,643 69.6 210,031 (3) 2,641,674 75.6 Operating expenses Research and development 440,448 (17,122) (1) 423,326 Sales and marketing 677,118 (22,628) (1) 654,490 General and administrative 317,085 (18,382) (1) 298,703 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets 217,105 (217,105) (2) Special charges (recoveries) 46,873 (46,873) (4) GAAP-based income from operations / Non-GAAP-based income from operations 
 644,773 532,141 (5) 1,176,914 Other income (expense), net 29,118 (29,118) (6) Provision for income taxes 
 118,752 23,913 (7) 142,665 GAAP-based net income / Non-GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 397,090 479,110 (8) 876,200 GAAP-based EPS / Non-GAAP-based EPS-diluted, attributable to OpenText 1.46 1.76 (8) 3.22 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of share-based compensation expense from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as this expense is excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. 
 (2) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of amortization expense from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as the timing and frequency of amortization expense is dependent on our acquisitions and is hence excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. 
 (3) GAAP-based and Non-GAAP-based gross profit stated in dollars and gross margin stated as a percentage of total revenue. 
 (4) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of special charges (recoveries) from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as special charges (recoveries) are generally incurred in the periods relevant to an acquisition and include certain charges or recoveries that are not indicative or related to continuing operations and are therefore excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. See Note 18 Special Charges (Recoveries) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 (5) GAAP-based and Non-GAAP-based income from operations stated in dollars. 
 (6) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of other income (expense) from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as other income (expense) generally relates to the transactional impact of foreign exchange and is generally not indicative or related to continuing operations and is therefore excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. Other income (expense) also includes our share of income (losses) from our holdings in investments as a limited partner. We do not actively trade equity securities in these privately held companies nor do we plan our ongoing operations based around any anticipated fundings or distributions from these investments. We exclude gains and losses on these investments as we do not believe they are reflective of our ongoing business and operating results. 
 (7) Adjustment relates to differences between the GAAP-based tax provision rate of approximately 23 and a Non-GAAP-based tax rate of approximately 14 ; these rate differences are due to the income tax effects of items that are excluded for the purpose of calculating Non-GAAP-based net income. Such excluded items include amortization, share-based compensation, special charges (recoveries) and other income (expense), net. Also excluded are tax benefits/expense items unrelated to current period income such as changes in reserves for tax uncertainties and valuation allowance reserves and book to return adjustments for tax return filings and tax assessments. Included is the amount of net tax benefits arising from the internal reorganization that occurred in Fiscal 2017 assumed to be allocable to the current period based on the forecasted utilization period. In arriving at our Non-GAAP-based tax rate of approximately 14 , we analyzed the individual adjusted expenses and took into consideration the impact of statutory tax rates from local jurisdictions incurring the expense. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 (8) Reconciliation of GAAP-based net income to Non-GAAP-based net income: 
 Year Ended June 30, 2022 Per share diluted GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 397,090 1.46 Add: Amortization 415,712 1.52 Share-based compensation 69,556 0.26 Special charges (recoveries) 46,873 0.17 Other (income) expense, net (29,118) (0.11) GAAP-based provision for income taxes 
 118,752 0.44 Non-GAAP-based recovery of income taxes 
 (142,665) (0.52) Non-GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 876,200 3.22 
 Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA 
 Year Ended June 30, 2022 GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 397,090 Add: Provision for income taxes 
 118,752 Interest and other related expense, net 157,880 Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets 198,607 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets 217,105 Depreciation 88,241 Share-based compensation 69,556 Special charges (recoveries) 46,873 Other (income) expense, net (29,118) Adjusted EBITDA 1,264,986 

84 

Table of Contents 

 Reconciliation of selected GAAP-based measures to Non-GAAP-based measures 
 for the year ended June 30, 2021 
 (In thousands, except for per share data) 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 
 GAAP-based Measures GAAP-based Measures of Total Revenue Adjustments Note Non-GAAP-based Measures Non-GAAP-based Measures of Total Revenue Cost of revenues Cloud services and subscriptions 481,818 (3,419) (1) 478,399 Customer support 122,753 (1,910) (1) 120,843 Professional service and other 197,183 (2,565) (1) 194,618 Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets 218,796 (218,796) (2) GAAP-based gross profit and gross margin ) / Non-GAAP-based gross profit and gross margin ) 2,351,649 69.4 226,690 (3) 2,578,339 76.1 Operating expenses Research and development 421,447 (9,859) (1) 411,588 Sales and marketing 622,221 (18,312) (1) 603,909 General and administrative 263,521 (15,904) (1) 247,617 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets 216,544 (216,544) (2) Special charges (recoveries) 1,748 (1,748) (4) GAAP-based income from operations / Non-GAAP-based income from operations 
 740,903 489,057 (5) 1,229,960 Other income (expense), net 61,434 (61,434) (6) Provision for income taxes 
 339,906 (188,931) (7) 150,975 GAAP-based net income / Non-GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 310,672 616,554 (8) 927,226 GAAP-based EPS/ Non-GAAP-based EPS-diluted, attributable to OpenText 1.14 2.25 (8) 3.39 
 __________________________ 
 (1) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of share-based compensation expense from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as this expense is excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. 
 (2) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of amortization expense from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as the timing and frequency of amortization expense is dependent on our acquisitions and is hence excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. 
 (3) GAAP-based and Non-GAAP-based gross profit stated in dollars and gross margin stated as a percentage of total revenue. 
 (4) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of special charges (recoveries) from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as special charges (recoveries) are generally incurred in the periods relevant to an acquisition and include certain charges or recoveries that are not indicative or related to continuing operations and are therefore excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. See Note 18 Special Charges (Recoveries) to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 (5) GAAP-based and Non-GAAP-based income from operations stated in dollars. 
 (6) Adjustment relates to the exclusion of other income (expense) from our Non-GAAP-based operating expenses as other income (expense) generally relates to the transactional impact of foreign exchange and is generally not indicative or related to continuing operations and is therefore excluded from our internal analysis of operating results. Other income (expense) also includes our share of income (losses) from our holdings in investments as a limited partner. We do not actively trade equity securities in these privately held companies nor do we plan our ongoing operations based around any anticipated fundings or distributions from these investments. We exclude gains and losses on these investments as we do not believe they are reflective of our ongoing business and operating results. 
 (7) Adjustment relates to differences between the GAAP-based tax provision rate of approximately 52 and a Non-GAAP-based tax rate of approximately 14 ; these rate differences are due to the income tax effects of items that are excluded for the purpose of calculating Non-GAAP-based net income. Such excluded items include amortization, share-based compensation, special charges (recoveries) and other income (expense), net. Also excluded are tax benefits/expense items unrelated to current period income such as changes in reserves for tax uncertainties and valuation allowance reserves and book to return adjustments for tax return filings and tax assessments. Included is the amount of net tax benefits arising from the internal reorganization that occurred in Fiscal 2017 assumed to be allocable to the current period based on the forecasted utilization period. In arriving at our Non-GAAP-based tax rate of approximately 14 , we analyzed the individual adjusted expenses and took into consideration the impact of statutory tax rates from local jurisdictions incurring the expense. The GAAP-based tax provision rate for the year ended June 30, 2021 includes an income tax provision charge from IRS settlements partially offset by a tax benefit from the release of unrecognized tax benefits due to the conclusion of relevant tax audits that was recognized during the second quarter of Fiscal 2021. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 (8) Reconciliation of GAAP-based net income to Non-GAAP-based net income: 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 Per share diluted GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 310,672 1.14 Add: Amortization 435,340 1.59 Share-based compensation 51,969 0.19 Special charges (recoveries) 1,748 0.01 Other (income) expense, net (61,434) (0.22) GAAP-based provision for income taxes 
 339,906 1.23 Non-GAAP-based recovery of income taxes 
 (150,975) (0.55) Non-GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 927,226 3.39 
 Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA 
 Year Ended June 30, 2021 GAAP-based net income, attributable to OpenText 
 310,672 Add: Provision for income taxes 
 339,906 Interest and other related expense, net 151,567 Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets 218,796 Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets 216,544 Depreciation 85,265 Share-based compensation 51,969 Special charges (recoveries) 1,748 Other (income) expense, net (61,434) Adjusted EBITDA 1,315,033 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are primarily exposed to market risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates on our term loans, revolving loans and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Interest rate risk 
 Our exposure to interest rate fluctuations relates primarily to our Term Loan B, Revolver and Acquisition Term Loan. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had an outstanding balance of 947.5 million on the Term Loan B. Borrowings under the Term Loan B currently bear a floating rate of interest equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment (as defined in the Term Loan B) and applicable margin of 1.75 . As of June 30, 2023, an adverse change of 100 basis points on the interest rate would have the effect of increasing our annual interest payment on Term Loan B by approximately 9.5 million, assuming that the loan balance as of June 30, 2023 is outstanding for the entire period (June 30, 2022 9.6 million). 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had an outstanding balance of 275 million under the Revolver. Borrowings under the Revolver currently bear interest per annum at a floating rate of interest equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment (as defined in the Revolver) and a fixed margin dependent on our consolidated net leverage ratio ranging from 1.25 to 1.75 . As of June 30, 2023, an adverse change of 100 basis points on the interest rate would have the effect of increasing our annual interest payment on the Revolver by approximately 2.8 million, assuming the loan balance as of June 30, 2023 is outstanding for the entire period (June 30, 2022 nil). 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 As of June 30, 2023, we had an outstanding balance of 3.6 billion under the Acquisition Term Loan. Borrowings under the Acquisition Term Loan currently bear a floating rate of interest equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment (as defined in the Acquisition Term Loan) and applicable margin of 3.50 . As of June 30, 2023, an adverse change of 100 basis points on the interest rate would have the effect of increasing our annual interest payment on the Acquisition Term Loan by approximately 35.7 million, assuming that the loan balance as of June 30, 2023 is outstanding for the entire period (June 30, 2022 nil). 
 Foreign currency risk 
 Foreign currency transaction risk 
 We transact business in various foreign currencies. Our foreign currency exposures typically arise from intercompany fees, intercompany loans and other intercompany transactions that are expected to be cash settled in the near term and are transacted in non-functional currency. We expect that we will continue to realize gains or losses with respect to our foreign currency exposures. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to foreign currency exposures will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates. We have hedged certain of our Canadian dollar foreign currency exposures relating to our payroll expenses in Canada. 
 Based on the CAD foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding as of June 30, 2023, a one cent change in the Canadian dollar to U.S. dollar exchange rate would have caused a change of 0.7 million in the mark-to-market valuation on our existing foreign exchange forward contracts (June 30, 2022 0.5 million). 
 Additionally, in connection with the Micro Focus Acquisition, in August 2022, we entered into certain derivative transactions to meet certain foreign currency obligations related to the purchase price of the Micro Focus Acquisition, mitigate the risk of foreign currency appreciation in the GBP denominated purchase price and mitigate the risk of foreign currency appreciation in the EUR denominated existing debt held by Micro Focus. We entered into the following derivatives: (i) three deal-contingent forward contracts, (ii) a non-contingent forward contract, and (iii) EUR/USD cross currency swaps. In connection with the closing of the Micro Focus Acquisition the deal-contingent forward and non-deal contingent forward contracts were settled and we designated the 7-year EUR/USD cross currency swaps as net investment hedges. 
 Based on the 5-year EUR/USD cross currency swaps outstanding as of June 30, 2023, a one cent change in the Euro to U.S. dollar forward exchange rate would have caused a change of 7.3 million in the mark-to-market valuation on our existing cross currency swap (June 30, 2022 nil). 
 Based on the 7-year EUR/USD cross currency swaps outstanding as of June 30, 2023, a one cent change in the Euro to U.S. dollar forward exchange rate would have caused a change of 7.8 million in the mark-to-market valuation on our existing cross currency swaps (June 30, 2022 nil). 
 Foreign currency translation risk 
 Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currencies impact the amount of total assets and liabilities that we report for our foreign subsidiaries upon the translation of these amounts into U.S. dollars. In particular, the amount of cash and cash equivalents that we report in U.S. dollars for a significant portion of the cash held by these subsidiaries is subject to translation variance caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as of the end of each respective reporting period (the offset to which is recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on our Consolidated Balance Sheets). 
 The following table shows our cash and cash equivalents denominated in certain major foreign currencies as of June 30, 2023 (equivalent in U.S. dollar): 
 (In thousands) U.S. Dollar 
 Equivalent at 
 June 30, 2023 
 U.S. Dollar 
 Equivalent at 
 June 30, 2022 
 Euro 200,282 254,546 British Pound 69,108 44,020 Indian Rupee 57,199 38,247 Swiss Franc 53,122 48,674 Other foreign currencies 218,663 103,453 Total cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies 598,374 488,940 U.S. Dollar 633,251 1,204,801 Total cash and cash equivalents 1,231,625 1,693,741 
 If overall foreign currency exchange rates in comparison to the U.S. dollar uniformly weakened by 10 , the amount of 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 cash and cash equivalents we would report in equivalent U.S. dollars would decrease by 59.8 million (June 30, 2022 48.9 million), assuming we have not entered into any derivatives discussed above under Foreign Currency Transaction Risk. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The response to this Item 8 is submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part IV, Item 15. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (A) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of June 30, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file under the Exchange Act (according to Rule 13(a)-15(e)) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (B) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (ICFR), as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). ICFR is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. ICFR includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorizations of our management and our directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Our management assessed our ICFR as of June 30, 2023, the end of our most recent fiscal year. In making our assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Our management has excluded the ICFR of Micro Focus, which we acquired on January 31, 2023 as discussed in Note 19 Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Total revenues subject to Micro Focus ICFR represented 21.8 of our consolidated total revenues for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Total assets subject to Micro Focus ICFR represented 47.6 of our consolidated total assets as of June 30, 2023 (of which 6.8 billion, or 39.6 of our consolidated total assets, represents Micro Focus goodwill and net intangible assets subject to our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023). Under guidelines established by the SEC, companies are permitted to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of ICFR for a period of up to one year following an acquisition while integrating the acquired company. 
 Based on the results of our evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our ICFR was effective as of June 30, 2023. The results of our management s assessment were reviewed with our Audit Committee and the conclusion that our ICFR was effective as of June 30, 2023 has been audited by KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report. 
 Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our ICFR will prevent or detect all error or all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Any evaluation of prospective control effectiveness, with respect to future periods, is subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 (C) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report under Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standards AS 2201 on the effectiveness of our ICFR. See Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (D) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICFR) 
 Based on the evaluation completed by our management, in which our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer participated, our management has concluded that, except as noted above with respect to the acquisition of Micro Focus, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, none of our officers or directors adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The following table sets forth certain information as to our directors and executive officers as of August 3, 2023. 
 Name Age Office and Position Currently Held With Company Mark J. Barrenechea 58 Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer, Director Madhu Ranganathan 59 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Michael Acedo 42 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Corporate Secretary Cosmin Balota 49 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Prentiss Donohue 53 Executive Vice President, Cybersecurity Sales Paul Duggan 48 Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer Simon Harrison 53 Executive Vice President, Enterprise Sales Muhi Majzoub 63 Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer James McGourlay 54 Executive Vice President, International Sales Renee McKenzie 48 Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer Sandy Ono 41 Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer Douglas M. Parker 52 Executive Vice President, Corporate Development Paul Rodgers 60 Executive Vice President, Sales Operations Brian Sweeney 59 Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer P. Thomas Jenkins 63 Chairman of the Board Randy Fowlie (2)(3) 
 63 Director Major General David Fraser (3) 
 66 Director Gail E. Hamilton (1) 
 73 Director Robert Hau (2) 
 57 Director Ann M. Powell (1) 
 57 Director Stephen J. Sadler 72 Director Michael Slaunwhite (1)(3) 
 62 Director Katharine B. Stevenson (2) 
 61 Director Deborah Weinstein (1)(3) 
 63 Director 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Member of the Compensation Committee. 
 (2) Member of the Audit Committee. 
 (3) Member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. 
 Mark J. Barrenechea 
 Mr. Barrenechea joined OpenText in January 2012 as the President and Chief Executive Officer. In January 2016, Mr. Barrenechea took on the role of Chief Technology Officer, while remaining the Company s Chief Executive Officer. In September 2017, Mr. Barrenechea was appointed Vice Chair, in addition to remaining the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer. Before joining OpenText, Mr. Barrenechea was President and Chief Executive Officer of Silicon Graphics International Corporation (SGI), where he also served as a member of the Board. During Mr. Barrenechea s tenure at SGI, he led strategy and execution, which included transformative acquisition of assets, as well as penetrating diverse new markets and geographic regions. Mr. Barrenechea also served as a director of SGI from 2006 to 2012. Prior to SGI, Mr. Barrenechea served as Executive Vice President and CTO for CA, Inc. (CA), (formerly Computer Associates International, Inc.) from 2003 to 2006 and was a member of the executive management team. Before going to CA, Mr. Barrenechea was the Senior Vice President of Applications Development at Oracle Corporation from 1997 to 2003, managing a multi-thousand person global team while serving as a member of the executive management team. From 1994 to 1997, Mr. Barrenechea served as Vice President of Development at Scopus, a software applications company. Prior to Scopus, Mr. Barrenechea was the Vice President of Development at Tesseract, where he was responsible for reshaping the company s line of CRM and human capital management software. Mr. Barrenechea serves as a member of the Board and Audit Committee Chair of Dick s Sporting Goods and is also on the Board of Directors of the Leukemia Lymphoma Society. In the past five years, Mr. Barrenechea also served as a director of Hamilton Insurance Group and as a board member of Avery Dennison Corporation. Mr. Barrenechea holds a 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Bachelor of Science degree in computer science from Saint Michael s College. He has been the recipient of many awards, including the 2011 Best Large Company CEO from the San Francisco Business Times and 2015 Results-Oriented CEO of the year by CEO World Awards. Mr. Barrenechea has authored several books including The Intelligent and Connected Enterprise, The Golden Age of Innovation, Digital Manufacturing, Digital Financial Services, On Digital, Digital: Disrupt or Die, eGovernment or Out of Government, Enterprise Information Management: The Next Generation of Enterprise Software, Versant . He has also written a number of whitepapers, such as The Resilient Organization: COVID-19 and New Ways to Work, The Cloud: Destination for Innovation, Security: Creating Trust in a Zero Trust World and The Information Advantage . 
 Madhu Ranganathan 
 Ms. Ranganathan joined OpenText as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer in April 2018. With more than 25 years of financial leadership experience, Ms. Ranganathan most recently served as the Chief Financial Officer for [24]7.ai from June 2008 to March 2018. Ms. Ranganathan also held senior financial roles at Rackable Systems from December 2005 to May 2008, Redback Networks from August 2002 to November 2005, and Backweb Technologies from December 1996 to January 2000. She also has public accounting experience with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC. Ms. Ranganathan currently serves as a Board Member for the Bank of Montreal and Akamai Technologies. In past years she served as a Board Member of ServiceSource and Watermark, a Bay Area organization focused on professional development for women. Ms. Ranganathan holds an MBA in Finance from the University of Massachusetts, is a member of the AICPA and a Chartered Accountant (India). 
 Michael Acedo 
 Mr. Acedo was appointed Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary in January 2022, and became Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary in August 2022. Since joining OpenText in 2014, Mr. Acedo has held various increasingly senior legal roles, primarily supporting corporate governance, external reporting, investor relations, Corporate Citizenship, capital markets, corporate communications, government relations, and merger and acquisitions matters and, most recently, as the Vice President, General Counsel Corporate Corporate Secretary. Mr. Acedo is responsible for leading the global legal organization, including the Office of the Chief Compliance Officer and the Corporate Secretarial department. Prior to joining OpenText, Mr. Acedo practiced corporate and securities law, with a concentration on international capital markets and merger and acquisitions transactions, at the global law firm, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP. Mr. Acedo holds a Law Degree from The University of Western Ontario, Canada (including Law exchange at Hong Kong University) and a B.A. (Honours) from The University of Toronto, and is a member of the New York State Bar Association and a Foreign Legal Consultant with the Law Society of Ontario. 
 Cosmin Balota 
 Mr. Balota has served as the Company s Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since December 2022. Prior to this, Mr. Balota served as Vice President, Accounting and Reporting from August 2020 to December 2022 and Vice President, Corporate Accounting from January 2019 to August 2020. Mr. Balota has over 25 years of experience in various U.S., Canadian and international finance and accounting roles where he has been responsible for external reporting, corporate accounting, controllership, mergers acquisitions, and financial planning analysis. Prior to joining OpenText, Mr. Balota served as Vice President, Corporate Finance at Enercare Inc. from January 2017 to December 2018, along with other finance leadership positions from April 2012 to January 2017. He also held various increasingly senior finance, accounting, and audit positions from October 1998 to April 2012 at Expedia Group, The Globe and Mail, and Deloitte. Mr. Balota is a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA, CA) in Canada and holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree in Chartered Accountancy Studies and a Master of Accounting degree from The University of Waterloo. 
 Prentiss Donohue 
 Mr. Donohue has served as Executive Vice President of Cybersecurity Sales since January 2023. Prior to this role, Mr. Donohue served as Executive Vice President of Small and Medium-sized Business and Consumer (SMB/C) Sales from December 2020 to January 2023, Senior Vice President, Portfolio Group from January 2019 to December 2020 and as Senior Vice President of Professional Services from April 2016 to January 2019. He brings over 20 years of experience in support and services management. Prior to joining OpenText, Mr. Donohue served as Group Vice President and General Manager of Advanced Customer Services for Oracle Corporation from January 2010 to March 2016, where he was responsible for driving Oracle s innovative software, systems and cloud services. From April 1998 to December 2010, Mr. Donohue worked at Sun Microsystems in various leadership roles, including in Managed Services Management and Corporate Marketing. Mr. Donohue served on the board of directors of Summit Charter School until May 2016. Mr. Donohue holds a BA from the University of Colorado and has completed executive leadership programs at the University of Michigan s Ross School of Business and the University of Hong Kong. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Paul Duggan 
 Mr. Duggan has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer since January 2023. Prior to this role, Mr. Duggan served as Executive Vice President, Worldwide Renewals from July 2021 to January 2023 and as Senior Vice President, Revenue Operations from January 2017 to July 2021. He is responsible for operations across sales, professional services, business networks and customer support. Prior to joining OpenText, Mr. Duggan held various roles at Oracle Corporation, including Group Vice President of Support Renewal Sales, North America from December 1999 to January 2017. Previously, Mr. Duggan served on the advisory board for the Technology Services Industry Association from 2016 to 2017. He has completed executive leadership programs at the University of Michigan Ross School of Business and IESE Business School in Barcelona, Spain. 
 Simon Harrison 
 Mr. Harrison has served as the Company s Executive Vice President of Enterprise Sales since March 2021. Prior to this, Mr. Harrison, who joined the Company through its acquisition of IXOS AG, has held a number of senior leadership roles, including serving as its Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales from October 2017 to March 2021 , Senior Vice President of Enterprise Sales from 2015 to 2017, Senior Vice President of Fast Growth Markets from 2014 to 2015 and as the Company s Senior Vice President of Sales for the EMEA region from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Harrison holds an honors degree in Computer Science from Leeds University. 
 Muhi Majzoub 
 Mr. Majzoub has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer since September 2019. Prior to this role, Mr. Majzoub served as Executive Vice President, Engineering from January 2016 to September 2019 and as Senior Vice President, Engineering from June 2012 to January 2016. Mr. Majzoub is responsible for managing product development cycles, global development organization and driving internal operations and development processes. Mr. Majzoub is a seasoned enterprise software technology executive having recently served as Head of Products for NorthgateArinso, a private company that provides global Human Resources software and services. Prior to this, Mr. Majzoub was Senior Vice President of Product Development for CA, Technologies from June 2004 to July 2010. Mr. Majzoub also worked for several years as Vice President for Product Development at Oracle Corporation from January 1989 to June 2004. Mr. Majzoub attended San Francisco State University. 
 James McGourlay 
 Mr. McGourlay has served as Executive Vice President, International Sales since July 2021. Prior to this, Mr. McGourlay was the Company s Executive Vice President, Customer Operations from October 2017 to July 2021, Senior Vice President of Global Technical Services from May 2015 to October 2017 and Senior Vice President of Worldwide Customer Service from February 2012 to May 2015. Mr. McGourlay joined OpenText in 1997 and held progressive positions in information technology, technical support, product support and special projects, including, Director, Customer Service and Vice President, Customer Service. 
 Renee McKenzie 
 Ms. McKenzie has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer since August 2022. Prior to this, Ms. McKenzie was the Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer for OpenText from April 2021 to August 2022. Ms. McKenzie joined the Company in 2004 and has held a number of positions within the Company, including Vice President, Enterprise Business Systems from 2015 to 2021. Ms. McKenzie holds a Master s Degree in Business Administration and a Bachelor s Degree in Biology Psychology from Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Sandy Ono 
 Ms. Ono joined OpenText as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer in January 2022. Ms. Ono is responsible for driving marketing and communications worldwide, from brand to demand, to deliver growth for the Company. Prior to joining OpenText, Ms. Ono was Vice President, Growth Marketing at Hewlett Packard Enterprise from 2015 to 2022 and in the Strategy Operations practice at Deloitte Consulting from 2003 to 2015. Ms. Ono has a bachelor s degree in business administration and rhetoric from UC Berkeley, and her MBA from the Wharton School of Business. 
 Douglas M. Parker 
 Mr. Parker has served as the Company s Executive Vice President, Corporate Development since January 2022. Prior to this, Mr. Parker was the Company s Senior Vice President, Corporate Development from October 2019 to January 2022. From January 2018 to October 2019, Mr. Parker served as President Chief Executive Officer of Quarterhill Inc., focused on the acquisition, management and growth of companies in dedicated technology areas. Mr. Parker previously served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of OpenText from 2015 to 2017. Prior to this role, Mr. Parker held the position of Vice President, General Counsel Assistant Secretary from 2009 to 2015, where he was responsible for a variety of corporate legal, litigation management and governance activities. Mr. Parker also served as Executive Sponsor to OpenText Brazil operations in 2014. Prior to joining OpenText, Mr. Parker worked for Nortel Networks Corporation in a variety of senior legal roles, including Managing Attorney, where he was responsible for the company s global M A legal function from 2006 to 2009. Mr. Parker holds an Executive Masters of Business Administration from the Richard Ivey School of Business, the University of Western Ontario, a Bachelor of Laws degree from Queen s University, and a Bachelor of Arts (Honors) degree from Trinity College, the University of Toronto. 
 Paul Rodgers 
 Mr. Rodgers joined OpenText as Executive Vice President, Sales Operations in January 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Rodgers served as the Business Operations and Integration lead for Micro Focus from April 2018 to January 2023, where he was responsible for overseeing the successful integrations resulting from Micro Focus merger and acquisition activity. Mr. Rodgers joined Micro Focus in April 2008 as the Group Human Resources Director, and prior to joining Micro Focus, Mr. Rodgers spent 17 years with IBM and four years as Managing Director of a successful Executive Human Resources consultancy business. 
 Brian Sweeney 
 Mr. Sweeney joined OpenText as Chief Human Resources Officer in October 2018. He has over 25 years of experience as a Human Resource (HR) leader in high growth, global technology businesses, and professional services consulting. He has led organizational growth and transformation initiatives, including international expansion, M A, global talent management, compensation and benefits, employee engagement, communication and cultural transformation. Prior to joining OpenText, Mr. Sweeney worked at Amgen Inc. from 2003 to 2018, where he served in various HR leadership roles, including Global VP of HR, Head of HR for Global R D and VP of International Human Resources. Prior to this, Mr. Sweeney worked at Dell, where he served as Director of Worldwide Compensation and Benefits from 1993 to 1997 and HR Director from 1997 to 2001. From 1989 to 1992, Mr. Sweeney was a Human Resource consultant at AON Hewitt Associates, working across multiple client industry sectors in the practice areas of employee benefits and executive compensation. Earlier in his professional career, Mr. Sweeney worked in corporate sales and sales management for Steelcase, Inc. Mr. Sweeney holds an MBA from the University of Michigan and a Bachelor s degree in Sociology from Vanderbilt University. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 P. Thomas Jenkins 
 Mr. Jenkins is Chair of the Board of OpenText. From 1994 to 2005, Mr. Jenkins was President, then Chief Executive Officer and then from 2005 to 2013, Chief Strategy Officer of OpenText. Mr. Jenkins has served as a Director of OpenText since 1994 and as its Chairman since 1998. Mr. Jenkins has also served as a board member of Manulife Financial Corporation, Thomson Reuters Inc. and TransAlta Corporation. He was also past Chair of the Ontario Global 100 (OG100), past Canadian Co-Chair of the Atlantik Bruecke and past Chair of the World Wide Web Foundation, a Commissioner of the Tri-Lateral Commission. He was the tenth Chancellor of the University of Waterloo and was the Chair of the National Research Council of Canada (NRC). Mr. Jenkins received an M.B.A. from Schulich School of Business at York University, an M.A.Sc. from the University of Toronto and a B.Eng. Mgt. from McMaster University. Mr. Jenkins has received honorary doctorates from six universities. He is a member of the Waterloo Region Entrepreneur Hall of Fame, a Companion of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and recipient of the Ontario Entrepreneur of the Year award, the McMaster Engineering L.W. Shemilt Distinguished Alumni Award and the Schulich School of Business Outstanding Executive Leadership award. He is a Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Engineering (FCAE). Mr. Jenkins was awarded the Canadian Forces Decoration (CD), the Queen s Diamond Jubilee Medal (QJDM) and the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany. Mr. Jenkins is an Officer of the Order of Canada (OC). 
 Randy Fowlie 
 Mr. Fowlie has served as a director of OpenText since March 1998. From December 2010 to April 2017, Mr. Fowlie was the President and CEO of RDM Corporation, a leading provider of specialized hardware and software solutions in the electronic payment industry. Mr. Fowlie operated a consulting practice from July 2006 to December 2010. From January 2005 until July 2006, Mr. Fowlie held the position of Vice President and General Manager, Digital Media, of Harris Corporation, formerly Leitch Technology Corporation (Leitch), a company that was engaged in the manufacturing of audio and video infrastructure products for the professional broadcast and video industry. From June 1999 to January 2005, Mr. Fowlie held the position of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Inscriber Technology Corporation (Inscriber), a software company providing products to the broadcast and video industry. From February 1998 to June 1999, Mr. Fowlie was the Chief Financial Officer of Inscriber. Inscriber was acquired by Leitch in January 2005. Prior to working at Inscriber Mr. Fowlie was a partner with KPMG LLP, Chartered Accountants, where he worked from 1984 to February 1998. Mr. Fowlie received a B.B.A.(Honours) from Wilfrid Laurier University and is a Chartered Professional Accountant. Mr. Fowlie is also a director of InvestorCom Inc. and Sapphire Digital Health Solutions Inc., both privately held companies. In the last five years, Mr. Fowlie also served as a director of Dye Durham Limited (TSX: DND) a leading provider of cloud-based software and technology solutions for legal and business professionals. 
 Major General David Fraser 
 Major-General (Ret.) David Fraser has served as a director of OpenText since September 2018. Mr. Fraser is the President of Aegis Six Corporation of Toronto. Mr. Fraser was commissioned as an Infantry Officer following graduation from Carleton University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1980. He served in various command and staff positions in the Princess Patricia s Canadian Light Infantry from platoon to Division throughout his 30 year career. Most notable, he commanded the NATO coalition in southern Afghanistan in 2006. He is a graduate of the Canadian Forces Command and Staff College in Toronto, holds a Master s of Management and Policy and is a graduate of the United States Capstone Program (Executive School for generals). His honors and awards including the Commander of Military Merit, the Canadian Meritorious Service Cross, the Meritorious Service Medal, the United States Legion of Honor and Bronze Star (for service in Afghanistan), and leadership recognition awards from the Netherlands, Poland, and NATO. He is the recipient of the Vimy award for contributions to leadership and international affairs and the Atlantic Council Award for international leadership. Upon his departure from the military, Mr. Fraser joined the private sector and, along with his partners, created Blue Goose Pure Foods. Mr. Fraser joined INKAS Armored Vehicle Manufacturing as their Chief Operating Officer in 2015 until 2017. In 2016, he founded Aegis Six Corporation, which aims at addressing the needs of capacity building abroad and for the private sector within Canada. Mr. Fraser currently works with the Bank of Montreal on their Canadian Defence Community Banking Program, serves as a director of Antoxa Corp. and the Canadian Forces College Foundation and is a member of The Prince s Charities Advisory Council. In the last five years, Mr. Fraser was also a member of the Conference of Defence Association board and was a director of Route1 Inc.. Mr. Fraser is also a mentor at the Ivey Business School and is the co-author of Operation Medusa, The Furious Battle that Saved Afghanistan from the Taliban . 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Gail E. Hamilton 
 Ms. Hamilton has served as a director of OpenText since December 2006. Ms. Hamilton previously led a team of over 2,000 employees worldwide as Executive Vice President at Symantec Corp (Symantec), an infrastructure software company, and had P L responsibility for their global services and support business. While leading Symantec s 2 billion enterprise and consumer business, Ms. Hamilton helped steer the company through an aggressive acquisition strategy. In 2003, Information Security magazine recognized Ms. Hamilton as one of the 20 Women Luminaries shaping the security industry. Ms. Hamilton has over 20 years of experience growing leading technology and services businesses in the enterprise market. She has extensive management experience at Compaq and Hewlett Packard, as well as Microtec Research. Ms. Hamilton received both a BSEE from the University of Colorado and an MSEE from Stanford University. Currently, Ms. Hamilton is also a director of Arrow Electronics. Ms. Hamilton also served as a director of Ixia and Westmoreland Coal Company. She was named as one of WomenInc. s 2018 Most Influential Corporate Board Directors. 
 Robert Hau 
 Mr. Hau has served as a director of OpenText since September 2020. He is the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at Fiserv, Inc., and provides oversight for all financial functions of the company. Mr. Hau has nearly 30 years of experience in business and financial leadership roles. Prior to joining Fiserv, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TE Connectivity Ltd. from 2012 to 2016, where he was responsible for developing and implementing financial strategy, as well as creating the financial infrastructure necessary to drive the company s financial direction, vision and compliance initiatives. Previously, Mr. Hau served as Chief Financial Officer for Lennox International Inc. Mr. Hau also spent 22 years at Honeywell International Inc. in a variety of progressive financial and operations leadership roles, including serving as Chief Financial Officer of its Aerospace Business Group, Specialty Materials Business Group and Aerospace Electronic Systems Unit. Mr. Hau holds a Master s degree in business administration from the USC Marshall School of Business and a Bachelor s degree in business administration from Marquette University. 
 Ann M. Powell 
 Ms. Powell has served as a director of OpenText since June 2021. She is the EVP, Global Chief Human Resource Officer for Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS) whose mission is to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. With a focus on business performance, Ms. Powell leads efforts to drive the corporation s global people strategy, empowering the company s current and future workforce and building a healthy culture focused on serving patients and communities. Ms. Powell works across the enterprise to support BMS s commitment to creating an energizing work experience and a culture that is powerfully diverse and globally inclusive. Ms. Powell s industry experience and expertise lie in executive compensation, global leadership development, change management, global diversity and inclusion, training design and delivery, recruitment and placement, labour relations, mergers and acquisitions, divestitures and green field start-ups. With a career spanning both international and domestic assignments, Ms. Powell has held leadership roles of increasing responsibility within the gas, chemical and pharmaceutical industries, including Dow Chemical and Wyeth Pharmaceuticals. Prior to joining BMS in 2013, Ms. Powell was the Chief Human Resources Officer for Shire Pharmaceuticals. Ms. Powell holds a B.S. degree from Iowa State University, a Master s degree in Industrial Relations, University of Minnesota, and is certified as a Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR . 
 Stephen J. Sadler 
 Mr. Sadler has served as a director of OpenText since September 1997. From April 2000 to present, Mr. Sadler has served as the Chairman and CEO of Enghouse Systems Limited, a publicly traded software company that provides enterprise software solutions focusing on remote work, contact centers, visual computing and communications for next generation software defined networks. Mr. Sadler was previously Chief Financial Officer, President and Chief Executive Officer of GEAC Computer Corporation Ltd. (GEAC). Prior to Mr. Sadler s involvement with GEAC, he held executive positions with Phillips Electronics Limited and Loblaws Companies Limited, and was Chairman of Helix Investments (Canada) Inc. Currently, Mr. Sadler is a director of Enghouse Systems Limited. Mr. Sadler has a Business and Security Valuation certificate from Canadian Association of Business Valuators, holds a B.A. Sc. (Honours) in Industrial Engineering and an M.B.A. (Dean s List) from York University. He is also a Chartered Professional Accountant. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Michael Slaunwhite 
 Mr. Slaunwhite has served as a director of OpenText since March 1998. Mr. Slaunwhite also previously served on the board of Vector Talent Holdings, L.P., the parent holding company of Saba Software from 2017 to December 2020. Previously, Mr. Slaunwhite also served as Chairman of the Board of Saba Software. Prior to his appointment at Vector Talent Holdings, Mr. Slaunwhite served as CEO and Chairman of Halogen Software Inc. from 2000 to August 2006, as President and Chairman from 1995 to 2000, and as a Director and Chairman from 1995 up to its acquisition by Vector Talent Holdings in 2017. From 1994 to 1995, Mr. Slaunwhite was an independent consultant to a number of companies, assisting them with strategic and financing plans. Mr. Slaunwhite was the Chief Financial Officer of Corel Corporation from 1988 to 1993. Mr. Slaunwhite holds a B.A. Commerce (Honours) from Carleton University . 
 Katharine B. Stevenson 
 Ms. Stevenson has served as a director of OpenText since December 2008. She has extensive corporate governance experience, having served on numerous public company and not-for-profit boards in Canada and the US over the past two decades, where she has consistently assumed leadership roles. Ms. Stevenson is the Chair of the Board of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC). Ms. Stevenson also serves on the board of Unity Health Toronto. Ms. Stevenson has previously served as a director of Capital Power Corporation and CAE Inc. She was previously a financial executive in the telecommunications and banking sectors. Ms. Stevenson holds a B.A. Magna Cum Laude from Harvard University. She is certified with the professional designation ICD.D. granted by the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD). In June 2023, Ms. Stevenson received an honorary doctorate from Carleton University. Ms. Stevenson has been named one of the Top 100 Most Powerful Women in Canada. 
 Deborah Weinstein 
 Ms. Weinstein has served as a director of OpenText since December 2009. Ms. Weinstein is a co-founder and partner of LaBarge Weinstein LLP, a business law firm based in Ottawa, Ontario, since 1997. Ms. Weinstein s legal practice specializes in corporate finance, securities law, mergers and acquisitions and business law representation of public and private companies, primarily in knowledge-based growth industries. Prior to founding LaBarge Weinstein LLP, Ms. Weinstein was a partner of the law firm Blake, Cassels Graydon LLP, where she practiced from 1990 to 1997 in Ottawa, and in Toronto from 1985 to 1987. Ms. Weinstein also serves on a number of not-for-profit boards. Ms. Weinstein has been recognized by Martindale-Hubbell (U.S.) with the highest possible rating in both Legal Ability and Ethical Standards. As well LaBarge Weinstein has been recognized by Canadian Lawyer as one of the Top 10 Corporate Boutiques. Ms. Weinstein holds an LL.B. from Osgoode Hall Law School of York University. 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 None of our directors or executive officers have been involved in any events during the past ten years that would require disclosure under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 
 Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee currently consists of three directors, Mr. Fowlie (Chair), Mr. Hau and Ms. Stevenson, all of whom have been determined by the Board of Directors to be independent as that term is defined in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2) and in Rule 10A-3 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, and within the meaning of our director independence standards and those of any exchange, quotation system or market upon which our securities are traded. 
 The responsibilities, mandate and operation of the Audit Committee are set out in the Audit Committee Charter, a copy of which is available on the Company s website, investors.opentext.com under the Corporate Governance section. 
 The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Fowlie qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as such term is defined in SEC Regulation S-K, Item 407(d)(5)(ii). 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Ethics Code) that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. The Ethics Code incorporates our guidelines designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, and compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The Ethics Code also incorporates our expectations of our employees that enable us to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in our filings with the SEC and other public communications. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 The full text of the Ethics Code is published on our web site at investors.opentext.com under the Corporate Governance section. 
 If we make any substantive amendments to the Ethics Code or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Ethics Code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website at investors.opentext.com or on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Board Diversity and Term Limits 
 The Company, including the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, views diversity in a broad context and considers a variety of factors when assessing nominees for the Board. The Company has established a Board Diversity Policy recognizing that a Board made up of highly qualified directors from diverse backgrounds, including diversity of gender, age, race, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity and geographic representation, is important. 
 In reference to the disclosure requirements under the CBCA, the Company has not adopted a written policy that specifically relates to the identification and nomination of women, aboriginal peoples in Canada, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities (collectively, the Designated Groups) for election as directors. As discussed above, the Board Diversity Policy of the Company includes consideration of broader categories of diversity beyond those of the Designated Groups but which encompass the Designated Groups and which the Board of Directors considers to be better aligned to achieve the range of perspectives, experience and expertise required by the Company. For each of the four Designated Groups, the Company has not established a specific target number or percentage, nor a specific target date by which to achieve a specific target number or percentage of members of each Designated Groups on the Board, as we consider a multitude of factors, including skills, experience, expertise, character and the Company s objective and challenges at the time in determining the best nominee at such time. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are currently four women on the Board which represents approximately 36 of the current Board, and 44 of the current independent Board members. One director self-identified to the Company as a person with disabilities. 
 The Company has not set term limits for independent directors because it values the cumulative experience and comprehensive knowledge of the Company that long serving directors possess. The Company does not have a director retirement policy, however, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considers the results of its director assessment process in determining the nominees to be put forward. In conducting director evaluations and nominations, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considers the composition of the Board and whether there is a need to include nominees with different skills, experiences and perspectives on the Board. This flexible approach allows the Company to consider each director individually as well as the Board composition generally to determine if the appropriate balance is being achieved. The onboarding of three new directors since 2018 demonstrates the Company s focus on this approach. 
 The table below reports self-identified diversity statistics for the Board as required by NASDAQ Rule 5606. 
 Board Diversity Matrix Country of Principal Executive Offices Canada Foreign Private Issuer Yes Disclosure Prohibited Under Home Country Law No As of June 30, 2023 
 As of June 30, 2022 
 Total Number of Directors 
 11 12 Gender Identity Female Male Non-Binary Did Not Disclose Gender Female Male Non-Binary Did Not Disclose Gender Directors 4 5 0 2 4 6 0 2 Demographic Background Underrepresented Individual in Home Country Jurisdiction 0 1 LGBTQ+ 0 0 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 2 3 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity in Executive Officer Positions 
 The Company is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, including advancing women to executive officer positions. The Company has adopted a formal written Global Employment Equity and Diversity Policy which expresses its commitment to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace for all employees, regardless of culture, national origin, race, color, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, family status, age, veteran status, disability, or religion, or other basis. A principal objective of our Global Employment Equity and Diversity Policy is to support and monitor the identification, development and retention of diverse employees, including gender diversity at executive and leadership positions. We will continue to develop a sustainable culture of equity, diversity and inclusion that provides all employees an opportunity to excel, and strive to present diverse slates of candidates for all our roles and mandate it for our senior leader positions. At the executive officer level, we consider a multitude of factors, including skills, experience, expertise, character and the Company s objectives and challenges at the time in determining the best appointment at such time. To advance equity, diversity and inclusion, we have committed to have, by 2030, a majority of ethnically diverse staff, with a 50/50 gender representation in key roles and 40 women in leadership positions at all management levels. The Company currently has one woman as a Named Executive Officer (20 and three women as executive officers part of the executive leadership team (ELT) (23 ), while approximately 16 of existing positions on the senior leadership team (SLT), exclusive of our ELT, are held by women. 40 of ELT and SLT members are based outside of North America. Within North America, 16 of the ELT/SLT members are visible minorities. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 TALENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 
 Our Talent and Compensation Committee of Open Text s board of directors (the Talent and Compensation Committee, the Compensation Committee or the Committee) has reviewed and discussed with our management the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A). Based on this review and discussion, our Talent and Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board that the following CD A be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2023. 
 This report is provided by the following independent directors, who comprise our Compensation Committee: 
 Michael Slaunwhite (Chair), Gail E. Hamilton, Ann M. Powell, Deborah Weinstein. 
 To the extent that this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been or will be specifically incorporated by reference into any filing by us under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), this Compensation Committee Report shall not be deemed soliciting materials , unless specifically otherwise provided in any such filing. 
 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 The following discussion and analysis of compensation arrangements of the following individuals for the fiscal year which ended on June 30, 2023 (Fiscal 2023), should be read together with the compensation tables and related disclosures set forth below: (i) our principal executive officer, (ii) our principal financial officer, and (iii) our three most highly compensated executive officers, other than our principal executive officer and principal financial officer (collectively, the Named Executive Officers). This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and projections regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt in the future may differ materially from the various planned programs summarized in this discussion. 
 Executive Summary 
 Despite the prior five years having averaged greater than 90 shareholder support, at our last annual meeting of shareholders held on September 15, 2022, our advisory vote on our approach to executive compensation for Fiscal 2022 received the support of 45 of the shareholder votes cast. The results of the vote are not acceptable to our Compensation Committee and were not taken lightly, and we acknowledge the votes cast by shareholders in this regard. In full collaboration with our Board, throughout Fiscal 2023, management and, in certain instances, our Board Chair and Compensation Committee Chair, directly engaged with our U.S., Canadian and global shareholders as well as leading corporate governance organizations to discuss, among other things, their feedback regarding our approach to executive compensation overall. See Shareholder Engagement and Say on Pay for an overview of our shareholder outreach and feedback channels. Our Committee considered the vote result and the feedback we received from shareholders as it evaluated the design of our executive compensation program for Fiscal 2023. See Summary of Key Fiscal 2023 Considerations for details of key considerations and our response to shareholder feedback. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 On August 25, 2022, we announced our acquisition of all of the issued and to be issued share capital of Micro Focus for a total purchase price of 6.2 billion, inclusive of Micro Focus cash and repayment of Micro Focus outstanding indebtedness, subject to final adjustments (the Micro Focus Acquisition). The Micro Focus Acquisition significantly expands our scope and size by adding substantial assets and operations to our existing business. As a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition, we possess one of the largest global customer bases and broadest solution suites in enterprise software. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the combined company generated approximately 4.5 billion in revenue, approximately 150.6 million in net income and approximately 1.5 billion in Adjusted EBITDA. See Part II, Item 7 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for definitions and reconciliations of GAAP-based measures to Non-GAAP-based measures. As of June 30, 2023, we employed a total of approximately 24,100 individuals, of which approximately 9,700 joined our workforce as part of the Micro Focus Acquisition. Given the significance of the Micro Focus Acquisition, our approach to Executive Compensation in Fiscal 2023 included adjustments to our existing compensation programs to reflect the added complexity and larger scale resulting from the acquisition, in combination with feedback from our engagement with shareholders. On January 31, 2023, we completed the acquisition. 
 Following the acquisition of Micro Focus, our CEO and other Named Executive Officers have had the responsibility to lead the combined organization, which includes accountability for a more diverse geographical footprint and a company with significantly larger revenues and greater scale. To address this unique transition year, we adjusted our approach to executive compensation to ensure: (1) appointment and retention of a qualified executive team to lead the combined organization with a strong alignment to long term shareholder value; (2) clear line of sight to achievement of the performance objectives set for stand-alone OpenText operations (which excludes the results from the Micro Focus Acquisition); and (3) immediate post-close actions to ensure customer and revenue retention across the Micro Focus business within the first five months of the acquisition (from the January 31, 2023 acquisition close date to the end of Fiscal 2023). 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Key Fiscal 2023 Considerations 
 In the discussions that were held with our shareholders prior to and following our September 2022 annual meeting of shareholders, feedback generally supported the design of our executive compensation program, including that we continue to increase the proportion of our executive officers compensation that is at risk , in line with our peers. The table below outlines the areas of specific feedback and topics discussed during our shareholder engagement efforts and how we responded, informed by such feedback. 
 
 What We Heard 
 How We Responded and Rationale 
 Ensure relevant peer group and pay position 
 The Fiscal 2023 compensation of the CEO and other Named Executive Officers was set based on an industry peer group of organizations of a similar size, scope and geographic reach. In setting Fiscal 2023 compensation, which occurred in July 2022, the peer group was the same from Fiscal 2022. CEO target cash and total direct compensation was aligned based on the median of the peer group. 
 
 In April 2023, our peer group was updated to reflect the new size and scope of our operations resulting from the Micro Focus Acquisition. The new peer group, comprised of primarily U.S.-based companies, is designed to reflect competitors for executive talent in our industry and our focus on geographic markets outside of Canada. A number of proxy advisors compare us to primarily Canadian companies, which does not reflect where we recruit for executive talent, nor does it represent who we benchmark against for compensation practices and competitive pay levels. Executives must have relevant experience with complex enterprise delivery of cloud-based products and be able to mobilize delivery across global operations - requiring experience in both the global commercial and compliance context. As such, our recruitment of qualified executive talent does not come from adjacent industries such as telecommunications or from firms with a primarily domestic or North American footprint. 
 
 Our new peer group is not aspirational. Our revenue is near the 75 th percentile of our new peer group, with the CEO s total direct compensation remaining at the median of the peer group. To align with the market for talented software executives as evidenced by independent data from the updated peer group, effective April 1, 2023, Named Executive Officers (other than the CEO) were provided base salary increases between 9 and 18 , which is reflective of our larger revenue base that has grown 28 year-over-year, from 3.5 billion in Fiscal 2022 to 4.5 billion in Fiscal 2023, largely due to the impact of the Micro Focus Acquisition. Despite the significant revenue growth, there was no base salary adjustment for the CEO. 
 
 In order to reflect the increased size and scope of the roles of our executives due to leading a significantly larger, combined organization, and in order to focus and reward management on the attainment and sustainability of Micro Focus revenue for the first five month stub period from February 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023, specific incentive plans to align with our business objectives were put in place. The Named Executive Officers target short-term incentive opportunity increased year-over-year, where in each case, the incremental increase was directly tied to attaining certain revenue thresholds for Micro Focus operations during the balance of Fiscal 2023. See Micro Focus Special Performance Incentive Plan (MF SPIP). Even after incorporating these adjustments to short-term incentive opportunity, the pay position of the CEO s target total compensation remained at market median (as compared to our peers), and the pay position of all other Named Executive Officers' target total compensation remained below median. 

100 

Table of Contents 

 What We Heard 
 How We Responded and Rationale 
 Demonstrate pay-for-performance linkages 
 The pay program, with pay levels set to industry peer group practices, is designed to ensure that Named Executive Officer compensation aligns with our shareholders interests and supports our business objectives. Our compensation philosophy is that the realizable pay of the CEO and other Named Executive Officers be: 
 Directly correlated to total shareholder return; and 
 Aligned with the realizable pay earned by our peers for similar relative shareholder return. 
 
 The assessment of realizable CEO pay relative to our peers can be found on page 112 and confirms that, over the past three years, CEO realizable pay aligned with our relative total shareholder return (Relative TSR) performance (i.e., the amount of compensation actually paid to the CEO was at a percentile that was similar to the Company's Relative TSR for the same period). 

101 

Table of Contents 

 What We Heard 
 How We Responded and Rationale 
 CEO Pay Appears High Relative to Other Named Executive Officers 
 We recognize the importance of providing a clear rationale of how Named Executive Officer pay levels are set, including the careful consideration of both our external market peer group position and internal equity. 
 
 Among our peer group, the CEO pay ratio as compared to the average compensation of its other named executive officers was 3.2x, with the highest ratio amongst our peers at 5.9x. In comparison, our CEO pay ratio as compared to the average compensation of our other Named Executive Officers was 4.7x, due to the fact that our CEO serves in a dual capacity as CEO and Chief Technology Officer (CTO). None of our peers had its CEO serve in a dual operating capacity with such a high level of responsibility and personal contribution. The Board believes this distinction is important, as it means that this role is accountable for the long-term strategy and success of the business overall, as CEO, as well as technology innovation, development strategy and long-term innovation roadmap, as CTO. The Board believes our CEO pay ratio as compared to other Named Executive Officers should reflect these above-average accountabilities. 
 
 Prior to setting executive compensation, the Compensation Committee considered internal pay equity and determined that, given the dual responsibilities, the ratio of the CEO s pay to that of our other Named Executive Officers is appropriate. As the CEO and CTO roles are individually significant, the Board believes the compensation awarded should reflect leadership in these critical areas that would typically be handled by two individuals. Notwithstanding that, to ensure internal pay equity and reflect the increasing role scope and accountabilities, our Named Executive Officers have received base salary increases over the past two years, while the CEO base salary has remained constant over the same period. 
 
 Use of and insufficient rationale for one time stock awards 
 In recognition of the requirement to complete the Micro Focus Acquisition and achieve integration targets over the longer term with strong alignment to shareholder returns, one-time stock options with stock price growth performance conditions were awarded to the CEO in August 2022, after the announcement of the Micro Focus Acquisition but prior to our last annual meeting of shareholders. One-time stock options were also granted to our other Named Executive Officers in November 2022. All stock option grants have a four-year vesting horizon and do not begin vesting until year two. These awards were granted to the Named Executive Officers to align executive compensation directly to the integration and longer term success of the Micro Focus Acquisition. With these one-time awards, at least 80 of our Named Executive Officers compensation is directly tied to company share growth appreciation ensuring appropriate pay for performance, retention of key executives, and alignment with the annual compensation positioning relative our peers. 
 
 The use of these one-time awards in Fiscal 2023 was to drive and reward growth related to the integration of the large-scale Micro Focus Acquisition and are not intended to be adopted as a go-forward compensation process. 
 
 Specifically, Fiscal 2024 long-term incentive awards will be delivered through the annual LTIP program without any one-time awards. Further, the annual LTIP in Fiscal 2024 will include a revised Relative TSR measured against the NASDAQ Composite Index for our performance share unit program, given the significance of the Micro Focus Acquisition. 

102 

Table of Contents 

 What We Heard 
 How We Responded and Rationale 
 Fiscal 2023 Short-Term Incentive Performance Metric Target Setting Below Prior Year Actual Results 
 Under the Annual Worldwide Short-Term Incentive Plan for Fiscal 2023, revenue targets were set at 3.558 billion, 1.8 above Fiscal 2022 actual results. 
 
 The worldwide adjusted operating income (AOI), as defined in Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Short-Term Incentives, target was set at 1.13 billion, which was 4.0 lower than Fiscal 2022 actual results to reflect a planned 80 million investment in Research and Development and Sales and Marketing that we expect will drive organic growth under our long-term strategic plan. This strategic investment increased expenses and resulted in a reduced AOI target, which the AOI target would have been flat compared to the prior year actual results if not for such investment (excludes foreign currency effect). The Fiscal 2024 AOI target, excluding any results from Micro Focus, has been set higher than the Fiscal 2023 actual results to reflect an increase in organic growth and a reduction in expenses. 
 Further, the payout of short-term incentives in Fiscal 2023 was 93 of target based on worldwide revenue and AOI, which is a considerable reduction from the 200 target short-term incentive payout under the Fiscal 2022 Short-Term Incentive plan. 
 Importance of Micro Focus Acquisition and shareholder value 
 Integration of the Micro Focus Acquisition highlighted the following needs: 
 (1) Retention of a qualified executive team to lead the combined organization with a strong alignment to long-term shareholder value including the provision of one-time stock option grants in consideration of an appropriate mix of awards in favor of long-term incentives. 
 (2) Clear line of sight to achievement of the performance objectives set for stand-alone OpenText operations, excluding the impact of the Micro Focus Acquisition (before the incremental revenue and operating profit attributed to the Micro Focus Acquisition) to maintain a focus on OpenText organic revenue growth and efficient operations. 
 (3) Implementing immediate post-close actions to ensure customer and revenue retention across the Micro Focus business within the first five months of the acquisition through the use of a supplemental short-term incentive plan tied to the achievement of Micro Focus planned revenue target for the period from February 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023. 

103 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation Governance Best Practices 
 Our approach to executive pay is guided by the following compensation governance best practices: 
 What We Do What We Don t Do P 
 Balance among short- and long-term incentives, cash and equity and fixed and variable pay. 
 O 
 Overemphasize any single performance metric. P 
 Link a significant amount (at least 80 of target Named Executive Officer pay to company performance. O 
 Use an aspirational peer group of significantly larger companies. P 
 Cap short-term incentive plans at 200 of target. O 
 Replace underwater options. P 
 Use multiple types of equity awards to balance risk and reward. O 
 Grant in-the-money stock options with an exercise price below the fair market value on the grant date. P 
 Maintain overlapping performance periods for long-term incentives. O 
 Guarantee a minimum level of vesting for long-term incentives. P 
 Compare executive compensation and company performance to relevant peer group companies considering our industry scope and geographic footprint. 
 O 
 Guarantee annual base salary increases. O 
 Provide discretionary bonuses. P 
 Require executives to meet minimum stock ownership requirements. O 
 Provide supplemental executive retirement plans. P 
 Maintain a compensation claw back policy to recapture unearned incentive pay. O 
 Provide single-trigger change in control benefits. P 
 Provide only limited perquisites. O 
 Apply pay policies or practices that pose a material adverse risk to the Company. P 
 Retain an independent compensation consultant. P 
 Conduct an annual shareholder say-on-pay advisory vote. 
 Overview of Compensation Program 
 Determining the compensation of our Named Executive Officers is the responsibility of the Compensation Committee alone, or in certain circumstances, in consultation with the Board. The Compensation Committee ensures compensation decisions are in line with our goal to provide total compensation to our Named Executive Officers that (i) is fair, reasonable and consistent with our compensation philosophy to achieve our short-term and long-term business goals, and (ii) is market competitive. The Named Executive Officers who are the subject of this CD A are: 
 Mark J. Barrenechea - Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer (CEO) 
 Madhu Ranganathan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
 Simon Harrison - Executive Vice President, Enterprise Sales 
 Muhi Majzoub - Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer 
 Paul Duggan - Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer 
 Shareholder Engagement and Say-on-Pay 
 We have a longstanding practice of proactive shareholder engagement every quarter, during both the proxy season and non-quiet periods, to address investor questions and concerns and encourage their feedback on a variety of topics such as company performance, executive compensation, and environmental, social and governance issues. These meetings are primarily attended by members of management, including some led by our CEO, CFO and Investor Relations team, as well as members of our Board from time to time. Throughout Fiscal 2023, we met or initiated contact with shareholders representing 64 of our outstanding shares and all of our top 25 shareholders that actively manage assets. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

At our last annual meeting of shareholders held on September 15, 2022, for the first time in our history, we did not receive a favorable result for our approach to executive compensation. This result is not acceptable to the Compensation Committee and is not aligned with our previous historical support for our approach to executive compensation, which in the prior five years had averaged greater than 90 support. 
 While our shareholders understood the design of our executive compensation program, and were generally supportive that we continue to increase the proportion of our executive officers compensation that is at risk in line with our peers, a number of key areas of discussion throughout Fiscal 2023 included: (1) peer group selection; (2) demonstration of the pay-for-performance linkages in our programs, particularly with respect to CEO pay; (3) ratio of CEO compensation as compared to other Named Executive Officer s pay; (4) use of one-time awards; (5) Fiscal 2022 short-term incentive metric targets set below previous year actual results; and (6) aligning compensation with the achievement of stated goals for the Micro Focus transaction, particularly given the size, complexity and importance of the transaction and need to deliver sustainable shareholder value through a successful integration. 
 The CEO s compensation plan is structured to align with long-term shareholder return, to reward outstanding performance, provide incentives for continued long-term sustainable growth, accomplish the Board s retention objectives and reflect the dual responsibilities of our CEO who serves as both our CEO and CTO. 
 In reviewing executive compensation, the Compensation Committee benchmarks against U.S. software and technology companies with a global presence, and not Canadian companies, for a variety of reasons including that greater than 95 of our revenues are outside of Canada and most of the executive leadership team are based in the U.S. where we primarily recruit for executive talent. Specifically, all Named Executive Officers, including our CEO, and a majority of our other executive leadership team members are located in the highly competitive Silicon Valley a key market for multi-national executive talent in the software and technology industry which has higher pay levels than the limited market for software and technology executives in Canada. Our executive compensation benchmarking, like that of our direct competitors, is focused on the compensation practices of U.S.-based peer companies, as we generally recruit from U.S.-based competitors for executive leadership talent. Compensation for executive talent in Canada, and in adjacent sectors such as telecommunications, do not reflect the same level of competitiveness as among our Company and its peers. The Board believes that our CEO and other Named Executive Officer s total compensation is reasonable relative to comparable U.S. software and technology companies with a global presence. See Compensation Philosophy and Objectives for our benchmarking practices. Further, the peer group was updated in April 2023 to reflect the Company s increased size and scope following completion of the Micro Focus Acquisition. See Peer Group for our peer group, including our CEO s relative target pay positioning for Fiscal 2023. 
 CEO s in our peer group were paid an average of 3.2x the average of the other named executive officers, with the highest ratio amongst our peers at 5.9x. In comparison, our CEO is paid 4.7x the average of our other Named Executive Officers because he serves in a dual capacity as CEO and CTO. Among our peer group, none of our peers had its CEO serve in a dual capacity. The Board believes this distinction is important, as it means that this role is accountable for the long-term strategy and success of the business overall, as CEO, as well as technology innovation, development strategy and long-term innovation roadmap, as CTO. As the CEO and CTO roles are individually significant, the Board believes the compensation awarded should reflect leadership in these critical areas that would typically be handled by two senior officers. Further, the Board believes that our CEO s extensive experience and expertise in the information management and cloud computing industry makes him uniquely positioned to provide leadership in this dual capacity. 
 We considered and evaluated the feedback received from our shareholders in the context of the enlarged organization as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition and its impact on executive compensation. See Summary of Key Fiscal 2023 Considerations for details of decisions made in this transition year. We value the input of our shareholders and will continue to engage with our shareholders to consider their views expressed through our annual Say-on-Pay voting process. 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 
 We believe that compensation plays an important role in achieving short and long-term business objectives that ultimately drives business success in alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. 
 Our compensation philosophy is based on three fundamental principles: 
 The objectives of our compensation program are to: l 
 Strong link to business strategy - Our short and long-term goals are reflected in our overall compensation program. 
 l 
 Attract and retain highly qualified executive officers who have a history of proven success. 
 l 
 Pay for performance - We aim to reward sustained company performance by aligning a significant portion of total compensation to our financial results and strategic objectives. We believe compensation should fluctuate with financial performance and accordingly, we structure total compensation to be at or above our peer group median when our financial performance exceeds our target performance and likewise, we structure total compensation to be below our peer group median if our financial performance falls below our targets. See Aligning CEO Pay with Shareholders Interests. 
 l 
 Align the interests of executive officers with our shareholders' interests and with the execution of our business strategy by evaluating executive performance on the basis of key financial metrics which we believe closely correlate to long-term shareholder value. 
 l 
 Motivate and reward our high-caliber executive team through competitive pay practices and an appropriate mix of short and long-term incentives. 
 l 
 Market relevant - Our compensation program provides market competitive pay in terms of value and structure in order to retain talent who are performing according to their objectives and to attract new talent of the highest caliber. We use market data of similarly sized U.S. software and technology companies with a global presence, rather than Canadian companies, for a variety of reasons including that greater than 95 of our revenues are outside of Canada, all of our Named Executive Officers and most of the executive leadership team are based in the U.S., and we generally recruit from U.S.-based competitors for executive leadership talent. We aim to position our executive officers compensation targets at the median in relation to our peer group, however, actual pay depends on the performance of the executive officers and the Company. 
 
 l 
 Tie compensation awards directly to key financial metrics with evaluations based on achieving and overachieving predetermined objectives. 
 
 Our reward package is based primarily on results achieved by the Company as a whole. The Compensation Committee has the flexibility to exercise discretion to ensure total compensation appropriately reflects performance. The Compensation Committee rarely exercises this discretion. 
 Competitive Compensation 
 Aggregate compensation for each Named Executive Officer is designed to be market competitive. The Compensation Committee researches and refers to the compensation practices of similarly-situated companies in determining our compensation policy. Although the Compensation Committee reviews each element of compensation for market competitiveness and may weigh a particular element more heavily than another based on our Named Executive Officer s role within the Company, the focus remains on being competitive in the market with respect to total compensation. 
 In particular, we are a global cloud software company with greater than 95 of our revenues outside of Canada, including 56 of our revenues in the U.S. All of our Named Executive Officers, including our CEO, and a majority of our executive leadership team are located in the highly competitive Silicon Valley a key market for multi-national executive talent in the software and technology industry. Our executive compensation benchmarking, like that of our direct competitors, is focused on the compensation practices of U.S.-based peer companies, as we generally recruit from U.S.-based competitors for executive leadership talent. Executive talent from Canada and adjacent sectors such as telecommunications is not viewed as reflecting the 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 same competition for company talent. See Peer Group for details of OpenText s profile relative to the selected peer group as well as the relative peer group pay positioning of the CEO and Named Executive Officers, respectively. 
 The Compensation Committee recognizes that, while executive compensation levels in the United States are higher than the market for compensation in Canada, recruiting talent from this area is critical for our success. Attracting and retaining talent with the highest level of industry expertise is a key part of the Company s business and strategy, and therefore our compensation practices must align with market expectations where the industry skills reside. Further, the Compensation Committee also acknowledges that paying U.S. market compensation to U.S. executives in U.S. dollars may result in higher relative compensation compared to other Canadian companies. Converting amounts paid to U.S.-based executives in U.S. dollars to Canadian dollars further inflates the compensation in Canadian dollars if analyzed against other Canadian companies. Despite the elevated compensation relative to Canadian companies, the Compensation Committee believes that the Company s pay practice of paying according to each executive s local market serves the long-term interests of our shareholders and enhances our ability to find appropriate leadership talent. 
 Peer Group 
 The Compensation Committee periodically reviews market data related to compensation levels and programs at comparable peer companies. Our peer group consists of companies in the software and technology industry. The peer group is reviewed annually. In July 2022, when setting compensation for Fiscal 2023, no new companies were added to or removed from our peer group. In April 2023, in line with our key metrics considered for our peer group, which included an increase in revenue, market capitalization, number of employees and net income as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition, we updated our peer group to reflect our new size and scope of our operations. Below are our peer groups used to set Fiscal 2023 pay and changes made to reflect the addition of the Micro Focus organization, as well as the criteria considered in establishing the peer groups. 
 General Description Criteria Considered Peer Group used in July 2022 to set Fiscal 2023 Compensation Program Peer Group Updated as of April 2023 based on Company Size and Scope including the Impact of the Micro Focus Acquisition Global software and service providers that are similar in size, business complexity, and scope of operations to us. Key metrics considered include revenue, market capitalization, number of employees, and net income. 
 Generally, organizations within our peer group are in a similar software/technology industry with similar revenues, market size and number of employees. 
 Akamai Technology, Inc. Amdocs Ltd. Autodesk, Inc. Avaya Inc. Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Cadence Design Systems, Inc. CDK Global LLC Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Citrix Systems, Inc. NetApp, Inc. Pitney Bowes Inc. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Sabre Corporation SS C Technologies, Inc. Synopsys, Inc. Teradata Corporation Akamai Technology, Inc. Amdocs Ltd. Autodesk, Inc. Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Cadence Design Systems, Inc. CGI Inc. DXC Technology Company Euronet Worldwide, Inc. Fortinet, Inc. Gartner Inc. Gen Digital Inc. GoDaddy Inc. NCR Corporation NetApp, Inc. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Paychex Inc. Roper Technologies Inc. Splunk Inc. SS C Technologies, Inc. Synopsys, Inc. Workday, Inc. 
 OpenText revenues and operating income are positioned at the 75 th and 25 th percentiles, respectively, compared to the updated peer group as of April 2023. Following the adoption of our updated peer group, our CEO s target pay positioning was aligned closer to the market median as summarized in the following table: 
 Position to Market Median of July 2022 Peer Group Position to Market Median of Peer Group Updated Effective April 2023 Total Target Cash Compensation Total Target Direct Compensation Total Target Cash Compensation Total Target Direct Compensation CEO 50 th Percentile 
 50 th -75 th Percentile 
 50 th Percentile 
 50 th Percentile 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation Oversight Process 
 
 Role of Compensation Committee 
 The Compensation Committee has responsibility for the oversight of executive compensation within the terms and conditions of our various compensation plans. The Compensation Committee approves the compensation of our executive officers, with the exception of our CEO. Compensation decisions for our executive officers consider, among other things, performance goals, base salary, bonuses, executive benefits, short-term incentives and long-term incentives. The Compensation Committee also considers the input of the CEO with respect to his direct reports. The Compensation Committee considers CEO compensation without the CEO present and makes recommendations to the Board for approval. The Compensation Committee reviews and recommends for approval all equity awards related to executive compensation prior to final approval by the Board. Further, the Compensation Committee supports the Board with respect to succession and development of our executive officers; reports to the Board on human resources matters including reviewing and discussing the progress of our equity, diversity and inclusion efforts across our global talent; provides input on human capital disclosures; and reviews our approach to retirement programs. 
 The Board, the Compensation Committee, and our management have instituted a set of detailed policies and procedures to evaluate the performance of each of our Named Executive Officers which help determine the amount of the short-term incentives and long-term incentives to award to each Named Executive Officer. The performance of each of our Named Executive Officers, other than our CEO, is assessed by our CEO in his capacity as the direct supervisor of the other Named Executive Officers. The performance of our CEO is assessed by the Board (excluding the CEO). The Board conducts discussions and makes decisions with respect to the performance of our CEO in special sessions from which management and the CEO is absent. 
 The Compensation Committee considers previous compensation awards, competitive market practice, the impact of tax and accounting treatments, applicable regulatory requirements, any material acquisitions closed during the year and the results of the most recent shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation when approving compensation programs. See Shareholder Engagement and Say-on-Pay. 
 During Fiscal 2023, the Committee s work included the following: 
 Executive Compensation Review - The Compensation Committee continually reviews compensation practices and policies with respect to our senior management team against similar-sized software and technology companies with a global presence, in order to allow us to place our compensation practices for these positions in a market context. This benchmarking may include a review of base salary, short-term incentives and long-term incentives. 
 Long-Term Incentive Plan - The Compensation Committee reviewed semi-annual analysis provided by Mercer Canada Limited (Mercer) related to performance under all outstanding Performance Share Unit Programs (for details on the programs, refer to the section titled Long Term Incentives ). 
 Although the Compensation Committee has responsibility for decisions on executive compensation, it may consider input from management, analysis provided by the compensation consultant, as well as other factors that the Committee considers appropriate. 
 
 Compensation Consultant 
 NASDAQ standards require compensation committees to have certain responsibilities and authority regarding the retention, oversight and funding of committees advisors and perform an evaluation of each advisor s independence, taking into consideration all factors relevant to that person s independence from management. NASDAQ standards also require that such rights and responsibilities be enumerated in the compensation committee s charter. While, as a foreign private issuer under the U.S. federal securities laws, we are exempt from these rules, nonetheless, our Compensation Committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate outside consultants. From time to time, the Compensation Committee seeks the advice of an outside compensation consultant to provide assistance and guidance on compensation issues. The compensation consultant may provide the Compensation Committee with relevant information pertaining to market compensation levels, alternative compensation plan designs, market trends and best practices and may assist the Compensation Committee with respect to determining the appropriate benchmarks for each Named Executive Officer s compensation. 
 In Fiscal 2023, the Compensation Committee retained Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. (FW Cook), an independent consulting firm specializing in executive compensation consulting. During Fiscal 2023, the Chairman and members of the Compensation Committee held discussions from time to time with representatives of FW Cook in connection with compensation market practices, and potential impacts on Company s financial performance. FW Cook reviewed relevant information and industry benchmarks on matters relating to CEO and executive officer compensation. In addition, in Fiscal 2023, management engaged AON Consulting, Inc. (AON), an independent consulting firm, to review our peer group and supply 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 market data to assist in the evaluation of our approach to executive and director compensation. For further information, see Compensation Philosophy and Objectives. 
 The Compensation Committee met six times during Fiscal 2023. Management assisted in the coordination and preparation of the meeting agenda and materials for each meeting. The agenda is reviewed and approved by the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. The meeting materials are generally posted and made available to the other Committee members and invitees, if any, for review approximately one week in advance of each meeting. Following each meeting, the Compensation Committee reported items that it, in its determination, considered noteworthy to the Board. 
 
 Compensation Decisions for Fiscal 2023 
 Our compensation philosophy is to consider market data and the relative position of total compensation for our Named Executive Officers. Most executive compensation decisions were made in the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, at which time the Compensation Committee considered performance, size, pay amounts, and incentive design relative to our peer group. 
 The Performance Share Unit Plan awards granted in 2019, which vested in September 2022, were measured against the constituents of the S P MidCap400 Software and Services Index. Absolute TSR for the measurement period was negative 9 , which was 32 nd percentile TSR performance, above the peer group s 25 th percentile TSR performance of negative 19 and below the median TSR of +17 . The Committee reviewed these results and concluded that the formulaic payout factor was 64 of target, based on a linear interpolation applied between the 25 th and 50 th percentiles as applied according to the plan s payout table. The below-target funding combined with the reduction in share price for the period aligned with the 2019 Performance Share Unit Plan s objective of aligning actual executive compensation with our shareholders experience. 
 During Fiscal 2023, our CEO was not provided any adjustment to base salary despite having had no increase in base salary for the past five fiscal years. Other Named Executive Officers were provided with adjustments to their base salary and short-term incentive targets based on market data following the increase in scope of their roles upon close of the Micro Focus Acquisition. The short-term target incentive opportunity for all Named Executive Officers was adjusted on a pro-rated basis to reflect the increase in responsibilities of leading the larger, integrated organization, including for our CEO. 
 To ensure an appropriate portion of our Named Executive Officers pay is at risk in alignment with our selected peer group, and with the advice of our external compensation consultant, for Fiscal 2023 we increased the long-term incentive targets of our Named Executive Officers (excluding our CEO), a component of total compensation where we have historically lagged the market. For our CEO, the long-term incentive target remains unchanged year-over-year. Similar to previous years, the Compensation Committee considered this increase to the long-term incentive compensation of our other Named Executive Officers appropriate in light of the need to retain high-quality leadership to drive our growth strategy, our historical strong performance relative to our peers and the positive future trajectory of the Company. 
 Further, prior to setting executive compensation, the Compensation Committee considered internal pay equity and determined that, given the dual responsibilities of being both CEO and CTO, the ratio of the CEO s pay to that of our other Named Executive Officers is appropriate. 
 Aligning CEO Pay with Shareholders Interests 
 We look at pay for performance from different perspectives to ensure there is strong alignment between what our executive officers earn and our TSR. A realized and realizable pay analysis shows the actual value of compensation awarded to our CEO in each of the last five fiscal years as of June 30, 2023 relative to the amount reported. This analysis also compares the actual value to the CEO for each 100 of compensation awarded each fiscal year to the value earned by shareholders over the same period. We have indexed these values at 100 to provide a meaningful comparison. 
 The graphic and table below illustrate that the actual value of CEO compensation is aligned with the experience of shareholders because CEO realized and realizable compensation directly correlates to TSR performance. This analysis shows 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 that the executive compensation program has performed as intended, reinforcing accountability as the actual value (realized and realizable) for each fiscal year fluctuates with our share performance. 
 
 Fiscal year Total direct 
 compensation 
 awarded (1) 
 Actual value (realized 
 and realizable) at 
 June 30, 2023 (2) 
 Period Value of 100 CEO (3) 
 Shareholders (4) 
 2019 8,082,359 9,857,985 July 1, 2018 to June 30, 2023 
 121.97 130.37 2020 9,702,562 6,277,263 July 1, 2019 to June 30, 2023 
 64.70 109.52 2021 20,930,804 8,608,640 July 1, 2020 to June 30, 2023 
 41.13 104.45 2022 15,920,496 9,789,848 July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2023 
 61.49 86.05 2023 23,227,232 14,663,667 July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023 
 63.13 113.46 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Includes salary, short-term incentive, stock awards and option awards, as reported in the summary compensation table each year. For Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2023, the value of performance stock options included in total direct compensation awarded represents the grant date fair value as calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718 as reported in the Summary Compensation Table for the applicable year. 
 (2) Represents the actual value to the CEO of compensation awarded each year, realized between grant and June 30, 2023 or still realizable on June 30, 2023. Realized value includes cash compensation paid for the fiscal year, including salary, short-term incentive (earned for the fiscal year but paid in the following fiscal year), payouts of RSUs and PSUs that have vested, and gains realized from stock options exercised. Realizable value includes the value of RSUs and PSUs that have not vested, and outstanding stock options that were in-the-money. 
 (3) Represents the actual value (realized and realizable) to the CEO for each 100 of total direct compensation awarded for each fiscal year. 
 (4) Represents the cumulative value for each of the periods noted of a 100 investment in common shares made on the first trading day of the period, assuming dividends are reinvested. 
 Further, the value that our executives realize from our long-term incentive programs is a key driver of the pay for performance relationship. The table below illustrates the difference in actual value (realized and realizable) and the grant date fair value of stock and option awards as reported in the summary compensation table each year. 
 The actual value (realized and realizable) received by our CEO has been 46 lower than the grant date fair value of stock and option awards reported in the summary compensation table over the last five fiscal years. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Grant date Number of stock awards (1) 
 Number of option awards (1) 
 Exercise price of options Grant date fair value reported (2) 
 Actual value (realized and realizable) at June 30, 2023 (3) 
 August 6, 2018 161,040 39.27 1,407,800 367,171 August 6, 2018 111,960 3,693,934 6,510,189 August 5, 2019 273,010 38.76 1,751,342 761,698 August 5, 2019 124,410 4,970,594 2,534,939 August 10, 2020 213,680 45.81 1,750,993 August 10, 2020 750,000 (4) 45.81 7,635,000 August 10, 2020 174,810 8,991,036 6,054,865 August 9, 2021 256,410 52.62 2,499,173 August 9, 2021 144,160 9,621,323 5,989,848 August 8, 2022 306,370 39.09 2,499,263 753,670 August 8, 2022 184,770 9,189,844 7,677,194 August 29, 2022 1,000,000 (4) 31.89 8,090,000 2,784,679 Total (Reported vs. Actual Value) 62,100,302 33,434,253 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Number of stock and option awards reported in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table relating to Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2023. PSUs are reported at target. All option awards granted remain outstanding and have not been exercised for value. 
 (2) The amount recognized as the aggregate grant date fair value of equity-based compensation awards, as calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718 for the fiscal year in which the awards were granted, as reported in the summary compensation table for the applicable year. 
 (3) Based upon the closing price for the Company s Common Shares as traded on the NASDAQ on June 30, 2023 of 41.55. 
 (4) In Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2023, Mr. Barrenechea was granted performance stock options with vesting subject to certain performance conditions. The amount in the table represents the grant date fair value as calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718 for the fiscal year in which the awards were granted, as reported in the summary compensation table for the applicable year. The actual value of the performance stock options represents the number of performance stock options that have vested as of June 30, 2023, that have achieved certain performance criteria as discussed in Long-Term Equity Grants to CEO below. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Realizable Pay Analysis Relative to Peers 
 The following graph demonstrates the degree of alignment between our CEO realizable pay and OpenText TSR over the last three years relative to our current industry peer group. Companies that fall within the diagonal bar are generally viewed as peers having pay for performance alignment. Over the three-year period, our CEO realizable pay was aligned with TSR in the bottom quartile (and below all but three of our 21 peers), positioning our CEO within the zone of realizable alignment. This demonstrates the effectiveness of the pay for performance design of our executive compensation program as per plan design to recognize relative TSR performance. 
 
 The realizable pay analysis compares our relative TSR performance for the period of June 30, 2020 to June 30, 2023 to our current peer group for the same period, using publicly disclosed information. Realizable pay uses the values included in Aligning CEO Pay with Shareholders Interests table above. 
 Our Compensation Program 
 We believe that transparent, objective and easily verifiable corporate goals play an important role in creating and maintaining an effective compensation strategy for our Named Executive Officers. Our objective is to facilitate an increase in shareholder value, over the longer term, through the achievement of these corporate goals under the leadership of our Named Executive Officers working in conjunction with all of our valued employees. 
 We use a combination of fixed and variable compensation to motivate our executive officers to achieve our corporate goals. For Fiscal 2023, the basic components of our executive officer compensation program were: 
 Fixed pay; 
 Short-term incentives; and 
 Long-term incentives. 
 To ensure alignment of the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our shareholders, our executive officers have a significant proportion of compensation at risk. Compensation that is at risk means compensation that may or may not be paid to an executive officer depending on whether the Company and such executive officer is able to meet or exceed applicable performance targets. Short-term incentives and long-term incentives meet this definition of compensation which is at risk, and long-term incentives are an additional incentive used to promote the creation of longer-term shareholder value. In general, the greater the executive officer s influence upon our financial or operational results, the higher is the at risk portion of the executive officer s compensation. The Board and the Compensation Committee have broad discretion to make positive or negative adjustments if it considers them to be reasonably appropriate. Discretion may, from time to time, be applied in order to avoid unintended windfalls or penalties for plan participants. Events that might warrant such discretionary adjustments include, but are not limited to, terrorism, political unrest, war, pandemics and natural disasters. No such discretion was applied to the variable cash incentive payouts nor long-term incentive payouts during Fiscal 2023. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 The Compensation Committee annually considers the percentage of each Named Executive Officer s total compensation that is at risk depending on the Named Executive Officer s responsibilities and objectives. 
 The chart below provides the approximate percentage of target total compensation, reflective of the compensation adjustments discussed above, provided to each Named Executive Officer that was either fixed pay or at risk for Fiscal 2023: 
 Named Executive Officer Fixed Pay Percentage Not At Risk Short-Term Incentive Percentage (at 100 target) At Risk Long-Term Incentive Percentage (at 100 target) At Risk Mark J. Barrenechea 8 11 81 Madhu Ranganathan 19 19 62 Simon Harrison 22 21 57 Muhi Majzoub 22 21 57 Paul Duggan 27 26 47 
 
 Fixed Pay 
 Fixed pay includes: 
 Base salary; 
 Perquisites; and 
 Other benefits. 
 
 Base Salary 
 The base salary review for each Named Executive Officer considers factors such as current competitive market conditions and the individual s particular skills (such as leadership ability and management effectiveness, experience, responsibility and proven or expected performance). The Compensation Committee obtains information regarding competitive market conditions through the assistance of management and our compensation consultants. 
 For details on our benchmarking process, see Competitive Compensation and Peer Group above. 
 
 Perquisites 
 Our Named Executive Officers receive a minimal amount of non-cash compensation in the form of executive perquisites. In order to remain competitive in the marketplace, our Named Executive Officers are entitled to some limited benefits that are not otherwise available to all of our employees, including: 
 An annual executive medical physical examination; and 
 An annual allowance to reimburse expenses to a pre-defined maximum related to financial planning, tax preparation or club memberships. 
 
 Other Benefits 
 We provide various employee benefit programs on the same terms to all employees, including our Named Executive Officers, such as, but not limited to: 
 Medical health insurance; 
 Dental insurance; 
 Life insurance; and 
 Tax-based retirement savings plans matching contributions. 
 
 Short-Term Incentives 
 In Fiscal 2023, all of our Named Executive Officers participated in our short-term incentive plan, which is designed to motivate achievement of our short-term corporate goals. These short-term corporate goals are typically derived from our annual business plan which is prepared by management and approved by the Board at the start of the fiscal year. Awards made under the short-term incentive plan are made using cash only. 
 The amount of the short-term incentive payable to each Named Executive Officer, in general, is based on the attainment of pre-established quantitative corporate objectives related to improving shareholder and company value, as applicable, which 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 are reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee and the Board. Mr. Barrenechea, Mrs. Ranganathan and Mr. Majzoub s objectives consist of worldwide revenues, AOI and the MF SPIP. 
 Worldwide revenues are derived from the Total Revenues line of our audited income statement with certain adjustments relating to the aging of accounts receivable. Worldwide revenues are an important metric for measuring our growth and profitability to help us to assess our Named Executive Officers performance. 
 AOI, which is intended to reflect the operational effectiveness of our leadership by showing our ability to generate profits from our operational activities, is calculated as total revenues less the total cost of revenues and operating expenses excluding amortization of intangible assets, special charges and stock-based compensation expense. AOI is also adjusted to remove the impact of foreign exchange. 
 Due to his responsibilities as Executive Vice President, Enterprise Sales, Mr. Harrison s objectives consist of enterprise license revenue, first year maintenance (FYM), cloud new contract value (NCV), Enterprise professional services revenue (PS) primarily within North America and EMEA and AOI and MF SPIP. 
 Enterprise license revenues are a component of License revenue line of our audited income statement. FYM is allocated for the first annual term of maintenance as invoiced for new license deals, which is a component of our Customer support revenue line of our audited income statement. NCV is the total projected commissionable incremental revenue in a signed and written agreement between the Company and its customer. It represents the minimum amount of new revenue that we expect to receive from a contract. For the purposes of calculating the achievement of this performance objective, we consider only NCV that is derived from new business. Enterprise PS revenues are a component of our Professional Services and Other line of our audited income statement. 
 In Fiscal 2023, Mr. Duggan held the role of Executive Vice President, Worldwide Renewals from July 2022 through December 2022. Due to his responsibilities in this role, Mr. Duggan s objectives consisted of team cloud revenue and customer support revenue and AOI for this time period. Mr. Duggan transitioned to the role of Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer in January 2023. Due to his responsibilities as Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer, Mr. Duggan s objectives changed and consist of team cloud revenue, customer support revenue, and the addition of enterprise professional services revenue (PS) and AOI. Team cloud revenues are a component of Cloud services and subscriptions revenue line of our audited income statement and customer support revenues are a component of our Customer support revenue line of our audited income statement, and enterprise professional services revenues are a component of our Professional Services revenue line of our audited income statement. Mr. Duggan objectives also included the MF SPIP. 
 For Fiscal 2023, the following table illustrates the total short-term target awards, excluding the MF SPIP, for each Named Executive Officer, along with the associated weighting of the related performance measures. 
 Named Executive Officer Total Target Award Worldwide Revenues Enterprise License, FYM, NCV and PS Revenue Team Cloud, Customer Support and PS Revenue Worldwide Adjusted Operating Income Mark J. Barrenechea 1,425,000 50 N/A N/A 50 Madhu Ranganathan 660,000 50 N/A N/A 50 Simon Harrison 550,000 N/A 70 N/A 30 Muhi Majzoub 550,000 50 N/A N/A 50 Paul Duggan 550,000 N/A N/A 70 (1) 30 _______________________________ 
 (1) Mr. Duggan transitioned from the role of Executive Vice President, Worldwide Renewals to Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer in January 2023. For Fiscal 2023, team cloud and customer support revenue were performance measures from July 2022 through December 2022 and team cloud, customer support and PS revenue were performance measures from January 2023 through June 2023. Therefore, total short-term awards were prorated in accordance with the associated weighting in the table above. 
 For the short-term incentive award amounts that would be earned at each of threshold, target and maximum levels of performance, see Grants of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal 2023 below. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 For each performance measure noted above, the Compensation Committee approves the total target award eligible to be earned by a Named Executive Officer, and the Board applies a threshold and target level of performance. Where applicable, the Board also applies an objective formula for determining the percentage payout under awards for levels of performance above and below threshold and target. To the extent the performance goal is exceeded, the award will be proportionately greater. The threshold and target levels and payout formula are set forth below as well as actual performance and payouts as a percentage of targets achieved in Fiscal 2023. The Fiscal 2023 performance goal for worldwide adjusted operating income was set slightly below actual performance in Fiscal 2022 as a result of our long-term strategic plan to increase organic growth through an 80 million investment in research and development and sales and marketing. Without this strategic investment, which increased expenses and resulted in a reduction in the AOI target, the AOI goal would have been flat compared to the prior year actual results (excluding foreign currency headwinds for revenue). 
 The table below illustrates the percentage of the target awards paid to our Named Executive Officers in accordance with our actual results achieved during Fiscal 2023, with pre-established plan adjustments to remove the impact of foreign exchange as compared to plan (i.e. use of budgeted foreign exchange rates), which are outside of the control of the executives. 
 Objectives (in millions) Threshold Target Target Fiscal 2023 
 Actual 
 Target Actually Achieved of Payment per Fiscal 2023 Payout Table 
 Worldwide Revenues 3,202 3,558 3,532 99 85 Enterprise License, FYM, NCV and PS Revenue 968 1,076 964 90 15 Team Cloud, Customer Support and PS Revenue 2,495 2,772 2,804 101 158 Worldwide Adjusted Operating Income (1) 
 1,017 1,130 1,128 100 100 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) This is a non-GAAP measure, calculated as total revenues less the total cost of revenues and operating expenses excluding amortization of intangible assets, special charges and stock-based compensation expense. 
 In Fiscal 2023, we achieved 99 of our worldwide revenue target; 90 of our enterprise license, FYM, NCV and PS revenue; 101 of our team cloud, customer support and PS revenue; and 100 of our AOI target. The table below illustrates under the Attainment column that an achievement of 99 of target for the worldwide revenue performance criteria results in an award payment of 85 of the target award amount; an achievement of 90 of target for the enterprise license, FYM, NCV and PS revenue performance criteria results in an award payment of 15 of the target award amount; an achievement of 101 of target for the team cloud, customer support and PS revenue performance criteria results in an award payment of 158 ; and an achievement of 100 of target for the AOI performance criterion results in an award payment of 100 of the target award amount. 
 Our short-term incentive payout structure illustrated below is asymmetrical with the maximum attainment of 102 , resulting in a 200 payout, because this provides an incentive for significant revenue and AOI growth for the Company. For example, in Fiscal 2023, if revenues and AOI achieved the maximum attainment of 102 , it would have equated to 3.7 million in additional short-term incentive payouts for our CEO and other Named Executive Officers but would have also resulted in approximately an additional 71 million in revenues and 23 million in AOI for OpenText and its shareholders. 
 Worldwide Revenues, Enterprise License, FYM, NCV and PS Revenue, Team Cloud and Customer Support Revenue, Team Cloud, Customer Support, and PS Revenue and Worldwide Adjusted Operating Income - Attainment and Corresponding Payment Attainment Payment Attainment Payment 0 - 89 100.0 100 90 - 91 15 100.5 125 92 - 93 40 101.0 150 94 - 95 55 101.5 175 96 - 97 70 102 and above 200 cap 98 - 99 85 Formula: Actual / Target = of Attainment 
 (Linear x25 for every 0.5 over 100 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 The actual short-term incentive award earned by each Named Executive Officer for Fiscal 2023 was determined in accordance with the formulas described above and reflects the strong performance levels achieved by the Company in Fiscal 2023 related to this at risk compensation component. We have set forth below for each Named Executive Officer the award amount actually paid for Fiscal 2023, and the percentage of target award amount reflected by the actual award paid, broken out by performance measure as follows: 
 Mark J. Barrenechea 
 Performance Measure: 
 Payable at Target Payable at Threshold Actual Payable ) Actual Payable of Target) Worldwide Revenues 712,500 106,875 605,625 85 Worldwide Adjusted Operating Income 712,500 106,875 712,500 100 Total 1,425,000 213,750 1,318,125 93 
 Madhu Ranganathan 
 Performance Measure: 
 Payable at Target Payable at Threshold Actual Payable ) Actual Payable of Target) Worldwide Revenues 330,000 49,500 280,500 85 Worldwide Adjusted Operating Income 330,000 49,500 330,000 100 Total 660,000 99,000 610,500 93 
 Simon Harrison 
 Performance Measure: 
 Payable at Target Payable at Threshold Actual Payable ) Actual Payable of Target) Enterprise License, FYM, NCV and PS Revenue 385,000 57,750 57,750 15 Worldwide Adjusted Operating Income 165,000 24,750 165,000 100 Total 550,000 82,500 222,750 41 
 Muhi Majzoub 
 Performance Measure: 
 Payable at Target Payable at Threshold Actual Payable ) Actual Payable of Target) Worldwide Revenues 275,000 41,250 233,750 85 Worldwide Adjusted Operating Income 275,000 41,250 275,000 100 Total 550,000 82,500 508,750 93 
 Paul Duggan 
 Performance Measure: 
 Payable at Target Payable at Threshold Actual Payable ) Actual Payable of Target) Team Cloud, Customer Support and PS Revenue 385,000 57,750 608,300 158 Worldwide Adjusted Operating Income 165,000 24,750 165,000 100 Total 550,000 82,500 773,300 141 
 
 Micro Focus Special Performance Incentive Plan (MF SPIP) 
 The Fiscal 2023 short-term incentive plan performance results and targets discussed above excluded the Micro Focus results for the five-month period from February 2023 to June 2023. No adjustment was made to the expected performance of stand-alone OpenText operations. This was to ensure line of sight to achievement and measurement of the performance objectives set for the OpenText operations, excluding the impact of the acquisition for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 2022. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 The MF SPIP was added to our compensation program to account for the Micro Focus Acquisition on January 31, 2023. Our CEO and other Named Executive Officers increased their responsibilities while leading the larger, integrated Company after the acquisition, so their short-term target incentives relating to Micro Focus revenues for the last five months ending June 30, 2023 were adjusted. The core worldwide incentive plan in place prior to the acquisition focused on metrics attributable to OpenText stand-alone operations, so an incremental incentive plan was introduced with a new measure tied to the immediate five-month stabilization of Micro Focus revenues for the period of February 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023. This met the total company objectives of continued focus on delivering on the OpenText business objectives for the year while also delivering on the Micro Focus integration plan and Micro Focus customer retention. The MF SPIP is tied to Micro Focus revenues, which is included in the Total Revenues line of our audited income statement with certain adjustments relating to the aging of accounts receivable. This is an important metric for measuring the stabilization of Micro Focus revenues. 
 The Committee approved this program to pay 1.6 million in bonuses to our Named Executive Officers for achieving the goal of between 864 million and 944 million in Micro Focus revenue (96 and 104.9 , respectively, of 900 million target). We achieved 978 million in Micro Focus revenues, equating to 108.6 of target, which resulted in a total of 3.2 million in bonuses paid under the MF SPIP (200 payout). This recognized the short-term business objective of stabilizing Micro Focus revenue and acknowledged the increased scope of the roles of the Named Executive Officers who assumed additional accountability for the combined OpenText and Micro Focus organizations. 
 The amount of the MF SPIP payable to each Named Executive Officer, in general, is based on the attainment of pre-established quantitative corporate objectives which were reviewed and approved by the Compensation Committee and the Board. 
 The table below illustrates the percentage of the target awards related to the MF SPIP paid to our Named Executive Officers in accordance with our actual results achieved during Fiscal 2023, with adjustments to remove the impact of foreign exchange as compared to budgeted rates, which are outside of the control of the executives. 
 Objective (in millions) Threshold Target Target Fiscal 2023 
 Actual 
 Target Actually Achieved of Payment per Fiscal 2023 Payout Table 
 FY23 Micro Focus Revenues for the five months ended June 30, 2023 846 900 978 109 200 
 In Fiscal 2023, we achieved 108.6 of our MF SPIP target. The table below illustrates under the Attainment column that an achievement of 108.6 of target for the MF SPIP performance criteria results in an award payment of 200 of the target award amount. 
 FY23 Micro Focus Special Performance Incentive Plan Attainment Payment 0 - 93.9 94.0 - 95.9 50 96.0 - 104.9 100 105.0 - 106.9 150 107 and above 200 cap Formula: Actual / Target = of Attainment 
 For Fiscal 2023, the following table illustrates the MF SPIP award amount actually paid and the percentage of target award amount represented by the actual award paid for each Named Executive Officer. 
 Named Executive Officer Payable at Target Payable at Threshold Actual Payable ) Actual Payable of Target) Mark J. Barrenechea 590,000 295,000 1,180,000 200 Madhu Ranganathan 250,000 125,000 500,000 200 Simon Harrison 250,000 125,000 500,000 200 Muhi Majzoub 250,000 125,000 500,000 200 Paul Duggan 250,000 125,000 500,000 200 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Long-Term Incentives 
 As with many North American software and technology companies, we have a general practice of granting variable long-term incentives to executive officers, including our Named Executive Officers. Our long-term incentives represent a significant proportion of our Named Executive Officers total compensation, and its purpose is two-fold: (i) as a component of a competitive compensation package; and (ii) to align the interests of our Named Executive Officers with the interests of our shareholders. The target value of the annual grants are consistent with competitive market practice, set to ensure that annual total direct target compensation package is appropriately positioned relative to our industry peer group for each Named Executive Officers. Grant amounts take into account the desired pay mix, competitive positioning and internal equity across our Named Executive Officers. Vesting occurs over time, to ensure alignment with our performance over the longer term. Usually, a very high percentage of the long-term incentive is at risk indicating we will not provide any compensation to the executive unless shareholders have received a positive return. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans (LTIP) - General 
 We incentivize our executive officers, including our Named Executive Officers, in part, with long-term compensation pursuant to our LTIP. For each LTIP grant, a target value is established by the Compensation Committee for each Named Executive Officer, except for the CEO , whose target value is established by the Board, based on competitive market practice and by the respective Named Executive Officer s ability to influence financial or operational performance. 
 The performance goals and the weightings of performance goals under each LTIP are first recommended by the Compensation Committee and then approved by the Board. Grants are generally made annually and are comprised of the components outlined in the table below. No dividends were paid or accrued on PSUs or RSUs for grants made prior to Fiscal 2023. For grants made during or after Fiscal 2023, when cash dividends are paid by the Company on outstanding Common Shares, the Company will credit additional dividend equivalent PSUs and RSUs to the participant s account. Dividend equivalent PSUs and RSUs will be subject to the same terms and conditions as the granted PSUs or RSUs, as applicable, and vest and are settled at the same time and in the same form as the PSUs or RSUs to which such dividend equivalent PSUs or RSUs relate. 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Vehicle of Total LTIP Description Vesting Payout Performance Share Units (PSUs) 50 of LTIP target award value The value of each PSU is equivalent to one Common Share. The number of PSUs granted is determined by converting the dollar value of the target award to PSUs, based on an average share price determined at time of Board grant. The number of PSUs to vest will be based on the Company s relative TSR at the end of a three-year period as compared to the TSR of companies comprising the performance peer group. For Fiscal 2023, Relative TSR was measured against the constituents of the S P MidCap400 Software and Services Index and for Fiscal 2024, Relative TSR will be measured against the constituents of the NASDAQ Composite Index. Cliff vesting in the third year following the determination by the Board that the performance criteria have been met. Once vested, units will be settled in either Common Shares or cash, at the discretion of the Board. We expect to settle these awards in Common Shares. Restricted Share Units (RSUs) 25 of LTIP target award value The value of each RSU is equivalent to one Common Share. The number of RSUs granted is determined by converting the dollar value of the target award to RSUs, based on an average share price determined at time of Board grant. Cliff vesting, generally three years after grant date. Once vested, units will be settled in either Common Shares or cash, at the discretion of the Board. We expect to settle these awards in Common Shares. Stock Options 25 of LTIP target award value The dollar value of the target award is converted to a number of options using a Black-Scholes model. The exercise price is equal to the closing price of our Common Shares on the trading day preceding the date of grant. Vesting is typically 25 on each of the first four anniversaries of grant date. Options expire seven years after the grant date. Once vested, participants may exercise options for Common Shares. 
 
 Payouts under LTIP grants: 
 May be subject to certain limitations in the event of early termination of employment or change in control of the Company; and 
 Are subject to mandatory repayment or claw-back in the event of fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence by an employee, including a Named Executive Officer, affecting the financial performance or financial statements of the Company or the price of our Common Shares. 
 
 LTIP 
 Grants made in Fiscal 2023 under the LTIP were granted on August 8, 2022 with the goal of measuring performance over a three-year period (from July 1, 2022 to September 15, 2025). The table below illustrates the target value of each element under the LTIP for each Named Executive Officer. 
 Named Executive Officer Performance Share Units Value Restricted Share Units Value Stock Options Value Total Mark J. Barrenechea 5,000,000 2,500,000 2,500,000 10,000,000 Madhu Ranganathan 1,100,000 550,000 550,000 2,200,000 Simon Harrison 742,500 371,250 371,250 1,485,000 Muhi Majzoub 742,500 371,250 371,250 1,485,000 Paul Duggan 500,000 250,000 250,000 1,000,000 
 
 The LTIP is an annual program. For details of our previous LTIPs, see Item 11 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the relevant year. 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 LTIP - PSUs 
 With respect to our PSUs, we used relative TSR to benchmark the Company s performance against the performance of the corporations comprising the constituents of the S P Mid Cap 400 Software Services Index for the Fiscal 2023 award. The S P Mid Cap 400 Software Services Index is comprised of a subset of software and services companies of the S P Mid Cap 400, which consists of 400 U.S. public companies with market capitalization of 1.4 billion to 17.8 billion and is a measure of the performance of mid-sized companies. Relative TSR is the sole measure for each Named Executive Officer s performance over the relevant three-year period with respect to PSUs. 
 PSUs granted for Fiscal 2024 will include a Relative TSR metric as part of their long-term incentive plan design. Relative TSR will be calculated in comparison to the NASDAQ Composite Index which correlates better to our own market movement. The NASDAQ Composite Index will replace the previous index for the Fiscal 2024 grant. This change reflects our new size and scope of operations as a result of the Micro Focus Acquisition while providing for a larger peer group reflecting a wide range of shareholder alternatives for investment choices. 
 If the Company s cumulative Relative TSR, compared to the cumulative TSR of the Index is: Then the percentage of the PSU target award that will be paid out will be: Below 25 th percentile 
 0 25 th percentile 
 50 50 th percentile 
 100 80 th percentile 
 200 
 Any target percentile achieved between 25 th and 80 th percentile will be interpolated to determine a payout that can range from 50 to 200 of the target award. External benchmarking shows that the threshold of the 25 th percentile with a 50 payout, is the majority practice among our peer group. 
 The amounts that may be realized for PSU awards are as follows, calculated based on the market price of our Common Shares on the NASDAQ as of June 30, 2023, and applied to the number of PSUs granted to the Named Executive Officers on August 8, 2022, based on the levels of achievement disclosed above. See Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2023 for the number of PSUs granted in Fiscal 2023. 
 LTIP PSUs value as of June 30, 2023 Named Executive Officer 50 Payout 
 100 Payout 
 200 Payout 
 Mark J. Barrenechea 2,635,579 5,271,158 10,542,316 Madhu Ranganathan 579,831 1,159,661 2,319,322 Simon Harrison 391,339 782,677 1,565,354 Muhi Majzoub 391,339 782,677 1,565,354 Paul Duggan 263,593 527,186 1,054,372 
 
 LTIP - RSUs 
 RSUs vest after three years and do not have any specific performance-based vesting criteria. Provided the eligible employee remains employed throughout the vesting period, all RSUs granted will become vested RSUs at the end of the three year period. 
 The following RSU award values have been calculated based on the market price of our Common Shares on the NASDAQ as of June 30, 2023, and applied to the number of RSUs granted to the Named Executive Officers on August 8, 2022. See Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2023 for the number of RSUs granted in Fiscal 2023. 
 LTIP RSUs Named Executive Officer Value as of June 30, 2023 
 Mark J. Barrenechea 2,635,558 Madhu Ranganathan 579,830 Simon Harrison 391,567 Muhi Majzoub 391,567 Paul Duggan 263,593 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 LTIP - Stock Options 
 The stock options granted in connection with the annual LTIP program vest over four years, do not have any specific performance-based vesting criteria and, if not exercised, expire after seven years. Our Named Executive Officers will realize value on these stock options only if there is future OpenText share price appreciation from the date of grant. For a discussion of the assumptions used in the valuation of stock options, see Note 13 Share Capital, Option Plans and Share-based Payments to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 With respect to stock option grants, the Board will determine the following, based upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee: the executive officers entitled to participate in our stock option plan, the number of options to be granted, and any other material terms and conditions of the stock option grant. 
 All stock option grants, whether part of the LTIP or granted separately for new hires, promotions, retention or other reasons, are governed by our stock option plans. In addition, grants and exercises of stock options are subject to our Insider Trading Policy. For details of our Insider Trading Policy, see Other Information with Respect to Our Compensation Program - Insider Trading Policy below. 
 
 Other Long-Term Equity Grants 
 In Fiscal 2023, we made a grant of stock options to our Named Executive Officers (excluding our CEO - see Long-Term Equity Grants to CEO ), following the announcement of the Micro Focus Acquisition. The stock option grants have a four-year vesting horizon and do not begin vesting until year two. With the increased size of the organization, which includes the Named Executive Officers leading a larger combined OpenText organization for their respective functions, the objective of the one-time grants was to retain and engage the leadership team to successfully integrate Micro Focus and execute on the combined company s operational goals over the next two to four years in order to achieve sustainable growth and long-term shareholder value. 
 
 Long-Term Equity Grants to CEO 
 In connection with the Compensation Committee s review of competitive compensation and the review of Mr. Barrenechea s performance, as discussed earlier under Compensation Decisions for Fiscal 2023 , on August 29, 2022, Mr. Barrenechea was awarded a grant of performance stock options with an exercise price of 31.89, a seven-year term, and vesting subject to certain performance conditions provided that Mr. Barrenechea remains an employee. The grant was made after the announcement of the Micro Focus Acquisition and was in recognition of the size, importance and need to achieve the stated benefits and synergies associated with the transaction. 
 These performance options will vest based on the extent to which the average closing price (ACP) of the Common Shares on the NASDAQ for the trading days in any fiscal quarter commencing October 1, 2022, prior to the expiration of the options, exceeds the exercise price by a specified percentage or greater (subject to a linear interpolation for quarterly ACP between the performance levels outlined below). Absolute share growth at target performance 44.65 reflecting an increase of 40 will result in 500,000 options vesting, with no options vesting below threshold performance 38.27 reflecting an increase of 20 and 1,000,000 options vesting if maximum performance is achieved 51.02 reflecting an increase of 60 ). No more than 1,000,000 performance options (2x target) may vest under the award. 
 ACP Increase ) Illustrative ACP ) 
 Aggregate Number of Options to Vest 
 Threshold (20 38.27 200,000 30 41.46 350,000 Target (40 44.65 500,000 50 47.84 750,000 Maximum (60 51.02 1,000,000 
 To the extent that any performance options vest during the first five-year period, the options (or the underlying Common Shares upon exercise) must be held by Mr. Barrenechea until the earlier of the fifth anniversary of the date of grant and the date he ceases to be an employee. Any performance options that vest may be exercised by Mr. Barrenechea during this five-year period, provided that the Common Shares acquired on exercise, net of a number of Common Shares that may be sold by Mr. Barrenechea to fund the exercise price and any income taxes payable as a result of such exercise, must be held by Mr. Barrenechea for this same period. 
 
 Executive Change in Control and Severance Benefits 
 Our severance benefit agreements are designed to provide reasonable compensation to departing senior executive officers under certain circumstances. While we do not believe that the severance benefits would be a determinative factor in a senior 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 executive s decision to join or remain with the Company, the absence of such benefits, we believe, would present a distinct competitive disadvantage in the market for talented executive officers. Furthermore, we believe that it is important to set forth the benefits payable in triggering circumstances in advance to avoid future disputes or litigation. 
 The severance benefits we offer to our senior executive officers are competitive with similarly-situated individuals and companies. We have structured our senior executive officers change in control benefits as double trigger benefits, meaning that the benefits are paid only in the event of, first, a change in control transaction, and second, a change in relationship between the Company and the senior executive officer within one year after the transaction. These benefits attempt to provide an incentive to our senior executive officers to remain employed with the Company in the event of such a transaction. 
 
 Other Information with Respect to Our Compensation Program 
 
 Pension Plans 
 We do not provide pension benefits or any non-qualified deferred compensation to any of our Named Executive Officers. 
 
 Share Ownership Guidelines 
 We currently have equity ownership guidelines (Share Ownership Guidelines), the objective of which is to encourage our senior management, including our Named Executive Officers, and our directors to buy and hold Common Shares in the Company based upon an investment target. We believe that the Share Ownership Guidelines help align the financial interests of our senior management team and directors with the financial interests of our shareholders. 
 The equity ownership levels are as follows: 
 CEO 4x base salary Other senior management 1x base salary Non-management director 5x annual retainer 
 For purposes of the Share Ownership Guidelines, individuals are deemed to hold all securities over which he or she is the registered or beneficial owner thereof under the rules of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise in which such person has or shares: 
 voting power which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, such security; and/or 
 investment power which includes the power to dispose, or to direct the disposition of, such security. 
 Also, Common Shares will be valued at the greater of their book value (i.e., purchase price) or the current market value. On an annual basis, the Compensation Committee reviews the recommended ownership levels under the Share Ownership Guidelines and the compliance by our executive officers and directors with the Share Ownership Guidelines. 
 The Board originally implemented the Share Ownership Guidelines in October 2009 and recommends that equity ownership levels be achieved within five years of becoming a member of the executive leadership team, including Named Executive Officers. The Board also recommends that the executive leadership team retain their ownership levels for as long as they remain members of the executive leadership team. 
 
 Named Executive Officers 
 Named Executive Officers may achieve these Share Ownership Guidelines through the exercise of stock option awards, Common Shares received as a result of vested RSUs or PSUs, purchases under the OpenText Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), through open market purchases made in compliance with applicable securities laws or through any equity plan(s) we may adopt from time to time providing for the acquisition of Common Shares. Until the Share Ownership Guidelines are met, it is recommended that a Named Executive Officer retain a portion of any stock option exercise or LTIP award in Common Shares to contribute to the achievement of the Share Ownership Guidelines. Common Shares issuable pursuant to the unexercised options are not counted towards meeting the equity ownership target. 
 All Named Executive Officers had complied with the Share Ownership Guidelines for Fiscal 2023. However, due to increases in responsibilities and related compensation in Fiscal 2023, Mr. Duggan is currently below the requirements of the Share Ownership Guidelines and expects to be compliant in Fiscal 2024. 
 Directors 
 With respect to non-management directors, both Common Shares and deferred stock units (DSUs) are counted towards the achievement of the Share Ownership Guidelines. The Company currently has a Directors Deferred Share Unit Plan (DSU Plan), whereby any non-management director of the Company may elect to defer all or part of his or her retainer and/or fees in the form of common stock equivalents. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, all non-management directors, have 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 exceeded the Share Ownership Guidelines applicable to them, which is five times their annual retainer. For further details, see the table below titled Director Compensation for Fiscal 2023. 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 All of our employees, officers and directors, including our Named Executive Officers, are required to comply with our Insider Trading Policy. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits the purchase, sale or trade of our securities with the knowledge of material inside information. In addition, our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our employees, officers and directors, including our Named Executive Officers, from, directly or indirectly, short selling any security of the Company or entering into any other arrangement that results in a gain only if the value of the Company s securities decline in the future, selling a call option giving the holder an option to purchase securities of the Company, or buying a put option giving the holder an option to sell securities of the Company. The definition of trading in securities includes any derivatives-based, monetization, non-recourse loan or similar arrangement that changes the insider s economic exposure to or interest in securities of the Company and which may not necessarily involve a sale. 
 All grants of stock options are subject to our Insider Trading Policy and as a result, stock options may not be granted during the blackout period beginning on the fifteenth day of the last month of each quarter and ending at the beginning of the second trading day following the date on which the Company s quarterly or annual financial results, as applicable, have been publicly released. If the Board approves the issuance of stock options during the blackout period, these stock options are not granted until the blackout period is over. The price at which stock options are granted is not less than the closing price of the Company s Common Shares on the trading day for the NASDAQ market immediately preceding the applicable grant date. 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth summary information concerning the annual compensation of our Named Executive Officers. All numbers are rounded to the nearest dollar or whole share. 
 Fiscal Year Salary ) (1) 
 Bonus 
 ) (2) 
 Stock Awards ) (3) 
 Option Awards ) (4) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (1)(5) 
 All Other Compensation ) (6) 
 Total ) Mark J. Barrenechea 2023 950,000 9,189,844 10,589,263 2,498,125 21,050 (7) 23,248,282 Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer 2022 950,000 9,621,323 2,499,173 2,850,000 16,947 (8) 15,937,443 2021 890,625 8,991,036 9,385,993 1,663,150 31,825 (8) 20,962,629 Madhu Ranganathan 2023 688,750 2,021,796 1,588,832 1,110,500 (9) 5,409,878 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2022 600,000 1,924,114 499,815 1,200,000 (8) 4,223,929 2021 468,750 1,765,137 1,319,658 937,534 (8) 4,491,079 Simon Harrison 2023 575,000 1,364,721 1,410,180 722,750 304,118 (10) 4,376,769 Executive Vice President, Enterprise Sales 2022 500,000 1,298,676 337,434 1,000,000 304,118 (10) 3,440,228 2021 421,875 1,415,475 1,140,192 844,239 304,118 (10) 4,125,899 Muhi Majzoub 2023 562,500 1,364,721 1,410,180 1,008,750 4,329 (11) 4,350,480 Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer 2022 500,000 1,298,676 337,434 1,000,000 4,995 (8) 3,141,105 2021 398,437 1,377,238 1,087,917 796,904 (8) 3,660,496 Paul Duggan 2023 575,000 919,134 1,288,957 1,273,300 10,110 (12) 4,066,501 Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer 2022 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A (13) N/A 2021 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A (13) N/A 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) Amounts reflect Fiscal 2021 COVID-19 compensation adjustments, which included a base salary reduction for each of the Named Executive Officers effective May 15, 2020, and the subsequent restoration of those adjustments which became effective December 1, 2020. See Item 11 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2021 for further details on our COVID-19 compensation adjustments. 
 (2) Amounts set forth in this column for Fiscal 2021 represent a special performance bonus, approved by the Board, equal to an amount equal to the reductions in their Fiscal 2020 salary and annual incentive payout made pursuant to the previously disclosed COVID-19 compensation adjustments. A special performance bonus was paid in September 2020; however, as it related to performance in Fiscal 2020, the bonus received by each of the Named Executive Officers was included in Fiscal 2020. 
 (3) The amounts set forth in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value, as computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718 Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718). Grant date fair value may vary from the target value indicated in the table set forth above in the section LTIP. For a discussion of the assumptions used in these valuations, see Note 13 Share Capital, Option Plans and Share-based Payments to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For the maximum value that may be received under the PSU 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 awards granted in Fiscal 2023 by each Named Executive Officer, see the Maximum column under Estimated Future Payouts under Equity Incentive Plan Awards under the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2023 table below. 
 (4) Amounts set forth in this column represent the amount recognized as the aggregate grant date fair value of stock option awards, as calculated in accordance with Topic 718 for the fiscal year in which the awards were granted. In all cases, these amounts do not reflect whether the recipient has actually realized a financial benefit from the exercise of the awards. The performance options granted to Mr. Barrenechea in Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2023 have been reflected and valued here, assuming all performance conditions are satisfied. Please also see Long-Term Equity Grants to CEO and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2023 for details of target performance value and vesting. For a discussion of the assumptions used in this valuation, see Note 13 Share Capital, Option Plans and Share-based Payments to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (5) The amounts set forth in this column for Fiscal 2023 represent payments under the short-term incentive plan based on actual performance achieved. 
 (6) Except as otherwise indicated the amounts in All Other Compensation primarily include (i) medical examinations and (ii) tax preparation and financial advisory fees paid. All Other Compensation does not include benefits received by the Named Executive Officers which are generally available to all our salaried employees. 
 (7) Represents amounts we paid, reimbursed or attributed for international tax and financial planning and travel related items. 
 (8) For details of the amounts of fees or expenses we paid or reimbursed please refer to Summary Compensation Table in Item 11 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the corresponding fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021. 
 (9) The total value of all perquisites and personal benefits for this Named Executive Officer was less than 10,000, and, therefore, excluded. 
 (10) Represents amounts we paid or reimbursed for housing allowance inclusive of a related tax gross-up amount of 160,118, 160,118 and 160,118 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (11) Represents amounts we paid or reimbursed for tax, financial, and estate planning. 
 (12) Represents amounts we paid or reimbursed for medical examinations and life insurance. 
 (13) The executive officer was not a Named Executive Officer during the fiscal year, and therefore compensation details have been excluded. 
 
 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2023 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning grants of awards made to each Named Executive Officer during Fiscal 2023. 
 Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) 
 All Other Option 
 Awards: Number 
 of Securities 
 Underlying (2) 
 Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards Grant Date Fair Value of Options (3) 
 Name 
 Grant Date Threshold ) Target ) Maximum ) Options 
 (#) 
 /share) Awards ) Mark J. Barrenechea August 8, 2022 508,750 2,015,000 4,030,000 306,370 39.09 2,499,263 August 29, 2022 1,000,000 (6) 31.89 8,090,000 Madhu Ranganathan August 8, 2022 224,000 910,000 1,820,000 67,400 39.09 549,826 November 7, 2022 180,000 26.81 1,039,006 Simon Harrison August 8, 2022 207,500 800,000 1,600,000 45,500 39.09 371,174 November 7, 2022 180,000 26.81 1,039,006 Muhi Majzoub August 8, 2022 207,500 800,000 1,600,000 45,500 39.09 371,174 November 7, 2022 180,000 26.81 1,039,006 Paul Duggan August 8, 2022 207,500 800,000 1,600,000 30,640 39.09 249,951 November 7, 2022 180,000 26.81 1,039,006 

Estimated Future Payouts 
 Under Equity 
 Incentive Plan Awards (4) 
 All Other Stock 
 Awards: Number 
 of Securities 
 Underlying (5) 
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock (3) 
 Name Grant Date Threshold 
 (#) 
 Target 
 (#) 
 Maximum 
 (#) 
 Stock 
 (#) 
 Awards ) Mark J. Barrenechea August 8, 2022 61,590 123,180 246,360 61,590 9,189,844 Madhu Ranganathan August 8, 2022 13,550 27,100 54,200 13,550 2,021,796 Simon Harrison August 8, 2022 9,145 18,290 36,580 9,150 1,364,721 Muhi Majzoub August 8, 2022 9,145 18,290 36,580 9,150 1,364,721 Paul Duggan August 8, 2022 6,160 12,320 24,640 6,160 919,134 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the threshold, target and maximum estimated payouts under our short-term incentive plan for Fiscal 2023. For further information, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Short-Term Incentives above. 
 (2) For further information regarding our options granting procedures, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Long-Term Incentives above. 
 (3) Amounts set forth in this column represent the amount recognized as the aggregate grant date fair value of equity-based compensation awards, as calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718 for the fiscal year in which the awards were granted. In all cases, these amounts do not reflect whether the recipient has actually realized a financial benefit from the exercise of the awards. For a discussion of the assumptions used in this valuation, see Note 13 Share Capital, Option Plans and Share-based Payments to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (4) Represents the threshold, target and maximum estimated payouts under our LTIP PSUs for all Named Executive Officers. For further information, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Long-Term Incentives - LTIP and Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Long-Term Incentives - Long-Term Equity Grants to CEO above. 
 (5) Represents the estimated payouts under our LTIP RSUs. For further information, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Long-Term Incentives - LTIP above . 
 (6) Amount consists of the performance option award. The threshold, target and maximum estimated payout for the performance options reflect the vesting of 200,000, 500,000 and 1,000,000 options, respectively. The value of the performance option at the date of grant was as set forth herein, assuming the highest level of the performance condition is satisfied. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at End of Fiscal 2023 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding outstanding equity awards held by each Named Executive Officer as of June 30, 2023. 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Stock Awards Name Grant Date Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Non- exercisable Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option Expiration 
 Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (2) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 ) (2) 
 Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Number of 
 unearned 
 shares, 
 units or other 
 rights that have 
 not vested 
 (#) (3) 
 Equity Incentive 
 Plan Awards: 
 Market or 
 payout value of unearned 
 shares, 
 units or other 
 rights that have not vested ) (3) 
 Mark J. Barrenechea June 1, 2017 200,000 32.63 June 1, 2024 June 1, 2017 324,255 32.63 June 1, 2024 August 7, 2017 189,180 34.49 August 7, 2024 August 6, 2018 161,040 39.27 August 6, 2025 August 5, 2019 204,758 68,252 38.76 August 5, 2026 August 10, 2020 106,840 106,840 45.81 August 10, 2027 August 10, 2020 750,000 45.81 August 10, 2027 August 9, 2021 64,103 192,307 52.62 August 9, 2028 August 8, 2022 306,370 39.09 August 8, 2029 August 29, 2022 288,269 711,731 31.89 August 29, 2029 August 10, 2020 98,270 4,083,119 August 10, 2020 76,540 3,180,237 August 9, 2021 48,050 1,996,478 August 9, 2021 96,110 3,993,371 August 8, 2022 63,431 2,635,572 August 8, 2022 126,863 5,271,144 Madhu Ranganathan May 11, 2018 220,132 34.71 May 11, 2025 August 6, 2018 28,600 39.27 August 6, 2025 August 5, 2019 32,175 10,725 38.76 August 5, 2026 August 10, 2020 50,974 104,080 45.81 August 10, 2027 August 9, 2021 12,820 38,460 52.62 August 9, 2028 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 August 8, 2022 67,400 39.09 August 8, 2029 November 7, 2022 180,000 26.81 November 7, 2029 August 10, 2020 10,983 456,344 August 10, 2020 17,490 726,710 August 9, 2021 9,610 399,296 August 9, 2021 19,220 798,591 August 8, 2022 13,955 579,834 August 8, 2022 27,910 1,159,669 Simon Harrison November 6, 2017 40,000 34.48 November 6, 2024 August 6, 2018 12,510 39.27 August 6, 2025 August 5, 2019 14,625 4,875 38.76 August 5, 2026 August 10, 2020 42,978 90,774 45.81 August 10, 2027 August 9, 2021 8,655 25,965 52.62 August 9, 2028 August 8, 2022 45,500 39.09 August 8, 2029 November 7, 2022 180,000 26.81 November 7, 2029 August 10, 2020 8,839 367,260 August 10, 2020 13,670 567,989 August 9, 2021 6,490 269,660 August 9, 2021 12,970 538,904 August 8, 2022 9,424 391,549 August 8, 2022 18,837 782,670 Muhi Majzoub July 29, 2016 32,560 29.75 July 29, 2023 August 7, 2017 36,960 34.49 August 7, 2024 August 6, 2018 31,460 39.27 August 6, 2025 May 7, 2019 60,000 15,000 40.20 May 7, 2026 August 5, 2019 32,175 10,725 38.76 August 5, 2026 August 10, 2020 41,267 86,405 45.81 August 10, 2027 August 9, 2021 8,655 25,965 52.62 August 9, 2028 August 8, 2022 45,500 39.09 August 8, 2029 November 7, 2022 180,000 26.81 November 7, 2029 August 10, 2020 8,598 357,247 August 10, 2020 13,390 556,355 August 9, 2021 6,490 269,660 August 9, 2021 12,970 538,904 August 8, 2022 9,424 391,549 August 8, 2022 18,837 782,670 Paul Duggan August 6, 2018 2,502 39.27 August 6, 2025 May 7, 2019 30,000 15,000 40.20 May 7, 2026 August 5, 2019 4,875 4,875 38.76 August 5, 2026 August 10, 2020 12,237 32,893 45.81 August 10, 2027 August 9, 2021 4,808 14,422 52.62 August 9, 2028 August 8, 2022 30,640 39.09 August 8, 2029 November 7, 2022 180,000 26.81 November 7, 2029 August 10, 2020 3,438 142,849 August 10, 2020 5,470 227,279 August 9, 2021 3,600 149,580 August 9, 2021 7,210 299,576 August 8, 2022 6,344 263,600 August 8, 2022 12,688 527,200 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Options in the table above vest annually over a period of 4 years starting from the date of grant, with the exception of (i) options granted to certain of our executive officers on August 10, 2020 in recognition of their service which vest annually over a 5 year period, with the first vesting date being two years from the date of grant, (ii) options granted to certain of our executive officers on November 7, 2022 in recognition of their services which vest annually over a 4 year period, with the first vesting date being two years from the date of grant, and (iii) 750,000 performance options granted to the CEO in Fiscal 2021 and 1,000,000 performance options granted to the CEO in Fiscal 2023 both of which vest subject to the satisfaction of certain performance criteria. For additional detail, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Long- 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Term Incentives - Long-Term Grants to CEO , Item 11 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2021 and Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Long-Term Incentives - Long-Term Grants to CEO above. 
 (2) Represents each Named Executive Officer s target number of RSUs granted pursuant to our LTIP program, and other non-LTIP related RSUs, which vest upon the schedules described above in Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Long Term Incentives. These amounts illustrate the market value as of June 30, 2023, based upon the closing price for the Company s Common Shares as traded on the NASDAQ on such date of 41.55. 
 (3) Represents each Named Executive Officer s target number of PSUs granted pursuant to our LTIP program, which vest upon the schedules described above in Compensation Discussion and Analysis - Our Compensation Program - Long Term Incentives. These amounts illustrate the market value as of June 30, 2023, based upon the closing price for the Company s Common Shares as traded on the NASDAQ on such date of 41.55. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, options to purchase an aggregate of 12,219,439 Common Shares had been previously granted and are outstanding under our stock option plans, of which 4,292,254 Common Shares were vested. Options to purchase an additional 5,950,832 Common Shares remain available for issuance pursuant to our stock option plans. Our outstanding options pool represents 4.5 of the Common Shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023. 
 During Fiscal 2023, the Company granted options to purchase 4,964,650 Common Shares or 1.8 of the Common Shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023. 
 Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2023 
 The following table sets forth certain details with respect to each of the Named Executive Officers concerning the exercise of stock options and vesting of stock in Fiscal 2023: 
 Option Awards Stock Awards (3) 
 Name Number of Shares 
 Acquired on Exercise 
 (#) 
 Value Realized on 
 Exercise (1) 
 ) 
 Number of Shares 
 Acquired on Vesting 
 (#) 
 Value Realized on Vesting (2) 
 ) 
 Mark J. Barrenechea 94,552 2,534,939 Madhu Ranganathan 17,091 482,806 Simon Harrison 8,758 256,941 Muhi Majzoub 37,840 252,412 16,756 470,133 Paul Duggan 7,457 207,724 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Value realized on exercise is the excess of the market price, at date of exercise, of the shares underlying the options over the exercise price of the options. 
 (2) Value realized on vesting is the market price of the underlying Common Shares on the vesting date. 
 (3) Relates to the vesting of PSUs and RSUs under our LTIP program. 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 
 We have entered into employment contracts with each of our Named Executive Officers. These contracts may require us to make certain types of payments and provide certain types of benefits to the Named Executive Officers upon the occurrence of any of these events: 
 If the Named Executive Officer is terminated without cause; and 
 If there is a change in control in the ownership of the Company and subsequent to the change in control, there is a change in the relationship between the Company and the Named Executive Officer. 
 When determining the amounts and the type of compensation and benefits to provide in the event of a termination or change in control described above, we considered available information with respect to amounts payable to similarly situated officers of our peer groups and the position held by the Named Executive Officer within the Company. The amounts payable upon termination or change in control represent the amounts determined by the Company and are not the result of any individual negotiations between us and any of our Named Executive Officers. 
 Our employment agreements with our Named Executive Officers are similar in structure, terms and conditions, with the key exception of the amount of severance payments, which is determined by the position held by the Named Executive Officer. Details are set out below of each of their potential payments upon a termination by the Company without cause and upon a change in control event where there is a subsequent change in the relationship between the Company and the Named Executive Officer. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 Termination Without Cause 
 If the Named Executive Officer is terminated without cause, we may be obligated to make payments or provide benefits to the Named Executive Officer. A termination without cause means a termination of a Named Executive Officer for any reason other than the following, each of which provides cause for termination: 
 The failure by the Named Executive Officer to attempt in good faith to perform his duties, other than as a result of a physical or mental illness or injury; 
 The Named Executive Officer s willful misconduct or gross negligence of a material nature in connection with the performance of his duties which is or could reasonably be expected to be injurious to the Company; 
 The breach by the Named Executive Officer of his fiduciary duty or duty of loyalty to the Company; 
 The Named Executive Officer s intentional and unauthorized removal, use or disclosure of information relating to the Company, including customer information, which is injurious to the Company or its customers; 
 The willful performance by the Named Executive Officer of any act of dishonesty or willful misappropriation of funds or property of the Company or its affiliates; 
 The indictment of the Named Executive Officer or a plea of guilty or nolo contender to a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude; 
 The material breach by the Named Executive Officer of any obligation material to his employment relationship with the Company; or 
 The material breach by the Named Executive Officer of the Company s policies and procedures which breach causes or could reasonably be expected to cause harm to the Company; 
 provided that in certain of the circumstances listed above, OpenText has given the Named Executive Officer reasonable notice of the reason for termination as well as a reasonable opportunity to correct the circumstances giving rise to the termination. 
 Change in Control 
 If there is a change in control of the Company and within one year of such change in control event, there is a change in the relationship between the Company and the Named Executive Officer without the Named Executive Officer s written consent, we may be obligated to provide payments or benefits to the Named Executive Officer, unless such a change is in connection with the termination of the Named Executive Officer either for cause or due to the death or disability of the Named Executive Officer. 
 A change in control includes the following events: 
 The sale, lease, exchange or other transfer, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; 
 The approval by the holders of Common Shares of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; 
 Any transaction in which any person or group acquires ownership of more than 50 of outstanding Common Shares; or 
 Any transaction in which a majority of the Board is replaced over a twelve-month period and such replacement of the Board was not approved by a majority of the Board still in office at the beginning of such period. 
 Examples of a change in the relationship between the Named Executive Officer and the Company where payments or benefits may be triggered following a change in control event include: 
 A material diminution in the duties and responsibilities of the Named Executive Officer, other than (a) a change arising solely out of the Company becoming part of a larger organization following the change in control event or any related change in the reporting hierarchy or (b) a reorganization of the Company resulting in similar changes to the duties and responsibilities of similarly situated executive officers; 
 A material reduction to the Named Executive Officer s compensation, other than a similar reduction to the compensation of similarly situated executive officers; 
 A relocation of the Named Executive Officer s primary work location by more than fifty miles; 
 A reduction in the title or position of the Named Executive Officer, other than (a) a change arising solely out of the Company becoming part of a larger organization following the change in control event or any related change in the reporting hierarchy or (b) a reorganization of the Company resulting in similar changes to the titles or positions of similarly situated executive officers. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 None of our Named Executive Officers are entitled to the payments or benefits described below, or any other payments or benefits, solely upon a change in control where there is no change to the Named Executive Officer s relationship with the Company. 
 Amounts Payable Upon Termination or Change in Control 
 Pursuant to our employment agreements with our Named Executive Officers and the terms of our LTIP, each Named Executive Officer s entitlement upon termination of employment without cause or following a change in the Named Executive Officer s relationship with the Company, both absent a change in control event and within twelve months of a change in control event, are set forth below. 
 No Change in Control 
 No change in control Base Short term incentives (1) 
 LTIP (2) 
 Options (3) 
 Employee and Medical Benefits (4) 
 Mark J. Barrenechea Termination without cause or Change in relationship 24 months 24 months Prorated Vested 24 months (5) 
 Madhu Ranganathan Termination without cause or Change in relationship 12 months 12 months Prorated Vested 12 months Simon Harrison Termination without cause or Change in relationship 12 months 12 months Prorated Vested 12 months Muhi Majzoub Termination without cause or Change in relationship 12 months 12 months Prorated Vested 12 months Paul Duggan Termination without cause or Change in relationship 12 months 12 months Prorated Vested 12 months 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Assuming 100 achievement of the expected targets for the fiscal year in which the triggering event occurred. 
 (2) LTIP amounts are prorated for the number of months of participation at termination date in the applicable 38-month performance period. If the termination date is before the commencement of the 19th month of the performance period, a prorated LTIP will not be paid. 
 (3) Already vested as of termination date with no acceleration of unvested options. For a period of 90 days following the termination date, the Named Executive Officer has the right to exercise all options which have vested as of the date of termination. 
 (4) Employee and medical benefits provided to each Named Executive Officer immediately prior to the occurrence of the trigger event. 
 (5) In accordance with the terms of his employment agreement, as amended, Mr. Barrenechea is entitled to participate until the age of 65 in healthcare benefits substantially similar to what he currently receives as Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer of the Company. These benefits will be provided at the cost of the Company, provided that Mr. Barrenechea continues to be responsible for funding an amount that is equal to his employee contribution as Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer, unless he becomes employed elsewhere, at which point this benefit will terminate. In the event that the employee or company contribution funding increases, Mr. Barrenechea would be responsible for that increase. 
 Within 12 Months of a Change in Control 
 Within 12 Months of a Change in Control Base Short term incentives (1) 
 LTIP 
 Options (2) 
 Employee and Medical Benefits (3) 
 Mark J. Barrenechea Termination without cause or Change in relationship 24 months 24 months 100 Vested 100 Vested 24 months (4) 
 Madhu Ranganathan Termination without cause or Change in relationship 24 months 24 months 100 Vested 100 Vested 24 months Simon Harrison Termination without cause or Change in relationship 12 months 12 months 100 Vested 100 Vested 12 months Muhi Majzoub Termination without cause or Change in relationship 24 months 24 months 100 Vested 100 Vested 24 months Paul Duggan Termination without cause or Change in relationship 12 months 12 months 100 Vested 100 Vested 12 months 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Assuming 100 achievement of the expected targets for the fiscal year in which the triggering event occurred. 
 (2) For a period of 90 days following the termination date, the Named Executive Officer has the right to exercise all options which are deemed to have vested as of the date of termination. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Employee and medical benefits provided to each Named Executive Officer immediately prior to the occurrence of the trigger event. 
 (4) In accordance with the terms of his employment agreement, as amended, Mr. Barrenechea is entitled to participate until the age of 65 in healthcare benefits substantially similar to what he currently receives as Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer of the Company. These benefits will be provided at the cost of the Company, provided that Mr. Barrenechea continues to be responsible for funding an amount that is equal to his employee contribution as Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer, unless he becomes employed elsewhere, at which point this benefit will terminate. In the event that the employee or company contribution funding increases, Mr. Barrenechea would be responsible for that increase. 
 In addition to the information identified above, each Named Executive Officer is entitled to all accrued payments up to the date of termination, including all earned but unpaid short-term incentive amounts and earned but unsettled LTIP. Except as otherwise required by law, we are required to make all these payments and provide these benefits over a period of 12 months or 24 months, depending on the Named Executive Officer s entitlement and the circumstances which triggered our obligation to make such payments and provide such benefits, from the date of the event which triggered our obligation. With respect to payments to Mr. Barrenechea, the Company intends to make all required payments to Mr. Barrenechea no later than two and a half months after the end of the later of the fiscal year or calendar year in which the payments are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture . 
 In return for receiving the payments and the benefits described above, each Named Executive Officer must comply with certain obligations in favor of the Company, including a non-disparagement obligation. Also, each Named Executive Officer is bound by a confidentiality and non-solicitation agreement where the non-solicitation obligation lasts six months from the date of termination of his employment. 
 Any breach by a Named Executive Officer of any provision of his contractual agreements may only be waived upon the review and approval of the Board. 
 Quantitative Estimates of Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 
 Further information regarding payments to our Named Executive Officers in the event of a termination or a change in control may be found in the table below. This table sets forth the estimated amount of payments and other benefits each Named Executive Officer would be entitled to receive upon the occurrence of the indicated event, assuming that the event occurred on June 30, 2023. Amounts (i) potentially payable under plans which are generally available to all salaried employees, such as life and disability insurance, and (ii) earned but unpaid, in both cases, are excluded from the table. The values related to vesting of stock options and awards are based upon the fair market value of our Common Shares of 41.55 per share as reported on the NASDAQ on June 30, 2023, the last trading day of our fiscal year. The other material assumptions made with respect to the numbers reported in the table below are: 
 The salary and incentive payments are calculated based on the amounts of salary, incentive and benefit payments which were payable to each Named Executive Officer as of June 30, 2023; and 
 Payments under the LTIPs are calculated as though 100 of outstanding LTIP awards have vested with respect to a termination without cause or change in relationship following a change in control event, and as though a pro-rated amount have vested with respect to no change in control event. 
 Actual payments made at any future date may vary, including the amount the Named Executive Officer would have accrued under the applicable benefit or compensation plan as well as the price of our Common Shares. 
 Named Executive Officer Salary 
 ) 
 Short-term 
 Incentive 
 Payment 
 ) 
 Gain on Vesting of LTIP and Non-LTIP RSUs ) Gain on 
 Vesting of 
 Stock Options 
 ) 
 Employee 
 Benefits 
 ) 
 Total ) Mark J. Barrenechea Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship with no Change in Control 1,900,000 2,850,000 10,798,442 42,099 (1) 15,590,541 Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship, within 12 months following a Change in Control 1,900,000 2,850,000 21,159,919 944,093 42,099 26,896,111 Madhu Ranganathan Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship with no Change in Control 688,750 660,000 1,883,208 3,231,958 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship, within 12 months following a Change in Control 1,377,500 1,320,000 4,120,430 2,848,927 9,666,857 Simon Harrison Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship with no Change in Control 575,000 550,000 1,402,055 152,059 2,679,114 Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship, within 12 months following a Change in Control 575,000 550,000 2,918,057 2,778,731 152,059 6,973,847 Muhi Majzoub Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship with no Change in Control 562,500 550,000 1,381,259 4,329 2,498,088 Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship, within 12 months following a Change in Control 1,125,000 1,100,000 2,896,409 2,815,303 8,657 7,945,369 Paul Duggan Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship with no Change in Control 575,000 550,000 636,060 10,110 1,771,170 Termination Without Cause / Change in Relationship, within 12 months following a Change in Control 575,000 550,000 1,610,063 2,762,426 10,110 5,507,599 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) In accordance with the terms of his employment agreement, as amended, Mr. Barrenechea is entitled to participate until the age of 65 in healthcare benefits substantially similar to what he currently receives as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. These benefits will be provided at the cost of the Company, provided that Mr. Barrenechea continues to be responsible for funding an amount that is equal to his employee contribution as Chief Executive Officer, unless he becomes employed elsewhere, at which point this benefit will terminate. In the event that the employee or company contribution funding increases, Mr. Barrenechea would be responsible for that increase . 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 Director Compensation for Fiscal 2023 
 The following table sets forth summary information concerning the annual compensation received by each of the non-management directors of OpenText for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards (2) 
 ) 
 Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) P. Thomas Jenkins (3) 
 200,000 461,675 661,675 Randy Fowlie (4) 
 84,500 407,331 491,831 David Fraser (5) 
 75,000 295,888 370,888 Gail E. Hamilton (6) 
 90,000 345,559 435,559 Robert Hau (7) 
 100,000 267,321 367,321 Ann M. Powell (8) 
 90,000 262,678 352,678 Stephen J. Sadler (9) 
 445,805 334,695 (14) 780,500 Harmit Singh (10) 
 6,250 14,535 20,785 Michael Slaunwhite (11) 
 1,850 501,517 503,367 Katharine B. Stevenson (12) 
 469,825 469,825 Deborah Weinstein (13) 
 24,750 468,109 492,859 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Non-management directors may elect to defer all or a portion of their retainer and/or fees in the form of Common Share equivalent units under our Directors Deferred Share Unit Plan (DSU Plan) based on the value of the Company s shares as of the date fees would otherwise be paid. The DSU Plan, originally effective February 2, 2010, and amended and restated in October 2018, is available to any non-management director of the Company and is designed to promote greater alignment of long-term interests between directors of the Company and its shareholders. DSUs granted as compensation for directors fees vest immediately whereas the annual DSU grant vests at the Company s next annual general meeting. No DSUs are payable by the Company until the director ceases to be a member of the Board. 
 (2) The amounts set forth in this column represents the amount recognized as the aggregate grant date fair value of equity-based compensation awards, inclusive of DSU dividend equivalents, as calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. These amounts do not reflect whether the recipient has actually realized a financial benefit from the awards. For a discussion of the assumptions used in this valuation, see Note 13 Share Capital, Option Plans and Share-based Payments to our consolidated financial statements. In Fiscal 2023, Messrs. Jenkins, Fowlie, Fraser, Hau, Sadler, Singh and Slaunwhite and Mses. Hamilton, Powell, Stevenson and Weinstein received 15,609, 13,797, 10,210, 9,358, 15,150, 512, 16,795, 11,735, 9,217, 15,856, and 15,770 DSUs, respectively. 
 (3) As of June 30, 2023, Mr. Jenkins holds 151,162 DSUs. Mr. Jenkins serves as Chairman of the Board. 
 (4) As of June 30, 2023, Mr. Fowlie holds 127,953 DSUs. 
 (5) As of June 30, 2023, Mr. Fraser holds 35,703 DSUs. 
 (6) As of June 30, 2023, Ms. Hamilton holds 102,273 DSUs. 
 (7) As of June 30, 2023, Mr. Hau holds 20,371 DSUs. 
 (8) As of June 30, 2023, Ms. Powell holds 15,502 DSUs. 
 (9) As of June 30, 2023, Mr. Sadler holds 125,209 DSUs. 
 (10) Mr. Singh retired from the Board effective September 15, 2022. 
 (11) As of June 30, 2023, Mr. Slaunwhite holds 147,961 DSUs. 
 (12) As of June 30, 2023, Ms. Stevenson holds 126,494 DSUs. 
 (13) As of June 30, 2023, Ms. Weinstein holds 141,940 DSUs. 
 (14) During Fiscal 2023, Mr. Sadler received 334,695 in consulting fees, paid or payable in cash, for assistance with acquisition-related business activities. Mr. Sadler abstained from voting on all transactions from which he would potentially derive consulting fees. 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 The Board sets the level of compensation for directors, based on the recommendations of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. From time to time, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee reviews the amount and form of compensation paid to directors, having regard to the workload and responsibilities involved in being an effective director, and benchmarked against director compensation for comparable companies. The committee s review may be conducted with the assistance of outside consultants. Directors who are salaried officers or employees receive no compensation for serving as directors. Mr. Barrenechea was the only employee director in Fiscal 2023. The material terms of our director compensation arrangements are as follows : 
 Description 
 Amount and Frequency of Payment Annual Chairman retainer fee payable to the Chairman of the Board 200,000 per year payable following our Annual General Meeting Annual retainer fee payable to each non-management director 75,000 per director payable following our Annual General Meeting Annual Audit Committee retainer fee payable to each member of the Audit Committee 25,000 per year payable at 6,250 at the beginning of each quarterly period. Annual Audit Committee Chair retainer fee payable to the Chair of the Audit Committee 10,000 per year payable at 2,500 at the beginning of each quarterly period. Annual Compensation Committee retainer fee payable to each member of the Compensation Committee 15,000 per year payable at 3,750 at the beginning of each quarterly period. Annual Compensation Committee Chair retainer fee payable to the Chair of the Compensation Committee 10,000 per year payable at 2,500 at the beginning of each quarterly period. Annual Corporate Governance Nominating Committee retainer fee payable to each member of the Corporate Governance Nominating Committee 10,000 per year payable at 2,500 at the beginning of each quarterly period. Annual Corporate Governance Nominating Committee Chair retainer fee payable to the Chair of the Corporate Governance Nominating Committee 8,000 per year payable at 2,000 at the beginning of each quarterly period. Excess travel fee payable to each non-management director attending a meeting who travels more than six hours 2,000 per meeting when applicable 
 The Board has adopted a DSU Plan which is available to any non-management director of the Company. In Fiscal 2023, certain directors elected to receive DSUs instead of a cash payment for their directors fees. In addition to the scheduled fee arrangements set forth in the table above, whether paid in cash or DSUs, non-management directors also receive an annual DSU grant representing the long-term component of their compensation. The amount of the annual DSU grant is discretionary; however, historically, the amount of this grant has been determined and updated on a periodic basis with the assistance of the Compensation Committee and the compensation consultant and benchmarked against director compensation for comparable companies. For Fiscal 2023, the annual DSU grant was approximately 250,000 for each non-management director and approximately 320,000 for the Chairman of the Board. DSUs granted as compensation for directors fees vest immediately whereas the annual DSU grant vests at the Company s next annual general meeting. No DSUs are payable by the Company until the director ceases to be a member of the Board. 
 As with its employees, the Company believes that granting compensation to directors in the form of equity, such as DSUs, promotes a greater alignment of long-term interests between directors of the Company and the shareholders of the Company and since Fiscal 2013 the Company has taken the position that non-management directors will receive DSUs instead of stock options where granting of equity awards is appropriate. All non-management directors have exceeded the Share Ownership Guidelines applicable to them, which is five times their annual retainer. For further details of our Share Ownership Guidelines as they relate to directors, see Share Ownership Guidelines above. 
 The Company does not have a retirement policy for its directors; however, the Company does review its director performance annually as part of its governance process. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 The members of our Compensation Committee consist of Mr. Slaunwhite (Chair) and Mses. Hamilton, Powell and Weinstein. None of the members of the Compensation Committee have been or are an officer or employee of the Company, or any of our subsidiaries, or had any relationship requiring disclosure herein. None of our executive officers served as a member of the compensation committee of another entity (or other committee of the board of directors performing equivalent functions, or in the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) one of whose executive officers served as a director of ours. 
 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 
 The Board has overall responsibility for risk oversight. The Board is responsible for overseeing management s implementation and operation of enterprise risk management, either directly or through its committees, which shall report to the Board with respect to risk oversight undertaken in accordance with their respective charters. At least annually, the Board shall review reports provided by management on the risks inherent in the business of the Company (including appropriate crisis preparedness, business continuity, information system controls, cybersecurity and disaster recovery plans), the appropriate degree of risk mitigation and risk control, overall compliance with and the effectiveness of the Company s risk management policies, and residual risks remaining after implementation of risk controls. In addition, each committee reviews and reports to the Board on risk oversight matters, as described below. 
 The Audit Committee oversees risks related to our accounting, financial statements and financial reporting process. On a quarterly basis, the Audit Committee also reviews reports provided by management on the risks inherent in the business of the Company, including those related to cybersecurity and disaster recovery plans, and reports to the Board with respect to risk oversight undertaken. 
 The Compensation Committee oversees risks which may be associated with our compensation policies, practices and programs, in particular with respect to our executive officers. The Compensation Committee assesses such risks with the review and assistance of the Company s management and the Compensation Committee s external compensation consultants. 
 The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee monitors risk and potential risks with respect to the effectiveness of the Board, and considers aspects such as director succession, Board composition and the principal policies that guide the Company s overall corporate governance. 
 The members of each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are all independent directors within the meaning ascribed to it in Multilateral Instrument 52-110- Audit Committees as well as the listing standards of NASDAQ, and, in the case of the Audit Committee, the additional independence requirements set out by the SEC. 
 All of our directors are kept informed of our business through open discussions with our management team, including our CEO, who serves on our Board. The Board also receives documents, such as quarterly and periodic management reports and financial statements, as well our directors have access to all books, records and reports upon request, and members of management are available at all times to answer any questions which Board members may have. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth certain information as of June 30, 2023 regarding Common Shares beneficially owned by the following persons or companies: (i) each person or company known by us to be the beneficial owner of approximately 5 or more of our outstanding Common Shares, (ii) each director of our Company, (iii) each Named Executive Officer, and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the Common Shares listed below have sole investment and voting power with respect to such Common Shares, subject to community property laws where applicable. 
 The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned as exhibited in Item 12 is based on filings made in accordance with the rules of the SEC and is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a person has sole or shared voting or investment power and also any shares of Common Shares underlying options or warrants that are exercisable by that person within 60 days of June 30, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person or entity named in the table is care of Open Text Corporation, 275 Frank Tompa Drive, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada N2L 0A1. 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Common 
 Shares Outstanding 
 Jarislowsky, Fraser Ltd. (1) 1010 Sherbrooke St. West, Montreal QC H3A 2R7 
 16,804,467 6.20 Harris Associates LP (1) 
 111 South Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606 
 14,572,307 5.38 P. Thomas Jenkins (2) 
 3,428,647 Mark J. Barrenechea (3) 
 2,913,517 Michael Slaunwhite (4) 
 1,082,270 Stephen J. Sadler (5) 
 463,866 Madhu Ranganathan (6) 
 451,870 Muhi Majzoub (7) 
 403,525 Randy Fowlie (8) 
 313,610 Simon Harrison (9) 
 203,540 Deborah Weinstein (10) 
 153,097 Katharine B. Stevenson (11) 
 143,281 Gail E. Hamilton (12) 
 93,440 Paul Duggan (13) 
 92,790 David Fraser (14) 
 27,037 Robert Hau (15) 
 11,528 Ann M. Powell (16) 
 6,659 All executive officers and directors as a group (17) 
 10,244,832 3.73 
 ______________________ 
 Less than 2 
 (1) Information regarding the shares outstanding is based on information filed in Schedule 13G, 13F, or Schedule 13G/A with the SEC. The percentage of Common Shares outstanding is calculated using the total shares outstanding as of June 30, 2023. 
 (2) Includes 3,288,804 Common Shares owned and 139,843 deferred stock units (DSUs) which are exercisable. 
 (3) Includes 1,112,704 Common Shares owned, 1,538,445 options which are exercisable and 262,368 options which will become exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2023. 
 (4) Includes 943,152 Common Shares owned and 139,118 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 (5) Includes 347,500 Common Shares owned and 116,366 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 (6) Includes 28,010 Common Shares owned, 344,701 options which are exercisable and 79,159 options which will become exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2023. 
 (7) Includes 97,775 Common Shares owned, 243,077 options which are exercisable and 62,673 options which will become exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2023. 
 (8) Includes 194,500 Common Shares owned and 119,110 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 (9) Includes 26,429 Common Shares owned, 118,768 options which are exercisable and 58,343 options which will become exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2023. 
 (10) Includes 20,000 Common Shares owned and 133,097 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 (11) Includes 25,630 Common Shares owned and 117,651 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 (12) Includes 10 Common Shares owned and 93,430 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 (13) Includes 8,789 Common Shares owned, 54,422 options which are exercisable and 29,579 options which will become exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2023. 
 (14) Includes 177 Common Shares owned and 26,860 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 (15) Includes 11,528 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 (16) Includes 6,659 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 (17) Includes 6,152,996 Common Shares owned, 2,563,831 options which are exercisable, 624,343 options which will become exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2023, and 903,662 DSUs which are exercisable. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table sets forth summary information relating to our various stock compensation plans as of June 30, 2023: 
 Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities 
 to be issued upon exercise 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants, and rights 
 Weighted average 
 exercise price 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants, and rights 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available 
 for future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column a) 
 (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 12,219,439 38.44 5,950,832 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: Under deferred stock unit awards 994,568 N/A Under performance stock unit awards 1,013,385 N/A Under restricted stock unit awards 774,360 N/A Total 15,001,752 5,950,832 
 For more information regarding stock compensation plans, please refer to Note 13 Share Capital, Option Plans and Share-based Payments to our Consolidated Financial Statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Related Transactions Policy and Director Independence 
 We have adopted a written policy that all transactional agreements between us and our officers, directors and affiliates will be first approved by a majority of the independent directors. Once these agreements are approved, payments made pursuant to the agreements are approved by the members of our Audit Committee. 
 Our procedure regarding the approval of any related party transaction is that the material facts of such transaction shall be reviewed by the independent members of our Audit Committee and the transaction approved by a majority of the independent members of our Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews all transactions wherein we are, or will be a participant and any related party has or will have a direct or indirect interest. In determining whether to approve a related party transaction, the Audit Committee generally takes into account, among other facts it deems appropriate: whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances; the extent and nature of the related person s interest in the transaction; the benefits to the company of the proposed transaction; if applicable, the effects on a director s independence; and if applicable, the availability of other sources of comparable services or products. 
 The Board has determined that all directors, except Messrs. Barrenechea and Sadler, meet the independence requirements under the NASDAQ Listing Rules and qualify as independent directors under those Listing Rules. Mr. Barrenechea is not considered independent by virtue of being our Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer. See Transactions with Related Persons below with respect to payments made to Mr. Sadler. Each of the members of our Compensation Committee, Audit Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is an independent director. 
 Transactions With Related Persons 
 One of our directors, Mr. Sadler, received consulting fees for assistance with acquisition-related business activities pursuant to a consulting agreement with the Company. Mr. Sadler s consulting agreement, which was adopted by way of Board resolution effective July 1, 2011, is for an indefinite period. The material terms of the agreement are as follows: Mr. Sadler is paid at the rate of Canadian dollars (CAD) 450 per hour for services relating to his consulting agreement. In addition, he is eligible to receive a bonus fee equivalent to 1.0 of the acquired company s revenues, up to CAD 10.0 million in revenue, plus an additional amount of 0.5 of the acquired company s revenues above CAD 10.0 million. The total bonus fee payable, for any given fiscal year, is subject to an annual limit of CAD 450,000 per single acquisition and an aggregate annual limit of CAD 980,000. The acquired company s revenues, for this purpose, is equal to the acquired company s revenues for the 12 months prior to the date of acquisition. During Fiscal 2023, Mr. Sadler received CAD 0.5 million in consulting fees from OpenText (equivalent to 0.3 million USD), for assistance with acquisition-related business activities. Mr. Sadler abstained from voting on all transactions from which he would potentially derive consulting fees. Additionally, Mr. Sadler has direct or indirect control over a material interest in Enghouse Systems Limited ,a publicly traded software company, and its subsidiaries. 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 OpenText entered into product supply and license agreements to purchase certain software licenses from Enghouse Systems Limited and its subsidiaries, under which the company makes payments in the normal course of business. During Fiscal 2023, OpenText paid 2.1 million under such agreements. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The aggregate fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were: 
 Year ended June 30, (In thousands) 2023 2022 Audit fees (1) 
 14,546 6,622 Audit-related fees (2) 
 113 72 Tax fees (3) 
 All other fees (4) 
 Total 14,659 6,694 
 ____________________________________ 
 (1) Audit fees were primarily for professional services rendered for (a) the annual audits of our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying attestation report regarding our ICFR contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, (b) the review of quarterly financial information included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, (c) audit services related to mergers and acquisitions, (d) fees associated with non-periodic securities filings, and (e) annual statutory audits where applicable. The increase in 2023 as compared to 2022 is primarily due to the Micro Focus Acquisition, including audit procedures over (a) the opening balance sheet and purchase equation, (b) the results of operations from the date of acquisition to year end, and (c) Micro Focus statutory audits. 
 (2) Audit related fees were primarily for assurance and related services, such as IT assurance engagements and accounting research services. 
 (3) Tax fees were for services related to tax compliance, including the preparation of tax returns, tax planning and tax advice. 
 (4) All other fees consist of fees for services other than the services reported in audit fees, audit-related fees, and tax fees. 
 OpenText s Audit Committee has established a policy of reviewing, in advance, and either approving or not approving, all audit, audit-related, tax and other non-audit services that our independent registered public accounting firm provides to us. This policy requires that all services received from our independent registered public accounting firm be approved in advance by the Audit Committee or a delegate of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has delegated the pre-approval responsibility to the Chair of the Audit Committee. All services that KPMG LLP provided to us in Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 have been pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 The Audit Committee has determined that the provision of the services as set out above is compatible with the maintaining of KPMG LLP s independence in the conduct of its auditing functions. Audit services representing approximately 0.01 million were provided by KPMG LLP for which the foregoing pre-approval procedures were waived pursuant to Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (Item 8) Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP, Toronto, Canada, Auditor Firm ID: 
 142 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 144 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 145 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 146 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 147 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 148 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 149 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 151 
 
 (b) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 1) Consolidated financial statements and Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and the related notes thereto are included in Part II, Item 8. 
 2) Valuation and Qualifying Accounts; see Note 4 Allowance for Credit Losses and Note 15 Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. 
 3) Exhibits: The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC. Exhibits not incorporated by reference to a prior filing are designated by a cross (+); all exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference to a prior filing as indicated. Management contracts relating to compensatory plans or arrangements are designated by a star ). 
 Exhibit Number Description Report or Registration Statement Exhibit Reference 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 10, 2019, by and among Open Text Corporation, Coral Merger Sub Inc. and Carbonite, Inc . 
 Company s Form 8-K, filed November 12, 2019 Exhibit 2.1 2. 2 
 Rule 2.7 Announcement, dated August 25, 2022. 
 Company s Form 8-K/A, filed August 29, 2022 Exhibit 2.1 3.1 Articles of Amalgamation of the Company Company s registration statement on Form F-1, filed November 1, 1995, or Amendments 1, 2 or 3 thereto (filed December 28, 1995, January 22, 1996 and January 23, 1996, respectively) 3.2 Articles of Amendment of the Company Company s registration statement on Form F-1, filed November 1, 1995, or Amendments 1, 2 or 3 thereto (filed December 28, 1995, January 22, 1996 and January 23, 1996, respectively) 3.3 Articles of Amendment of the Company Company s registration statement on Form F-1, filed November 1, 1995, or Amendments 1, 2 or 3 thereto (filed December 28, 1995, January 22, 1996 and January 23, 1996, respectively) 3.4 Articles of Amalgamation of the Company Company s registration statement on Form F-1, filed November 1, 1995, or Amendments 1, 2 or 3 thereto (filed December 28, 1995, January 22, 1996 and January 23, 1996, respectively) 3.5 Articles of Amalgamation of the Company, dated July 1, 2001 Company s Form 10-K, filed September 28, 2001 3.6 
 Articles of Amalgamation of the Company, dated July 1, 2002 
 Company s Form 10-K, filed September 28, 2002 Exhibit 3.10 3.7 
 Articles of Amalgamation of the Company, dated July 1, 2003 
 Company s Form 10-K, filed September 29, 2003 Exhibit 3.11 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 3.8 
 Articles of Amalgamation of the Company, dated July 1, 2004 
 Company s Form 10-K, filed September 13, 2004 Exhibit 3.12 3.9 
 Articles of Amalgamation of the Company, dated July 1, 2005 
 Company s Form 10-K, filed September 27, 2005 Exhibit 3.13 3.10 
 Articles of Continuance of the Company, dated December 29, 2005 
 Company s Form 10-Q, filed February 3, 2006 Exhibit 3.1 3.11 
 By-Law 1 of Open Text Corporation 
 Company s Form 8-K, filed September 26, 2013 Exhibit 3.1 4.1 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Company s Form 10-K, filed August 1, 2019 Exhibit 4.1 4.2 Form of Common Share Certificate Company s registration statement on Form F-1 (Registration Number 33-98858), filed November 1, 1995, or Amendments 1, 2 or 3 thereto (filed December 28, 1995, January 22, 1996 and January 23, 1996, respectively) 4. 3 
 Indenture, dated as of February 18, 2020, between Open Text Corporation and the Bank of NY Mellon, as U.S. Trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee 
 Company s Form 8-K filed February 18, 2020 Exhibit 4.1 4. 4 
 Indenture, dated as of February 18, 2020, between Open Text Holdings, Inc. and the Bank of NY Mellon, as U.S. Trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee 
 Company s Form 8-K filed February 18, 2020 Exhibit 4.3 4. 5 
 Indenture governing the Company s 3.875 Senior Notes due 2029, dated as of November 24, 2021, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon, as U.S. trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee . 
 Company s Form 8-K filed November 24, 2021 Exhibit 4.1 4. 6 
 Indenture governing OTHI s 4.125 Senior Notes due 2031, dated as of November 24, 2021, among OTHI, the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon, as U.S. trustee, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee. 
 Company s Form 8-K filed November 24, 2021 Exhibit 4.3 4.7 
 Amended and Restated Shareholder Rights Plan Agreement between Open Text Corporation and Computershare Investor Services, Inc. dated September 15, 2022. 
 Company s Form 8-K, filed September 15, 2022 Exhibit 4.1 4.8 
 Form of Common Share Certificate 
 Company s Form 10-Q, filed November 3, 2022 4 .9 
 Indenture governing the Company s 6.90 senior secured notes due 2027, dated as of December 1, 2022, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, The Bank of New York Mellon, as U.S. trustee and Notes collateral agent, and BNY Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian trustee. 
 Company s Form 8-K, filed December 1, 2022 Exhibit 4.1 10.1 1998 Stock Option Plan Company s Form 10-K filed August 20, 1999 10.2 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and certain of its officers dated September 7, 2006 
 Company s Form 10-K filed September 12, 2006 Exhibit 10.26 10.3 
 Consulting Agreement between Steven Sadler and SJS Advisors Inc. and the Company, dated May 3, 2005 
 Company s Form 10-K filed August 26, 2008 Exhibit 10.28 10.4 
 OpenText Corporation Directors Deferred Share Unit Plan, as amended and restated October 30, 2018 
 Company s Form 10-Q filed January 31, 2019 Exhibit 10.1 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among Open Text Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries, the Lenders, Barclays Bank PLC, Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays Capital and RBC Capital Markets, dated as of November 9, 2011 
 Company s Form 8-K filed November 9, 2011 Exhibit 99.1 10.6 
 OpenText Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan 2015 for eligible employees, effective October 3, 2012 
 Company s Form 10-Q filed November 1, 2012 Exhibit 10.2 10.7 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 30, 2012 between Mark Barrenechea and the Company 
 Company s Form 10-Q filed November 1, 2012 Exhibit 10.3 10.8 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement between Mark J. Barrenechea and the Company dated January 24, 2013 (amending the Employment Agreement between Mark J. Barrenechea and the Company dated October 30, 2012) 
 Company s Form 10-Q filed January 25, 2013 Exhibit 10.3 10.9 
 Employment Agreement, as of December 19, 2012, between Gordon A. Davies and the Company 
 Company s Form 10-K filed August 1, 2013 Exhibit 10.20 10.10 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Amended and Restated Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2013, between Open Text ULC, as term borrower, Open Text ULC, Open Text Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as revolving credit borrowers, the domestic guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent, and Royal Bank of Canada, as documentary credit lender 
 Company s Form 8-K filed December 20, 2013 Exhibit 10.1 10.11 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2014, among Open Text Corporation, as guarantor, Ocelot Merger Sub, Inc., which on January 16, 2014 merged with and into GXS Group, Inc. which survived such merger, as borrower, the other domestic guarantors party thereto, the lenders named therein, as lenders, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent, and with Barclays and RBC Capital Markets, as lead arrangers and joint bookrunners 
 Company s Form 8-K filed January 16, 2014 Exhibit 10.1 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 10.12 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2014, between Open Text ULC, as term borrower, Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as revolving credit borrowers, the domestic guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent, and Royal Bank of Canada, as documentary credit lender 
 Company s Form 8-K filed December 23, 2014 Exhibit 10.1 10.13 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 30, 2012, between Muhi Majzoub and the Company 
 Company s Form 10-K filed July 31, 2014 Exhibit 10.20 10.14 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Employment Agreement between Mark J. Barrenechea and the Company dated July 30, 2014 (amending the Employment Agreement between Mark J. Barrenechea and the Company dated October 30, 2012) 
 Company s Form 10-K filed July 31, 2014 Exhibit 10.23 10.15 
 Repricing Amendment and Amendment No. 2 dated as of February 22, 2017 to Credit Agreement, by and among Open Text Corporation, as guarantor, Open Text GXS ULC, as borrower, the other guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent 
 Company s Form 8-K filed February 22, 2017 Exhibit 10.1 10.16 
 Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2017, among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as borrowers, the guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, and Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent 
 Company s Form 10-Q filed May 8, 2017 Exhibit 10.2 10.17 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Employment Agreement between Mark J. Barrenechea and the Company dated June 1, 2017 (amending the Employment Agreement between Mark J. Barrenechea and the Company dated October 30, 2012) 
 Company s Form 8-K filed June 6, 2017 Exhibit 10.1 10.18 
 Amendment No. 4 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2017, among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as borrowers, the guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, and Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent 
 Company s Form 10-Q filed November 2, 2017 Exhibit 10.1 10.19 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 30, 2018, among the Company, Open Text Inc. and Madhu Ranganathan 
 Company s Form 8-K filed February 1, 2018 Exhibit 10.1 10.20 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 30, 2018, by and among Open Text Corporation, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent 
 Company s Form 8-K filed May 30, 2018 Exhibit 10.1 10.21 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 30, 2018, by and among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as borrowers, the guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender and Royal Bank of Canada as documentary credit lender 
 Company s Form 8-K filed May 30, 2018 Exhibit 10.2 10.22 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2017, between Simon (Ted) Harrison and the Company 
 Company s Form 10-K filed August 2, 2018 Exhibit 10.31 10.23 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 31, 2019, by and among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as borrowers, the guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender and Royal Bank of Canada as documentary credit lender 
 Company s Form 8-K filed November 5, 2019 Exhibit 10.1 10.24 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Employment Agreement between Mark J. Barrenechea and the Company dated August 14, 2020 (amending the Employment Agreement between Mark J. Barrenechea and the Company dated October 30, 2012, as amended) 
 Company s Form 8-K filed August 14, 2020 Exhibit 10.1 10.25 
 Open Text Corporation 2004 Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated on September 14, 2020 
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed September 30, 2020 Exhibit 4.1 10.26 
 Open Text Corporation 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated on September 14, 2020 
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed September 30, 2020 Exhibit 4.2 10. 27 
 Bridge Loan Agreement, dated August 25, 2022, by and between the Company, the guarantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and certain financial institution parties thereto. 
 Company s Form 8-K, filed August 25, 2022 Exhibit 10.3 10. 28 
 Co-operation Agreement, dated August 25, 2022, by and between the Company, Bidco and Micro Focus International plc. 
 Company s Form 8-K/A, filed August 29, 2022 Exhibit 10.1 10. 29 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated August 25, 2022, by and between the Company, the guarantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, and certain financial institution parties thereto. 
 Company s Form 8-K/A, filed August 29, 2022 Exhibit 10.2 10. 30 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated December 1, 2022, by and among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and certain financial institution parties thereto. 
 Company s Form 8-K, filed December 1, 2022 Exhibit 10.1 10.31 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated June 6, 2023, by and among Open Text Corporation, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent. 
 10.32 
 Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 6, 2023, by and among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as borrowers, the guarantors party thereto, each of the lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender and Royal Bank of Canada as documentary credit lender. 
 21.1+ 
 List of the Company s Subsidiaries 
 23.1+ 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1+ 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 140 

Table of Contents 

 31.2+ 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1+ 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2+ 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS+ XBRL instance document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH+ Inline XBRL taxonomy extension schema 101.CAL+ Inline XBRL taxonomy extension calculation linkbase 101.DEF+ Inline XBRL taxonomy extension definition linkbase 101.LAB+ Inline XBRL taxonomy extension label linkbase 101.PRE+ Inline XBRL taxonomy extension presentation 
 
 141 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Open Text Corporation 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Open Text Corporation (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated August 2, 2023 , expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Evaluation of the determination of standalone selling prices of revenue performance obligations for customer contracts with a software license 
 As discussed in Note 2 and Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company generally sells or licenses its software in combination with other products and services such as customer support and professional services. The accounting for customer contracts with a software license requires an allocation of the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation based on the determination of the standalone selling price (SSP). SSP for a performance obligation in a customer contract is an estimate of the price that would be charged for the specific product or service if it was sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. This estimate determines the allocation of the transaction price and affects the amount and timing of revenue recognized for each performance obligation in a customer contract. SSP is estimated based on the impact of geographic or regional specific factors, profit objectives and pricing practices for different performance obligations. We identified the evaluation of the determination of the SSP of revenue performance obligations for customer contracts with a software license as a critical audit matter. A higher degree of auditor judgment was required to evaluate the approach and the significant assumptions, including the basis for stratification, used to establish SSP for each performance obligation which could be offered in a customer contract. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s revenue process, including controls over the approach and the significant assumptions used to determine SSP for identified performance obligations in customer contracts which include a software license. We evaluated the approach used to determine SSP based on current pricing patterns in 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 relevant customer contracts, historical analysis of renewal contract pricing completed by the Company and pricing practices observed in the industry. We inspected a selection of contracts from the SSP population and compared attributes such as price and employee consultant level to historical information. 
 Assessment of uncertain tax positions 
 As discussed in Note 2, Note 14 and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recognized uncertain tax positions including associated interest and penalties. The Company s tax positions are subject to audit by local taxing authorities across multiple global subsidiaries and the resolution of such audits may span multiple years. Tax law is complex and often subject to varied interpretations. Accordingly, the ultimate outcome with respect to taxes the Company may owe may differ from the amounts recognized. 
 We identified the assessment of uncertain tax positions as a critical audit matter. The assessment of tax exposures and the ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions requires a higher degree of auditor judgment in evaluating the Company s interpretation of, and compliance with, tax law globally across multiple jurisdictions. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process to assess uncertain tax positions, including controls related to the interpretation of tax law and identification of uncertain tax positions, the evaluation of which of the Company s tax positions may not be sustained upon audit and the estimation of exposures associated with uncertain tax positions. We involved domestic and international tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in assessing filed tax positions and transfer pricing studies, and evaluating the Company s interpretation of tax law and its assessment of certain tax uncertainties and expected outcomes, including, if applicable, the measurement thereof, by reading advice obtained from the Company s external specialists and correspondence with taxation authorities. 
 Business combination - Valuation of acquired intangible assets 
 As discussed in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, on January 31, 2023, the Company acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of Micro Focus International plc (Micro Focus) for 6.2 billion. The Company identified customer relationships and internally developed technology as acquired intangible assets and have determined the fair value of the customer relationships and internally developed technology to be 2.162 billion and 1.392 billion, respectively. As discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimated the fair value of the identified intangible assets acquired in the business combination based on the income approach. The Company used the multi-period excess earnings methodology for customer relationships and the relief from royalty method for internally developed technology. These valuation approaches involve significant subjectivity and estimation uncertainty, including the use of assumptions related to the future revenues attributable to the acquired customer relationships and to the internally developed technology asset, and discount rates. 
 We identified the valuation of customer relationships and internally developed technology acquired in the business combination with Micro Focus as a critical audit matter. Significant auditor judgment and attention was required due to the significant measurement uncertainty in the assumptions related to future revenues attributable to the acquired customer relationships and to the internally developed technology asset, and discount rates used to determine the fair value. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s valuation of customer relationships and internally developed technology. This included controls related to management s determination of the assumptions identified above. We evaluated the future revenues attributable to the acquired customer relationships and to the internally developed technology asset by comparing the forecasted revenues to the historical performance of the acquired business. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge to assess the methodology applied in estimating the fair value of the identified intangible assets and assist in evaluating the discount rates by comparing the inputs to the discount rates to publicly available data for comparable entities and assessing the resulting discount rate. 

/s/ 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2001. 
 
 August 2, 2023 
 
 143 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Open Text Corporation: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Open Text Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, Open Text Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated August 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company acquired Micro Focus International plc (Micro Focus) on January 31, 2023, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, Micro Focus internal control over financial reporting associated with 21.8 of consolidated total revenues and 47.6 of consolidated total assets (of which 6.8 billion, or 39.6 of consolidated total assets, represents goodwill and net intangible assets that are included within the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023) included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Micro Focus. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants 
 Toronto, Canada 
 August 2, 2023 
 144 

Table of Contents 

OPEN TEXT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share data) 
 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable trade, net of allowance for credit losses of as of June 30, 2023 
 and as of June 30, 2022 (Note 4) 
 Contract assets (Note 3) 
 Income taxes recoverable (Note 15) 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets (Note 9) 
 Total current assets Property and equipment (Note 5) 
 Operating lease right of use assets (Note 6) 
 Long-term contract assets (Note 3) 
 Goodwill (Note 7) 
 Acquired intangible assets (Note 8) 
 Deferred tax assets (Note 15) 
 Other assets (Note 9) 
 Long-term income taxes recoverable (Note 15) 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note 10) 
 Current portion of long-term debt (Note 11) 
 Operating lease liabilities (Note 6) 
 Deferred revenues (Note 3) 
 Income taxes payable (Note 15) 
 Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Accrued liabilities (Note 10) 
 Pension liability (Note 12) 
 Long-term debt (Note 11) 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities (Note 6) 
 Long-term deferred revenues (Note 3) 
 Long-term income taxes payable (Note 15) 
 Deferred tax liabilities (Note 15) 
 Total long-term liabilities Shareholders equity: Share capital and additional paid-in capital (Note 13) 
 and Common Shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 
 June 30, 2022, respectively; authorized Common Shares: unlimited 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 21) 
 ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost and shares at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, 
 respectively) 
 ) ) Total OpenText shareholders equity Non-controlling interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 Guarantees and contingencies (Note 14) 
 Related party transactions (Note 25) 
 Subsequent events (Note 26) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 OPEN TEXT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues (Note 3): 
 Cloud services and subscriptions Customer support License Professional service and other Total revenues Cost of revenues: Cloud services and subscriptions Customer support License Professional service and other Amortization of acquired technology-based intangible assets (Note 8) 
 Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Depreciation Amortization of acquired customer-based intangible assets (Note 8) 
 Special charges (recoveries) (Note 18) 
 Total operating expenses Income from operations 
 Other income (expense), net (Note 23) 
 Interest and other related expense, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 Provision for income taxes (Note 15) 
 Net income 
 Net (income) attributable to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to OpenText 
 Earnings per share basic attributable to OpenText (Note 24) 
 Earnings per share diluted attributable to OpenText (Note 24) 
 Weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding basic (in 000 s) Weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding diluted (in 000 s) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 OPEN TEXT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net income 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) net of tax: Net foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges: Unrealized gain (loss) - net of tax (1) 
 ) ) (Gain) loss reclassified into net income - net of tax (2) 
 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale financial assets: Unrealized gain (loss) - net of tax (3) 
 ) Actuarial gain (loss) relating to defined benefit pension plans: Actuarial gain (loss) - net of tax (4) 
 ) Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss into net income - net of tax (5) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss), net 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 Comprehensive income attributable to non - controlling interests 
 ) ) ) Total comprehensive income attributable to OpenText 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) ), ), and for the year ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) , , and for the year ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) , , and for the year ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 (4) ), and for the year ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (5) , and for the year ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 147 

Table of Contents 

 OPEN TEXT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars and shares) 
 
 Common Shares and Additional Paid in Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Non-Controlling Interests Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2020 
 ) ) Adoption of ASU 2016-13 - cumulative effect, net ) ) Issuance of Common Shares Under employee stock option plans Under employee stock purchase plans Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock ) Repurchase of Common Shares ) ) ) ) Dividends declared 
 per Common Share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) - net Non-controlling interest Net income Balance as of June 30, 2021 
 ) ) Issuance of Common Shares Under employee stock option plans Under employee stock purchase plans Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock ) Repurchase of Common Shares ) ) ) ) Dividends declared 
 per Common Share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) - net ) ) Distribution to non-controlling interest ) ) Net income Balance as of June 30, 2022 
 ) ) ) Issuance of Common Shares Under employee stock option plans Under employee stock purchase plans Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Issuance of treasury stock ) ) Dividends declared 
 per Common Share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) - net ) ) Net income Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 OPEN TEXT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets Share-based compensation expense Pension expense Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Write-off of right of use assets Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on sale and write down of property and equipment Deferred taxes ) ) Share in net (income) loss of equity investees ) ) Changes in financial instruments Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Contract assets ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Income taxes ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other assets ) Operating lease assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Additions of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of Micro Focus, net of cash acquired ) Purchase of Zix Corporation, net of cash acquired ) Purchase of Bricata Inc. ) Purchase of XMedius Purchase of Dynamic Solutions Group Inc. ) Realized gain on financial instruments Other investing activities ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of Common Shares from exercise of stock options and ESPP Proceeds from long-term debt and Revolver Repayment of long-term debt and Revolver ) ) ) Debt extinguishment costs ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Repurchase of Common Shares ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Distribution to non-controlling interest ) Payments of dividends to shareholders ) ) ) Other financing activities ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Foreign exchange gain (loss) on cash held in foreign currencies 
 ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash during the year 
 ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the year 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 OPEN TEXT CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash (1) 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 _________________________________ 
 (1) 
 Supplemental cash flow disclosures (Note 6 and Note 22) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 OPEN TEXT CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 (Tabular amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share data) 
 
 NOTE 1 
 owned by OpenText. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
 Previously, our ownership in EC1 Pte. Ltd. (GXS Singapore) was . During the first quarter of Fiscal 2022 (as defined below), we made a final cash distribution of million to the non-controlling interest holder in GXS Singapore as part of the process to liquidate the subsidiary. During Fiscal 2022, the liquidation of GXS Singapore was completed. 
 The following Fiscal Year terms are used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Fiscal Year Beginning Date Ending Date Fiscal 2025 
 July 1, 2024 
 June 30, 2025 
 Fiscal 2024 
 July 1, 2023 
 June 30, 2024 
 Fiscal 2023 
 July 1, 2022 
 June 30, 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 
 July 1, 2021 
 June 30, 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 
 July 1, 2020 
 June 30, 2021 
 Fiscal 2020 
 July 1, 2019 
 June 30, 2020 
 Fiscal 2019 
 July 1, 2018 
 June 30, 2019 
 Fiscal 2018 
 July 1, 2017 
 June 30, 2018 
 Fiscal 2017 
 July 1, 2016 
 June 30, 2017 
 Fiscal 2016 
 July 1, 2015 
 June 30, 2016 
 Fiscal 2015 
 July 1, 2014 
 June 30, 2015 
 Fiscal 2014 
 July 1, 2013 
 June 30, 2014 
 Fiscal 2013 
 July 1, 2012 
 June 30, 2013 
 Fiscal 2012 
 July 1, 2011 
 June 30, 2012 

These Consolidated Financial Statements are expressed in U.S. dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). The information furnished reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods presented and includes the consolidated financial results of Micro Focus International Limited, formerly Micro Focus International plc, and its subsidiaries (Micro Focus), with effect from February 1, 2023 (see below and Note 19 Acquisitions ). 

151 

Table of Contents 

 billion, inclusive of Micro Focus cash and repayment of Micro Focus outstanding indebtedness, subject to final adjustments. 
 In connection with the financing of the Micro Focus Acquisition, concurrent with the announcement of the acquisition on August 25, 2022, the Company entered into the Acquisition Term Loan and Bridge Loan (each as defined below) as well as certain derivative transactions. On December 1, 2022, the Company issued and sold billion in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (Senior Secured Notes 2027), amended the Acquisition Term Loan and terminated the Bridge Loan. On January 31, 2023, we drew down the entire aggregate principal amount of billion of the Acquisition Term Loan, net of original issuance discount and other fees, and drew down million under the Revolver (as defined below). We used these proceeds and cash on hand to fund the purchase price consideration and repayment of Micro Focus outstanding indebtedness. In conjunction with the closing of the Micro Focus Acquisition, the deal-contingent forward contracts and non-contingent forward contract, as described in Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, were settled. 
 
 NOTE 2 

Please see the Impairment of long-lived assets section below for policy on property and equipment impairments. 
 to years 
 Computer hardware to years 
 Computer software to years 
 Capitalized software development costs to years 
 Leasehold improvements Lesser of the lease term or years 
 Building years 
 
 152 

Table of Contents 

 to year period. In determining and reassessing the estimated useful life over which the cost incurred for the software should be amortized, we consider the effects of obsolescence, technology, competition and other economic factors. If different determinations are made with respect to the estimated useful life of the software, the amount of amortization charged in a particular period could differ materially. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 our capitalized software development costs were million and million, respectively. Our additions, relating to capitalized software development costs, incurred during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 were million and million, respectively. 
 153 

Table of Contents 

 impairment of goodwill required to be recorded for Fiscal 2023 impairments were recorded for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively). 
 154 

Table of Contents 

We have t recorded any significant impairment charges for long-lived assets during Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 
 155 

Table of Contents 

 revenue streams: cloud services and subscriptions, customer support, license, and professional service and other. 
 Cloud services and subscriptions revenue 
 Cloud services and subscriptions revenue are from hosting arrangements where in connection with the licensing of software, the end user does not take possession of the software, as well as from end-to-end fully outsourced B2B integration solutions to our customers (collectively referred to as cloud arrangements). The software application resides on our hardware or that of a third party, and the customer accesses and uses the software on an as-needed basis. Our cloud arrangements can be broadly categorized as PaaS, SaaS, cloud subscriptions and managed services. 
 PaaS/ SaaS/ Cloud Subscriptions (collectively referred to here as cloud-based solutions): We offer cloud-based solutions that provide customers the right to access our software through the internet. Our cloud-based solutions represent a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. These services are made available to the customer continuously throughout the contractual period. However, the extent to which the customer uses the services may vary at the customer s discretion. The payment for cloud-based solutions may be received either at inception of the arrangement, or over the term of the arrangement. 
 These cloud-based solutions are considered to have a single performance obligation where the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit, and as such we recognize revenue for these cloud-based solutions ratably over the term of the contractual agreement. For example, revenue related to cloud-based solutions that are provided on a usage basis, such as the number of users, is recognized based on a customer s utilization of the services in a given period. 
 Additionally, a software license is present in a cloud-based solutions arrangement if all of the following criteria are met: 
 (i) The customer has the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time without significant penalty; and 
 (ii) It is feasible for the customer to host the software independent of us. 
 In these cases where a software license is present in a cloud-based solutions arrangement it is assessed to determine if it is distinct from the cloud-based solutions arrangement. The revenue allocated to the distinct software license would be recognized at the point in time the software license is transferred to the customer, whereas the revenue allocated to the hosting performance obligation would be recognized ratably on a monthly basis over the contractual term unless evidence suggests that revenue is earned, or obligations are fulfilled in a different pattern over the contractual term of the arrangement. 
 Managed services: We provide comprehensive B2B process outsourcing services for all day-to-day operations of a customers B2B integration program. Customers using these managed services are not permitted to take possession of our software and the contract is for a defined period, where customers pay a monthly or quarterly fee. Our performance obligation is satisfied as we provide services of operating and managing a customer s EDI environment. Revenue relating to these services is recognized using an output method based on the expected level of service we will provide over the term of the contract. 
 In connection with cloud subscription and managed service contracts, we often agree to perform a variety of services before the customer goes live, such as, converting and migrating customer data, building interfaces and providing training. These services are considered an outsourced suite of professional services which can involve certain project-based activities. These services can be provided at the initiation of a contract, during the implementation or on an ongoing basis as part of the customer life cycle. These services can be charged separately on a fixed fee or time and materials basis, or the costs associated may be recovered as part of the ongoing cloud subscription or managed services fee. These outsourced professional services are considered to be distinct from the ongoing hosting services and represent a separate performance obligation within our cloud subscription or managed services arrangements. The obligation to provide outsourced professional services is satisfied over time, with the customer simultaneously receiving and consuming the benefits as we satisfy our performance obligations. For 
 156 

Table of Contents 

 157 

Table of Contents 

 158 

Table of Contents 

 to days of the invoice date. In certain arrangements, we will receive payment from a customer either before or after the performance obligation to which the invoice relates has been satisfied. As a practical expedient, we do not account for significant financing components if the period between when we transfer the promised good or service to the customer and when the customer pays for the product or service will be one year or less. On that basis, our contracts for license and maintenance typically do not contain a significant financing component, however, in determining the transaction price we consider whether we need to adjust the promised consideration for the effects of the time value of money if the timing of payments provides either the customer or OpenText with a significant benefit of financing. Our managed services contracts may not include an upfront charge for outsourced professional services performed as part of an implementation and are recovered through an ongoing fee. Therefore, these contracts may be expected to have a financing component associated with revenue being recognized in advance of billings. 
 We may modify contracts to offer customers additional products or services. The additional products and services will be considered distinct from those products or services transferred to the customer before the modification and will be accounted for as a separate contract. We evaluate whether the price for the additional products and services reflects the SSP adjusted as appropriate for facts and circumstances applicable to that contract. In determining whether an adjustment is appropriate, we evaluate whether the incremental consideration is consistent with the prices previously paid by the customer or similar customers. 
 Certain of our subscription services and product support arrangements generally contain performance response time guarantees. For subscription services arrangements, we estimate variable consideration using a portfolio approach because performance penalties are tied to standard response time requirements. For product support arrangements, we estimate variable consideration on a contract basis because such arrangements are customer-specific. For both subscription services and product support arrangements, we use an expected value approach to estimate variable consideration based on historical business practices and current and future performance expectations to determine the likelihood of incurring penalties. 
 Performance Obligations 
 A summary of our typical performance obligations and when the obligations are satisfied are as follows: 
 Performance Obligation When Performance Obligation is Typically Satisfied Cloud services and subscriptions revenue: Outsourced Professional Services 
 Managed Services / Ongoing Hosting / SaaS 
 As the services are provided (over time) 
 Over the contract term, beginning on the date that service is made available (i.e., Go live to the customer (over time) 
 Customer support revenue: When and if available updates and upgrades and technical support Ratable over the course of the service term (over time) License revenue: Software licenses (Perpetual, Term, Subscription) When software activation keys have been made available for download (point in time) Professional service and other revenue: Professional services As the services are provided (over time) 
 159 

Table of Contents 

 which is based on our customer contracts and the estimated life of our technology. 
 Expenses for incremental costs associated with obtaining a contract are recorded within Sales and marketing expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Our short-term capitalized costs to obtain a contract are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets , while our long-term capitalized costs to obtain a contract are included in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Advertising expenses incurred in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 (see Note 15 Income Taxes for more details). 
 
 to below . These investments are accounted for using the equity method. Our share of net income or losses based on our interest in these investments, which approximates fair value, is recorded as a component of Other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Income (see Note 23 Other Income (Expense), Net for more details). 
 (see Note 16 Fair Value Measurement for more details). 
 
 Transactional foreign currency gains (losses) included in the Consolidated Statements of Income under the line item Other income (expense), net for Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were million, ) million, and ) million, respectively. 
 (see Note 18 Special Charges (Recoveries) for more details). 
 161 

Table of Contents 

(see Note 14 Guarantees and Contingencies for more details). 
 
 See Note 24 Earnings Per Share for more details. 
 
 (see Note 13 Share Capital, Option Plans and Share-based Payments for more details). 
 See Note 12 Pension Plans and Other Post Retirement Benefits for more details. 
 
 162 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3 
 revenue streams: cloud services and subscriptions, customer support, license, and professional service and other. 
 EMEA (2) 
 Asia Pacific (3) 
 Total revenues Total Revenues by Type of Performance Obligation: Recurring revenues (4) 
 Cloud services and subscriptions revenue 
 Customer support revenue 
 Total recurring revenues 
 License revenue (perpetual, term and subscriptions) Professional service and other revenue Total revenues Total Revenues by Timing of Revenue Recognition: Point in time Over time (including professional service and other revenue) Total revenues 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Americas consists of countries in North, Central and South America. 
 (2) EMEA consists of countries in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 
 (3) Asia Pacific primarily consists of Japan, Australia, China, Korea, Philippines, Singapore, India and New Zealand. 
 (4) Recurring revenue is defined as the sum of Cloud services and subscriptions revenue and Customer support revenue. 
 163 

Table of Contents 

 Long-term contract assets 
 Short-term deferred revenues Long-term deferred revenues 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) As of June 30, 2023, the deferred revenue and contract assets balances related to the Micro Focus Acquisition are million and million, respectively. 
 The difference in the opening and closing balances of our contract assets and deferred revenues primarily results from the Micro Focus Acquisition and from the timing difference between our performance and customer payments. We fulfill our obligations under a contract with a customer by transferring products and services in exchange for consideration from the customer. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we reclassified million (year ended June 30, 2022 - million) of contract assets to receivables as a result of the right to the transaction consideration becoming unconditional. During the year ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively, there was significant impairment loss recognized related to contract assets. 
 We recognize deferred revenue when we have received consideration, or an amount of consideration is due from the customer for future obligations to transfer products or services. Our deferred revenues primarily relate to cloud services and customer support agreements which have been paid for by customers prior to the performance of those services. The amount of revenue that was recognized during the year ended June 30, 2023 that was included in the deferred revenue balances at June 30, 2022 was million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 Incremental Costs of Obtaining a Contract with a Customer 
 Incremental costs of obtaining a contract include only those costs that we incur to obtain a contract that we would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained, such as sales commissions. 
 New capitalized costs incurred Amortization of capitalized costs ) Adjustments on account of foreign exchange Capitalized costs to obtain a contract as of June 30, 2021 
 New capitalized costs incurred Amortization of capitalized costs ) Adjustments on account of foreign exchange ) Capitalized costs to obtain a contract as of June 30, 2022 
 New capitalized costs incurred Amortization of capitalized costs ) Impact of foreign exchange rate changes Capitalized costs to obtain a contract as of June 30, 2023 
 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively, there was significant impairment loss recognized related to capitalized costs to obtain a contract. Refer to Note 9 Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets for additional information on incremental costs of obtaining a contract. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 
 As of June 30, 2023, approximately billion of revenue is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations on existing contracts. We expect to recognize approximately of this amount over the next months and the remaining balance substantially over the next thereafter. We apply the practical expedient and do not disclose performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less. 
 Refer to Note 2 Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements for additional information on our revenue policy. 
 164 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4 
 Adoption of ASC Topic 326 - cumulative effect Credit loss expense Write-off /adjustments ) Balance as of June 30, 2021 
 Credit loss expense (recovery) ) Write-off /adjustments ) Balance as of June 30, 2022 
 Credit loss expense (recovery) ) Write-off / adjustments ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 
 Included in accounts receivable are unbilled receivables in the amount of million as of June 30, 2023 (June 30, 2022 million). 
 As of June 30, 2023, we have an allowance for credit losses of million for contract assets (June 30, 2022 million). For additional information on contract assets please see Note 3 Revenues. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 ) Computer software ) Capitalized software development costs ) Leasehold improvements ) Land and buildings ) Furniture, equipment and other ) Total ) 
 
 As of June 30, 2022 Cost Accumulated Depreciation Net Computer hardware ) Computer software ) Capitalized software development costs ) Leasehold improvements ) Land and buildings ) Furniture, equipment and other ) Total ) 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6 
 to years, some of which include options to extend for an additional to years after the initial term. Additionally, the land upon which our headquarters in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada is located is leased from the University of Waterloo for a period of years beginning in December 2005, with an option to renew for an additional term of years. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 million of operating lease liabilities along with the respective right of use assets and million of finance lease liabilities along with the respective finance lease receivable. The finance lease liabilities are comprised of equipment lease arrangements with an average duration of to years of which all are currently being sublet. 
 Operating lease liabilities (current) Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities (noncurrent) Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Finance Leases Finance lease receivables (current) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Finance lease receivables (noncurrent) Other assets Total finance lease receivables Finance lease liabilities (current) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Finance lease liabilities (noncurrent) Accrued liabilities Total finance lease liabilities 
 years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Lease Costs and Other Information 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 166 

Table of Contents 

 Finance leases Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases (1) (2) (3) 
 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) The year ended June 30, 2023 excludes the impact of million of right of use assets obtained through the Micro Focus Acquisition. See Note 19 Acquisitions for further details including the finalization of the purchase price allocation for the Micro Focus Acquisition. 
 (2) The year ended June 30, 2022 excludes the impact of million of right of use assets obtained through the acquisition of Zix Corporation. See Note 19 Acquisitions for further details including expected finalization of preliminary purchase price allocation. 
 (3) The year ended June 30, 2021 excludes the release of million of lease liabilities relating to office space that was abandoned during the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2020 and was subsequently early terminated or assigned to a third party. These recoveries were recorded in Special charges (recoveries) in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Please see Note 18 Special Charges (Recoveries). 
 Maturity of Lease Liabilities 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) Total 
 Operating lease maturity amounts included in the table above do not include sublease income expected to be received under our various sublease agreements with third parties. Under the agreements initiated with third parties, we expect to receive sublease income of million in Fiscal 2024 and million thereafter. 
 167 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 7 
 
 Acquisition of Zix Corporation (Note 19) 
 Acquisition of Bricata Inc. (Note 19) 
 Impact of foreign exchange rate changes ) Balance as of June 30, 2022 
 Acquisition of Micro Focus (Note 19) 
 Acquisition of Zix Corporation (Note 19) (1) 
 Impact of foreign exchange rate changes ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 ______________________ 
 (1) Adjustments relating to open measurement period. 

NOTE 8 
 ) Customer assets (1) 
 ) Total ) As of June 30, 2022 Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Technology assets ) Customer assets ) Total ) 
 ______________________ 
 (1) The balances as of June 30, 2023 include billion of technology assets and billion of customer assets acquired through the Micro Focus Acquisition. See Note 19 Acquisitions for further details including the finalization of the purchase price allocation for the Micro Focus Acquisition. 
 Where applicable, the above balances as of June 30, 2023 have been reduced to reflect the impact of intangible assets where the gross cost has become fully amortized during the year ended June 30, 2023. The impact of this resulted in a reduction of million to technology assets and accumulated amortization and million to customer assets and accumulated amortization. The weighted average amortization periods for acquired technology and customer intangible assets are approximately and , respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and Thereafter 
 Total 
 168 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 9 
 Capitalized costs to obtain a contract Short-term prepaid expenses and other current assets Derivative asset (1) 
 Total 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Represents the asset related to our derivative instrument activity (see Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities ). 
 Other assets: 
 As of June 30, 2023 As of June 30, 2022 
 Deposits and restricted cash Capitalized costs to obtain a contract Investments Available-for-sale financial assets Long-term prepaid expenses and other long-term assets Total 
 Deposits and restricted cash primarily relate to security deposits provided to landlords in accordance with facility lease agreements and cash restricted per the terms of certain contractual-based agreements. 
 Capitalized costs to obtain a contract relate to incremental costs of obtaining a contract, such as sales commissions, which are eligible for capitalization on contracts to the extent that such costs are expected to be recovered (see Note 3 Revenues ). 
 Investments relate to certain investment funds in which we are a limited partner. Our interests in each of these investees range from to below . These investments are accounted for using the equity method. Our share of net income or losses based on our interest in these investments, which approximates fair value and subject to volatility based on market trends and business conditions, is recorded as a component of Other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Income (see Note 23 Other Income (Expense), Net ). 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, our share of income (loss) from these investments was ) million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 As part of the Micro Focus Acquisition, we acquired the rights to certain available-for-sale financial assets. A portion of the available-for-sale financial assets relate to contractual arrangements under insurance policies held by the Company with guaranteed interest rates that are utilized to meet certain pension and post retirement obligations but do not meet the definition of a plan asset. The remaining portion of available-for-sale financial assets are primarily comprised of various debt and equity funds, which are valued utilizing market quotes provided by our third-party custodian. These arrangements are treated as available-for-sale financial assets measured at fair value quarterly (see Note 16 Fair Value Measurement with unrealized gains and losses recorded within Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net (see Note 20 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ). 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets, both short-term and long-term, include advance payments on licenses that are being amortized over the applicable terms of the licenses and other miscellaneous assets. 
 169 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10 
 Accrued salaries, incentives and commissions Accrued liabilities Accrued sales and other tax liabilities Derivative liability (1) 
 Accrued interest on long-term debt Amounts payable in respect of restructuring and other special charges Asset retirement obligations Total 
 ______________________________ 
 . 
 Other accrued liabilities Asset retirement obligations Total 
 Asset retirement obligations 
 We are required to return certain of our leased facilities to their original state at the conclusion of our lease. As of June 30, 2023, the present value of this obligation was million (June 30, 2022 million), with an undiscounted value of million (June 30, 2022 million). As of June 30, 2023, the present value of this obligation and the undiscounted value related to the Micro Focus Acquisition was million and million, respectively. 
 170 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11 
 Senior Notes 2030 Senior Notes 2029 Senior Notes 2028 Senior Secured Notes 2027 Term Loan B Acquisition Term Loan Revolver Total principal payments due Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs (1) 
 ) ) Total amount outstanding Less: Current portion of long-term debt Term Loan B Acquisition Term Loan Revolver Total current portion of long-term debt Non-current portion of long-term debt 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) During the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded million of debt discount and issuance costs, relating to the issuance of Senior Secured Notes 2027 and Acquisition Term Loan. Included in this amount was million of original issue discount fees related to the Acquisition Term Loan. 
 Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Notes 
 Senior Notes 2031 
 On November 24, 2021, OpenText Holdings, Inc. a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, issued million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2031 guaranteed by the Company (Senior Notes 2031) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2031 bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 2022. Senior Notes 2031 will mature on December 1, 2031, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of million relating to Senior Notes 2031 (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and , respectively) 
 Senior Notes 2030 
 On February 18, 2020, OpenText Holdings, Inc. a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Company, issued million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2030 guaranteed by the Company (Senior Notes 2030) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2030 bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15, commencing on August 15, 2020. Senior Notes 2030 will mature on February 15, 2030, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of million relating to Senior Notes 2030 (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 171 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2029 (Senior Notes 2029) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2029 bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 2022. Senior Notes 2029 will mature on December 1, 2029, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of million relating to Senior Notes 2029 (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and , respectively). 
 Senior Notes 2028 
 On February 18, 2020, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2028 (Senior Notes 2028, and together with the Senior Notes 2031, Senior Notes 2030, Senior Notes 2029, and Senior Notes 2027, the Senior Notes) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2028 bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15, commencing on August 15, 2020. Senior Notes 2028 will mature on February 15, 2028, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of million relating to Senior Notes 2028 (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 Senior Notes 2026 
 On May 31, 2016, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2026 (Senior Notes 2026) in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to certain persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Notes 2026 had interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, commencing on December 1, 2016. Senior Notes 2026 would have matured on June 1, 2026. 
 On December 20, 2016, we issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount by reopening our Senior Notes 2026 at an issue price of . The additional notes had identical terms, were fungible with and were a part of a single series with the previously issued million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes 2026. The outstanding aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes 2026, after taking into consideration the additional issuance, was million as of December 9, 2021. 
 On December 9, 2021, we redeemed Senior Notes 2026 in full at a price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. A portion of the net proceeds from the offerings of Senior Notes 2029 and Senior Notes 2031 was used to redeem Senior Notes 2026. Upon redemption, Senior Notes 2026 were cancelled and any obligation thereunder was extinguished. The resulting loss of million, consisting of million relating to the early termination call premium, million relating to unamortized debt issuance costs and ) million relating to unamortized premium, has been recorded as a component of Other income (expense), net in our Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 23 Other Income (Expense), Net. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we did record any interest expense relating to Senior Notes 2026 (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes 
 Senior Secured Notes 2027 
 On December 1, 2022, we issued billion in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes 2027 in connection with the financing of the Micro Focus Acquisition in an unregistered offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. Senior Secured Notes 2027 bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 2023. Senior Secured Notes 2027 will mature on December 1, 2027, unless earlier redeemed, in accordance with their terms, or repurchased. 
 172 

Table of Contents 

 . The effective interest rate includes interest expense of million and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of million. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of million, relating to Senior Secured Notes 2027 (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 , respectively). 
 Term Loan B 
 On May 30, 2018, we refinanced our existing term loan facility, by entering into a new billion term loan facility (Term Loan B), whereby we borrowed billion on that day and repaid in full the loans under our prior million term loan facility originally entered into on January 16, 2014. Borrowings under Term Loan B are secured by a first charge over substantially all of our assets on a pari passu basis with the Revolver (as defined below), Acquisition Term Loan (as defined below) and Senior Secured Notes 2027. On June 6, 2023, we amended the Term Loan B to replace the LIBOR benchmark rate applicable to borrowings under Term Loan B with a SOFR benchmark rate. 
 Term Loan B has a term, maturing in May 2025, and repayments made under Term Loan B are equal to of the principal amount in equal quarterly installments for the life of Term Loan B, with the remainder due at maturity. Borrowings under the Term Loan B currently bear a floating rate of interest equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment (as defined in the Term Loan B) and applicable margin of . As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding balance on the Term Loan B bears an interest rate of . As of June 30, 2023, the Term Loan B bears an effective interest rate of . The effective interest rate includes interest expense of million and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of million. 
 Under Term Loan B, we must maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than :1.00 at the end of each financial quarter. Consolidated net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of our total debt reduced by unrestricted cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, over our trailing twelve months net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation and other miscellaneous charges. As of June 30, 2023, our consolidated net leverage ratio, as calculated in accordance with the applicable agreement, was :1.00. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of million relating to Term Loan B (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 Revolver 
 On October 31, 2019, we amended our committed revolving credit facility (the Revolver) to increase the total commitments under the Revolver from million to million as well as to extend the maturity from May 5, 2022 to October 31, 2024. Borrowings under the Revolver are secured by a first charge over substantially all of our assets, on a pari passu basis with Term Loan B, the Acquisition Term Loan and Senior Secured Notes 2027. On June 6, 2023, we entered into an amendment to replace the LIBOR benchmark rate applicable to borrowings under the Revolver with a SOFR benchmark rate. 
 The Revolver has no fixed repayment date prior to the end of the term. Borrowings under the Revolver currently bear interest per annum at a floating rate of interest equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment (as defined in the Revolver) and a fixed margin dependent on our consolidated net leverage ratio ranging from to . As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding balance on the Revolver bears an interest rate of . 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had million outstanding balance under the Revolver (June 30, 2022 ). For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of million relating to the Revolver (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and million, respectively, relating to amounts previously drawn). In July 2023, the Company subsequently repaid million drawn under the Revolver. 
 Acquisition Term Loan 
 On December 1, 2022, we amended our first lien term loan facility (the Acquisition Term Loan), dated as of August 25, 2022, to increase the aggregate commitments under the senior secured delayed-draw term loan facility from an aggregate principal amount of billion to an aggregate principal amount of billion. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company drew down billion from the Acquisition Term Loan, net of original issuance discount of and other fees (see Note 19 Acquisitions for more details). 
 173 

Table of Contents 

 term from the date of funding, and repayments under the Acquisition Term Loan are equal to of the principal amount in equal quarterly installments for the life of the Acquisition Term Loan, with the remainder due at maturity. Borrowings under the Acquisition Term Loan currently bear a floating rate of interest equal to Term SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment (as defined in the Acquisition Term Loan) and applicable margin of . As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding balance on the Acquisition Term Loan bears an interest rate of . As of June 30, 2023, the Acquisition Term Loan bears an effective interest rate of . The effective interest rate includes interest expense of million and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of million. 
 The Acquisition Term Loan has incremental facility capacity of (i) million plus (ii) additional amounts, subject to meeting a consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio not exceeding :1.00, in each case subject to certain conditions. Consolidated senior secured net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of the Company s total debt reduced by unrestricted cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, that is secured by the Company s or any of the Company s subsidiaries assets, over the Company s trailing four financial quarter net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation and other miscellaneous charges. Under the Acquisition Term Loan, we must maintain a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than :1.00 at the end of each financial quarter. Consolidated net leverage ratio is defined for this purpose as the proportion of the Company s total debt reduced by unrestricted cash, including guarantees and letters of credit, over the Company s trailing four financial quarter net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, restructuring, share-based compensation and other miscellaneous charges as defined in the Acquisition Term Loan. As of June 30, 2023, our consolidated net leverage ratio, as calculated in accordance with the applicable agreement, was :1.00. 
 The Acquisition Term Loan is unconditionally guaranteed by certain subsidiary guarantors, as defined in the Acquisition Term Loan, and is secured by a first charge on substantially all of the assets of the Company and the subsidiary guarantors on a pari passu basis with the Revolver, Term Loan B and the Senior Secured Notes 2027. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded interest expense of million relating to the Acquisition Term Loan (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 , respectively). 
 Bridge Loan 
 On August 25, 2022, we entered into a bridge loan agreement (Bridge Loan) which provided for commitments of up to billion to finance a portion of the repayment of Micro Focus existing debt. On December 1, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Bridge Loan that reallocated commitments under the Bridge Loan to the Acquisition Term Loan. In connection with the amendment to the Bridge Loan and the receipt of proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes 2027, all remaining commitments under the Bridge Loan were reduced to and the Bridge Loan was terminated, which resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment of million relating to unamortized debt issuance costs (see Note 22 Other Income (Expense), Net for more details) . 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, we did have any borrowings or record any interest expense relating to the Bridge Loan (year ended June 30, 2022 ). 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs relate primarily to costs incurred for the purpose of obtaining our credit facilities and issuing our Senior Notes and are being amortized through interest expense over the respective terms of the Senior Notes, Term Loan B and Acquisition Term Loan using the effective interest method and straight-line method for the Revolver. 
 174 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12 
 pension and other post retirement plans in multiple countries, including defined benefit and other post retirement benefit plans which were assumed as part of the Micro Focus Acquisition (see Note 19 Acquisitions for more details). All of our pension and other post retirement plans are located outside of Canada and the United States. The plans are primarily located in Germany, which, as of June 30, 2023, make up approximately of the total net benefit pension obligations. 
 Our defined benefit pension plans include a mix of final salary type plans which provide for retirement, old age, disability and survivor s benefits. Final salary type pension plans provide benefits to members either in the form of a lump sum payment or a guaranteed level of pension payable for life in the case of retirement, disability and death. Benefits under our final salary type plans are generally based on the participant s age, compensation and years of service as well as the social security ceiling and other factors. Many of these plans are closed to new members. The net periodic costs of these plans are determined using the projected unit credit method and several actuarial assumptions, the most significant of which are the discount rate and estimated service costs. 
 Other post-retirement plans include statutory plans that offer termination, indemnity or other end of service benefits. Many of these plans were assumed through our acquisitions or are required by local regulatory and statutory requirements. All of our defined benefit and other post retirement plans are included in the aggregate projected benefit obligation within Pension liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company does not intend to make any cash contributions to any defined benefit pension or post-retirement plans unless required by the local regulatory or statutory requirements. For the year ended June 30, 2023, we made cash contributions of million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). For Fiscal 2024, we expect to make cash contributions of million to our defined benefit plans. 
 As part of the Micro Focus Acquisition (see Note 19 Acquisitions for more details), we assumed a total of defined benefit plans, all located outside of Canada and the United States. As of June 30, 2023, these assumed plans carried a net liability of million and are funded at of the defined benefit obligations. Plan assets that partially fund these assumed defined benefit obligations are primarily classified within Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and consist primarily of investments in equity and debt funds. Plan assets exclude insurance contracts with guaranteed interest rates classified as Level 3 available-for-sale financial assets of million that do not meet the definition of a qualifying insurance policy, as they have not been pledged to the defined benefit and other post retirement plans (see Note 16 Fair Value Measurement for more details). As of June 30, 2023, the fair value of these acquired plan assets was million. 
 Projected benefit obligations ) ) Funded status ) ) 
 The following tables provides details of the net benefit obligations of our defined benefit pension and other post-retirement plans: 
 As of June 30, 2023 As of June 30, 2022 Current portion of benefit obligation (1) 
 Non-current portion of benefit obligation Total 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) The current portion of the benefit obligation has been included within Accrued salaries, incentives and commissions, all within Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (see Note 10 Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities ). 
 175 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Company contributions Employee contributions Plan settlement ) Plan amendment ) Net transfers Actuarial (gain) loss ) Foreign exchange (gain) loss ) Benefit obligation end of period Less: Current portion Non-current portion of benefit obligation 
 As of June 30, 2023 As of June 30, 2022 Plan assets beginning of fiscal year Benefit payments from plan assets ) ) Expected return on plan assets Return on plan assets ) ) Company contributions Employee contributions Net transfers Plan Settlement ) Foreign exchange (gain) loss ) Plan assets end of period 
 Interest cost Expected return of plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial (gains) losses Settlement cost Net pension expense 
 Service-related net periodic pension costs are recorded within operating expense and all other non-service related net periodic pension costs are classified under Interest and other related expense, net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.) Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) Settlement cost and plan amendments Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) 
 176 

Table of Contents 

 Debt funds Equity funds Real estate funds Other Total 
 The Company s investment objective with respect to its defined benefit plan assets is to achieve an optimal rate of return over the long term while managing an appropriate level of risk to meet adequate future benefit obligations. Plan assets are managed by investment fiduciaries that determine the appropriate asset allocation, risk tolerance, fund diversification and investment strategies to achieve the long term investment objectives of the plan assets. 
 Pension increases Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Normal retirement age 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 to 2033 Total 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 The Company has various defined contribution retirement plans around the world covering many of its employees. Under these plans, employees can contribute a portion of their salary to the plan and the Company makes minimum non-elective contributions, discretionary contributions, and matching contributions, depending on the terms of the specific plan. The majority of the plans are primarily located in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom and Germany. For the year ended June 30, 2023, we made contributions of million relating to the defined contribution retirement plans (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 
 NOTE 13 
 per Common Share in the aggregate amount of million, which we paid during the same period (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and per Common Share, respectively, in the aggregate amount of million and million, respectively). 
 177 

Table of Contents 

 Preference Shares have been issued. 
 Treasury Stock 
 From time to time we may provide funds to an independent agent to facilitate repurchases of our Common Shares in connection with the settlement of awards under the Long-Term Incentive Plans (LTIP) or other plans. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we repurchased Common Shares on the open market at a cost of million for potential settlement of awards under Long-Term Incentive Plans and Restricted Share Units or other plans as described below (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and Common Shares, respectively, at a cost of million and million, respectively). 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we delivered to eligible participants Common Shares that were purchased in the open market in connection with the settlement of awards and other plans (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and Common Shares, respectively). 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 On November 4, 2021, the Board authorized a share repurchase plan (Fiscal 2022 Repurchase Plan), pursuant to which we were authorized to purchase in open market transactions, from time to time over the period commencing November 12, 2021, up to an aggregate of million of our Common Shares. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we did repurchase and cancel any Common Shares (year ended June 30, 2022 Common Shares for million). 
 Share-Based Payments 
 Performance Share Units (issued under LTIP) Restricted Share Units (issued under LTIP) Restricted Share Units (other) Deferred Share Units (directors) Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total share-based compensation expense 
 No cash was used by us to settle equity instruments granted under share-based compensation arrangements in any of the periods presented. We have not capitalized any share-based compensation costs as part of the cost of an asset in any of the periods presented. 
 Performance Share Units (issued under LTIP) Restricted Share Units (issued under LTIP) Restricted Share Units (other) Total unrecognized share-based compensation cost 
 178 

Table of Contents 

 Options exercised to date ) Options cancelled to date ) Options outstanding Options available for issuance Termination grace periods Immediately for cause days for any other reason; days due to death 
 Vesting schedule per year, unless otherwise specified 
 Exercise price range - 
 Expiration dates 7/29/2023 - 5/08/2030 
 
 Our stock options generally vest over and expire between seven and from the date of the grant. Currently we also have options outstanding that vest over , as well as options outstanding that vest based on meeting certain market conditions. The exercise price of all our options is set at an amount that is not less than the closing price of our Common Shares on the NASDAQ on the trading day immediately preceding the applicable grant date. 
 We estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model or, where appropriate, the Monte Carlo pricing model, consistent with the provisions of ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107. The option-pricing models require input of subjective assumptions, including the estimated life of the option and the expected volatility of the underlying stock over the estimated life of the option. We use historical volatility as a basis for projecting the expected volatility of the underlying stock and estimate the expected life of our stock options based upon historical data. 
 We believe that the valuation techniques and the approach utilized to develop the underlying assumptions are appropriate in calculating the fair value of our stock option grants. Estimates of fair value are not intended, however, to predict actual future events or the value ultimately realized by employees who receive equity awards. 
 A summary of activity under our stock option plans for the year ended June 30, 2023 is as follows: 
 Options Weighted- Average Exercise Price Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value 000 s) Outstanding at June 30, 2022 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 Exercisable at June 30, 2023 
 
 179 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted-average assumptions used: Expected volatility Risk free interest rate Expected dividend yield Expected life (in years) Forfeiture rate (based on historical rates) Average exercise share price 
 Performance Options 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we granted performance options (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and performance options, respectively). 
 Derived service period (in years) Weighted-average assumptions used: Expected volatility Risk free interest rate Expected dividend yield Average exercise share price 
 Summary of Stock Options and Performance Options 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended June 30, 2023 was million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). For the year ended June 30, 2023, cash in the amount of million was received as the result of the exercise of options granted under share-based payment arrangements (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). The tax benefit realized by us during the year ended June 30, 2023 from the exercise of options eligible for a tax deduction was million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans 
 We incentivize certain eligible employees, in part, with long-term compensation pursuant to our LTIP. The LTIP is a rolling program that grants eligible employees a certain number of target Performance Share Units (PSUs) and/or Restricted Share Units (RSUs). Target PSUs become vested upon the achievement of certain financial and/or operational performance criteria (the Performance Conditions) that are determined at the time of the grant. RSUs become vested when an eligible employee remains employed throughout the vesting period. For the year ended June 30, 2023, we settled LTIP awards that vested by delivering to eligible participants Common Shares that were purchased in the open market at a cost of million. 
 PSUs and RSUs granted under the LTIP have been measured at fair value as of the effective date, consistent with ASC Topic 718, and will be charged to share-based compensation expense over the remaining life of the plan. We estimate the fair value of PSUs using the Monte Carlo pricing model and RSUs have been valued based upon their grant date fair value. Beginning in Fiscal 2023 certain PSU and RSU grants were eligible to receive dividend equivalent units that vest under the same conditions as the underlying grants. 
 180 

Table of Contents 

 Granted (1) 
 Vested (1) 
 ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 
 __________________________ 
 to percent. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted-average assumptions used: Expected volatility Risk free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 Expected life (in years) Forfeiture rate (based on historical rates) Weighted average fair value of performance share units vested Aggregate intrinsic value of performance share units vested in 000 s) 
 Restricted Share Units (Issued Under LTIP) 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 
 Weighted average fair value of restricted share units vested Aggregate intrinsic value of restricted share units vested in 000 s) 
 181 

Table of Contents 

 from the respective date of grants. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 
 Weighted average fair value of restricted share units vested Aggregate intrinsic value of restricted share units vested in 000 s) 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we delivered to eligible participants Common Shares that were purchased in the open market in connection with the settlement of vested RSUs, at a cost of million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and Common Shares, respectively, with a cost of million and ). 
 Deferred Share Units (DSUs) 
 The deferred share units are granted to certain non-employee directors. DSUs are issued under our Deferred Share Unit Plan. DSUs granted as compensation for director fees vest immediately, whereas all other DSUs granted vest at our next annual general meeting following the granting of the DSUs. No DSUs are payable by us until the director ceases to be a member of the Board. 
 Granted (2) 
 Settled ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 (2) 
 
 ______________________ 
 182 

Table of Contents 

 unvested DSUs. 
 (2) Includes unvested DSUs. 
 Weighted average fair value of deferred share units vested Aggregate intrinsic value of deferred share units vested in 000 s) 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we settled DSUs at a cost of million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and Common Shares, respectively, with a cost of and million, respectively). 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) 
 . During the year ended June 30, 2023, Common Shares were eligible for issuance to employees enrolled in the ESPP (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 and Common Shares, respectively). During the year ended June 30, 2023, cash in the amount of million was received from employees relating to the ESPP (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 
 NOTE 14 
 Purchase obligations for contracts not accounted for as lease obligations (2) 
 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Includes interest up to maturity and principal payments. Please see Note 11 Long-Term Debt for more details. 
 (2) For contractual obligations relating to leases and purchase obligations accounted for under ASC Topic 842, please see Note 6 Leases. 
 Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 We have entered into customer agreements which may include provisions to indemnify our customers against third party claims that our software products or services infringe certain third-party intellectual property rights and for liabilities related to a breach of our confidentiality obligations. We have not made any material payments in relation to such indemnification provisions and have not accrued any liabilities related to these indemnification provisions in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Occasionally, we enter into financial guarantees with third parties in the ordinary course of our business, including, among others, guarantees relating to taxes and letters of credit on behalf of parties with whom we conduct business. Such agreements have not had a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Litigation 
 We are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. 
 Quarterly, we review the status of each significant legal matter and evaluate such matters to determine how they should be treated for accounting and disclosure purposes in accordance with the requirements of ASC Topic 450-20 Loss Contingencies (Topic 450-20). Specifically, this evaluation process includes the centralized tracking and itemization of the status of all our disputes and litigation items, discussing the nature of any litigation and claim, including any dispute or claim 
 183 

Table of Contents 

 million. As of June 30, 2023, we have provisionally paid approximately million in order to fully preserve our rights to object to the CRA s audit positions, being the minimum payment required under Canadian legislation while the matter is in dispute. This amount is recorded within Long-term income taxes recoverable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023. 
 The notices of reassessment for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016 would, as drafted, increase our taxable income by approximately million to million for each of those years, as well as impose a penalty on the proposed adjustment to income. Audits by the CRA of our tax returns for fiscal years prior to Fiscal 2012 have been completed with no reassessment of our income tax liability. 
 We strongly disagree with the CRA s positions and believe the reassessments of Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016 (including any penalties) are without merit, and we are continuing to contest these reassessments. On June 30, 2022, we filed a notice of appeal with the Tax Court of Canada seeking to reverse all such reassessments (including penalties) in full and the customary court process is ongoing. 
 Even if we are unsuccessful in challenging the CRA s reassessments to increase our taxable income for Fiscal 2012, Fiscal 2013, Fiscal 2014, Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016, we have elective deductions available for those years (including carry-backs from later years) that would offset such increased amounts so that no additional cash tax would be payable, exclusive of any assessed penalties and interest, as described above. 
 The CRA has audited Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 on a basis that we strongly disagree with and are contesting. The focus of the CRA audit has been the valuation of certain intellectual property and goodwill when one of our subsidiaries continued into Canada from Luxembourg in July 2016. In accordance with applicable rules, these assets were recognized for tax purposes at fair market value as of that time, which value was supported by an expert valuation prepared by an independent leading accounting and advisory firm. CRA s position for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 relies in significant part on the application of its positions regarding our transfer pricing methodology that are the basis for its reassessment of our fiscal years 2012 to 2016 described above, and that we believe are without merit. Other aspects of CRA s position for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 conflict with the expert valuation prepared by the independent leading accounting and advisory firm that was used to support our original filing position. The CRA issued notices of reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 on a basis consistent with its proposal to reduce the available depreciable basis of these assets in Canada. On April 19, 2022, we filed our notice of objection regarding the reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2017 and on March 15, 2023, we filed our notice of objection regarding the reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2018. If we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position, the estimated impact of the proposed adjustment could result in us recording an income tax expense, with no immediate cash payment, to reduce the stated value of our deferred tax assets of up to approximately million. Any such income tax expense could also have a corresponding cash tax impact that would primarily occur over a period of several future years based upon annual income realization in Canada. We strongly disagree with the CRA s position for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 and intend to vigorously defend our original filing position. We are not required to provisionally pay any cash amounts to the CRA as a result of the reassessment in respect of Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018 due to the utilization of available tax attributes; however, to the extent the CRA reassesses subsequent fiscal years on a similar basis, we expect to make certain minimum payments required under Canadian legislation, which may need to be provisionally made starting in Fiscal 2024 while the matter is in dispute. 
 We will continue to vigorously contest the adjustments to our taxable income and any penalty and interest assessments, as well as any reduction to the basis of our depreciable property. We are confident that our original tax filing positions were 
 184 

Table of Contents 

185 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15 
 for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to a provision of for the year ended June 30, 2022. Tax expense decreased from million during the year ended June 30, 2022 to million during the year ended June 30, 2023. The increase in the effective tax rate was driven by increases in withholding taxes, changes in valuation allowance, permanent differences related to foreign source income inclusions, and the impact of internal reorganizations, partially offset by lower pretax income, tax credits and permanent adjustments related to the preferential tax treatment of the mark-to-market gains on derivatives. The tax rate for the year ended June 30, 2022 varied from the statutory rate due favorable permanent adjustments related to excess share-based compensation deductions, tax credits, and the reduction in the accrual on unremitted foreign earnings, partially offset by the impact of internal reorganizations and an increase in unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Expected provision for income taxes Effect of foreign tax rate differences ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Effect of permanent differences ) ) Effect of changes in unrecognized tax benefits ) Effect of withholding taxes Effect of tax credits ) ) ) Effect of accrual for undistributed earnings ) Effect of US BEAT Effect of IRS Settlement Impact of internal reorganizations ) Other items ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 Foreign income (loss) ) Income before income taxes 
 
 186 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign ) Total current income taxes (recoveries) Deferred income taxes (recoveries): Domestic Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred income taxes (recoveries) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 Capital loss carryforwards Interest expense carryforwards Capitalized scientific research and development expenses Depreciation and amortization Restructuring costs and other reserves Capitalized inventory and intangible expenses Tax credits Lease liabilities Deferred revenue Share-based compensation Derivatives Other Total deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation and amortization ) Right of use assets ) ) Other ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset Comprised of: Long-term assets Long-term liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 As of June 30, 2023, we have million of domestic non-capital loss carryforwards. In addition, we have billion of foreign non-capital loss carryforwards, which includes million of U.S. state loss carryforwards. million of the foreign non-capital loss carryforwards have no expiry date, which includes million of U.S. state loss carryforwards. The remainder of the domestic and foreign losses expire between 2024 and 2043. In addition, investment tax credits of million will expire between 2028 and 2043. 
 187 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. The balance at June 30, 2023 consisted of million and million against the Company s domestic and foreign deferred tax assets, respectively, which, the Company believes, are more likely than not to be utilized in future years. The valuation allowance increased in Fiscal 2023 by million primarily related to the Micro Focus Acquisition, which has significant losses that cannot be benefited. 
 
 Increases on account of current year positions Increases on account of prior year positions Decreases on account of prior year positions ) Decreases due to settlements with tax authorities ) Decreases due to lapses of statutes of limitations ) Unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2022 
 Increases on account of current year positions Increases on account of prior year positions (1) 
 Decreases on account of prior year positions ) Decreases due to settlements with tax authorities ) Decreases due to lapses of statutes of limitations ) Unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2023 
 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) The increase in unrecognized tax benefits is primarily driven by the assumption of unrecognized tax benefits related to the Micro Focus Acquisition. 
 Included in the above tabular reconciliation are unrecognized tax benefits of million as of June 30, 2023 (June 30, 2022 million) relating to tax attributes in which the unrecognized tax benefit has been recorded as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. The net unrecognized tax benefit excluding these deferred tax assets is million as of June 30, 2023 (June 30, 2022 million). 
 We recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.) Penalties expense ) Total ) 
 Penalties accrued (1) 
 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) These balances are primarily included within Long-term income taxes payable within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We believe that it is reasonably possible that the gross unrecognized tax benefits, as of June 30, 2023, could decrease tax expense in the next 12 months by million, relating primarily to the expiration of competent authority relief and tax years becoming statute barred for purposes of future tax examinations by local taxing jurisdictions. 
 188 

Table of Contents 

 million (June 30, 2022 million) in respect of deferred income tax liabilities for temporary differences related to the undistributed earnings of certain non-United States subsidiaries and planned periodic repatriations from certain German subsidiaries, that will be subject to withholding taxes upon distribution. We have not provided for additional foreign withholding taxes or deferred income tax liabilities related to undistributed earnings of all other non-Canadian subsidiaries, since such earnings are considered permanently invested in those subsidiaries or are not subject to withholding taxes. It is not practicable to reasonably estimate the amount of additional deferred income tax liabilities or foreign withholding taxes that may be payable should these earnings be distributed in the future. 
 On December 21, 2020, we entered into a closing agreement with the IRS resolving all of the proposed adjustments to our taxable income for Fiscal 2010 and Fiscal 2012. As a result, we recorded charges of million during the year ended June 30, 2021 to Provision for income taxes. We believe the IRS Settlement to be in the best interest of all stakeholders, as it closes all past, present and future items related to this matter. The IRS Settlement provides finality to this longstanding matter. 
 State Aid Matter 
 In April 2019, the European Commission published its final decision on its State Aid investigation into the UK s Financing Company Partial Exemption legislation and concluded that part of the legislation was in breach of EU State Aid rules. The UK government and certain UK-based international companies, supported by Micro Focus, appealed to the General Court of the Court of Justice of the European Union (General Court of the CJEU) against the decision. 
 In February 2021, Micro Focus received and settled GBP denominated State Aid charging notices issued by HM Revenue and Customs, following the requirement for the UK government to start collection proceedings. As a result, Micro Focus recorded a long-term income tax receivable of million. This reflects the payment that was made following the final decision published by the European Commission on its State Aid investigation into the UK s Financing Company Partial Exemption legislation. Based on management s assessment of the value of the underlying tax benefit under dispute, and as supported by external professional advice, Micro Focus believed they had no liability in respect of these matters and therefore no tax charge was recorded. 
 On June 8, 2022, the General Court of the CJEU found in favor of the European Commission s decision that the UK s Financing Company Partial Exemption legislation is in breach of EU State Aid rules. The UK Government and UK-based international companies, supported by Micro Focus, lodged an appeal against the judgement with the CJEU. Micro Focus previously received and settled State Aid charging notices from HM Revenue and Customs (including historic interest) and given that an appeal would be expected to take more than a year, a long-term income tax recoverable continues to be recognized as part of non-current tangible assets as of June 30, 2023, in the preliminary purchase price allocation relating to the Micro Focus Acquisition, as described in Note 19 Acquisitions. 
 189 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 16 
 190 

Table of Contents 

 Available-for-sale financial assets (Note 9) 
 Level 3 Derivative asset (Note 17) 
 Level 2 Liabilities: Derivative liability (Note 17) 
 Level 2 ) ) Senior Notes (Note 11) (1) 
 Level 2 ) ) 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) Senior Notes are presented within the Consolidated Balance Sheets at amortized cost. See Note 11 Long-Term Debt for further details. 
 Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
 Gain (loss) recognized in income Purchases Settlements ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 
 Our derivative liabilities and our derivative assets are classified as Level 2 and are comprised of foreign currency forward and swap contracts. Our valuation techniques used to measure the fair values of the derivative instruments, the counterparty to which has high credit ratings, were derived from pricing models including discounted cash flow techniques, with all significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data, as no quoted market prices exist for these instruments. Our discounted cash flow techniques use observable market inputs, such as, where applicable, foreign currency spot and forward rates. 
 As part of the Micro Focus Acquisition, we acquired the rights to certain available-for-sale financial assets which are classified as Level 2 and Level 3. Our Level 2 available-for-sale financial assets are comprised primarily of various debt and equity funds, which are valued utilizing market quotes provided by our third-party custodian. Our Level 3 available-for-sale financial assets are comprised of insurance contracts which are valued by an external insurance expert by applying a discount rate to the future cash flows and taking into account the fixed interest rate, mortality rates and term of the insurance contracts. Please see Note 9 Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets for further details. 
 If applicable, we will recognize transfers between levels within the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period in which the actual event or change in circumstance occurs. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, we did not have any transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 191 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 17 
 deal-contingent forward contracts, (ii) a non-contingent forward contract, and (iii) EUR/USD cross currency swaps. 
 The deal-contingent forward contracts had an aggregate notional amount of billion. The non-contingent forward contract had a notional amount of million. The cross currency swaps are comprised of EUR/USD cross currency swaps with a notional amount of million and EUR/USD cross currency swaps with a notional amount of million. 
 These instruments were entered into as economic hedges to mitigate foreign currency risks associated with the Micro Focus Acquisition. The instruments did not initially qualify for hedge accounting at the time they were entered into. In connection with the closing of the Micro Focus Acquisition, the deal-contingent forward and non-contingent forward contracts were settled and we designated the EUR/USD cross currency swaps as net investment hedges (see further details below). The EUR/USD cross currency swaps are non-designated and are measured at fair value with changes to fair value being recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income within Other income (expense), net. 
 Net Investment Hedge 
 During the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, the Company designated the million of EUR/USD cross currency swaps as net investment hedges in accordance with Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815). The Company utilizes the designated cross currency swaps to protect our EUR-denominated operations against exchange rate fluctuations. 
 The Company assesses the hedge effectiveness of its net investment hedges on a quarterly basis utilizing a method based on the changes in spot price. As such, for derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges, changes in fair value of the designated hedging instruments attributable to fluctuations in the foreign currency spot exchange rates are initially recorded as a component of currency translation adjustments included within Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income until the hedged foreign operations are either sold or substantially liquidated. 
 In accordance with Topic 815 certain components of the designated cross currency swaps relating to counterparty credit risk and forward exchange rates were excluded from the above effectiveness assessment. The fair value of these excluded components will be amortized over the life of the hedging instruments within Interest and other related expense, net within the Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally, we will record the cash flows related to the periodic interest settlements on the 7-year EUR/USD cross currency swaps within the investing activities section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Any gains or losses recognized upon settlement of the cross currency swaps will be recorded within the investing activities section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 We are engaged in hedging programs with various banks to limit the potential foreign exchange fluctuations incurred on future cash flows relating to a portion of our Canadian dollar payroll expenses. We operate internationally and are therefore exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in the normal course of our business, in particular to changes in the Canadian dollar on account of large costs that are incurred from our centralized Canadian operations, which are denominated in Canadian dollars. As part of our risk management strategy, we use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge portions of our payroll exposure with typical maturities of between one and . We do not use foreign currency forward contracts for speculative purposes. 
 We have designated these transactions as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions under Topic 815. As the critical terms of the hedging instrument and of the entire hedged forecasted transaction are the same, in accordance with Topic 815, we have been able to conclude that changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged are expected to completely offset at inception and on an ongoing basis. Accordingly, quarterly unrealized gains or losses on the effective portion of these forward contracts have been included within Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) - net. The fair value of the contracts, as of June 30, 2023, is recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets and represents the net gain before tax effect that is expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings with the next twelve months. 
 192 

Table of Contents 

 million (June 30, 2022 million). 
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments and Effect of Derivative Instruments on Financial Performance 
 ) Net investment hedge Prepaid expenses and other current assets (Accounts payable and accrued liabilities) ) Total derivatives designated as hedges: ) ) Derivatives not designated as hedges: Cross currency swap contracts Prepaid expenses and other current assets (Accounts payable and accrued liabilities) ) Total derivatives not designated as hedges: ) Total derivatives ) ) 
 193 

Table of Contents ) Net investment hedge Interest and other related expense, net Derivatives not designated as hedges: Deal-contingent forward contract Other income (expense), net Non-contingent forward contract Other income (expense), net Cross currency swap contracts Other income (expense), net ) Cross currency swap contracts Interest and other related expense, net Total )) ) Gain (loss) recognized in OCI (loss) on net investment hedge (effective portion) Net foreign currency translation adjustment ) Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income (effective portion) - cash flow hedge Operating expenses ) ) Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income (excluded from effectiveness testing) - net investment hedge Interest and other related expense, net 
 
 NOTE 18 
 Fiscal 2022 Restructuring Plan Other historical restructuring plans ) ) ) Acquisition-related costs Other charges (recoveries) Total 
 194 

Table of Contents 

 million related to abandoned office spaces that have been early terminated or assigned to a third party, of which million was related to the write-off of right of use assets, and million in charges associated with the write-off of fixed assets as part of the Micro Focus Acquisition Restructuring Plan. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we expect total costs to be incurred in connection with the Micro Focus Acquisition Restructuring Plan to be approximately million to million, of which million has been recorded within Special charges (recoveries) to date. 
 Accruals and adjustments Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign exchange and other non-cash adjustments ) Balance payable as of June 30, 2023 
 
 Fiscal 2022 Restructuring Plan 
 During the third quarter of Fiscal 2022, as part of our return to office planning, we made a strategic decision to implement restructuring activities to streamline our operations and further reduce our real estate footprint around the world (Fiscal 2022 Restructuring Plan). The Fiscal 2022 Restructuring Plan charges relate to facility costs and workforce reductions. Facility costs include the accelerated amortization associated with the abandonment of right of use assets, the write-off of fixed assets and other related variable lease and exit costs. These charges require management to make certain judgments and estimates regarding the amount and timing of restructuring charges or recoveries. Our estimated liability could change subsequent to its recognition, requiring adjustments to the expense and the liability recorded. On a quarterly basis, we conduct an evaluation of the related liabilities and expenses and revise our assumptions and estimates as appropriate. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we recognized costs (recoveries) of million related to abandoned office space that have been early terminated or assigned to a third party, of which million was related to the write-off of right of use assets. 
 Since the inception of the Fiscal 2022 Restructuring Plan, million has been recorded within Special charges (recoveries) to date. We do not expect to incur any further significant charges relating to the Fiscal 2022 Restructuring Plan. 
 Accruals and adjustments Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign exchange and other non-cash adjustments ) ) ) Balance payable as of June 30, 2022 
 Accruals and adjustments Cash payments ) ) ) Foreign exchange and other non-cash adjustments ) ) ) Balance payable as of June 30, 2023 
 
 195 

Table of Contents 

 million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and million, respectively). 
 Other charges (recoveries) 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, Other charges (recoveries) includes million of severance charges and million of other miscellaneous charges, both associated with the Micro Focus Acquisition, and million related to pre-acquisition equity incentives of Zix, which upon acquisition were replaced by equivalent value cash settlements and ) million related to other Zix miscellaneous charges (recoveries) (see Note 19 Acquisitions ). 
 For the year ended June 30, 2022, Other charges includes million related to pre-acquisition equity incentives of Zix, which upon acquisition were replaced by equivalent value cash settlements (see Note 19 Acquisitions and million related to other miscellaneous charges. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2021, Other charges includes million relating to other miscellaneous charges. 
 
 NOTE 19 
 billion, inclusive of Micro Focus cash and repayment of Micro Focus outstanding indebtedness, subject to final adjustments. 
 In connection with the financing of the Micro Focus Acquisition, concurrent with the announcement of the acquisition on August 25, 2022, the Company entered into the Acquisition Term Loan and Bridge Loan as well as certain derivative transactions. On December 1, 2022, the Company issued and sold billion in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2027, amended the Acquisition Term Loan and terminated the Bridge Loan. On January 31, 2023, we drew down the entire aggregate principal amount of billion of the Acquisition Term Loan, net of original issuance discount and other fees, and drew down million under the Revolver. We used these proceeds and cash on hand to fund the purchase price consideration and repayment of Micro Focus outstanding indebtedness. In conjunction with the closing of the Micro Focus Acquisition, the deal-contingent forward contracts and non-contingent forward contract, as described in Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, were settled. 
 The results of operations of Micro Focus have been consolidated with those of OpenText beginning February 1, 2023. 
 Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses (1) 
 Other current assets Non-current tangible assets Goodwill (2) 
 Intangible customer assets Intangible technology assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Deferred revenues ) Other liabilities ) Net Assets Acquired 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) The gross amount receivable was million of which million of this receivable was expected to be uncollectible. 
 (2) The goodwill of billion is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to arise after the acquisition. There is million of goodwill that is deductible for tax purposes. 
 196 

Table of Contents 

 million. 
 A settlement related to Micro Focus securities litigation that was agreed to prior to the Micro Focus Acquisition has been accrued as part of the liabilities assumed. This settlement, which the court has informed the parties will be approved, will be fully paid from insurance coverage, and therefore a receivable has been recognized as part of the assets acquired. During the third quarter of Fiscal 2023, payment was made into escrow by insurers, and therefore both the associated receivable and liability are no longer included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023. 
 The finalization of the above purchase price allocation is pending the finalization of the valuation of fair value for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including intangible assets and taxation-related balances as well as for potential unrecorded liabilities. We expect to finalize this determination on or before our quarter ending March 31, 2024. 
 Net Loss (1) 
 ) 
 ______________________ 
 (1) Net loss for the year ended includes one-time fees of approximately million on account of special charges and million of amortization charges relating to intangible assets. 
 Net income (loss) (1) 
 ) Net income (loss) attributable to OpenText (1) 
 ) 
 ______________________ 
 million goodwill impairment recorded by Micro Focus in its pre-acquisition historical results as a result of the Company s offer to acquire Micro Focus at a price of pence per share. 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information in the table above is presented for information purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the Micro Focus Acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the periods presented or the results that may be realized in the future. 
 197 

Table of Contents 

 million paid in cash, inclusive of cash acquired and million relating to the cash settlement of pre-acquisition vested share-based compensation that was previously accrued but since paid as of June 30, 2022. In accordance with Topic 805, this acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. We believe the acquisition increases our position in the data protection, threat management, email security and compliance solutions spaces. 
 The results of operations of Zix have been consolidated with those of OpenText beginning December 23, 2021. 
 Purchase Price Allocation 
 million) 
 Non-current tangible assets Intangible customer assets Intangible technology assets Liabilities assumed ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Net assets acquired 
 The goodwill of million is primarily attributable to the synergies expected to arise after the acquisition. There is million of goodwill that is deductible for tax purposes. 
 The fair value of current assets acquired includes accounts receivable with a fair value of million. The gross amount receivable was million, of which million is expected to be uncollectible. 
 Acquisition-related costs for Zix included in Special charges (recoveries) in the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended June 30, 2023 were million. 
 Pre-acquisition equity incentives of million were replaced upon acquisition by equivalent value cash settlements to be settled in accordance with the original vesting dates, primarily over the next . Of these equity incentives, million for the year ended June 30, 2023 were included in Special charges (recoveries). 
 The finalization of the purchase price allocation during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 did not result in any significant changes to the preliminary amounts previously disclosed. 
 Acquisition of Bricata Inc. 
 On November 24, 2021, we acquired all of the equity interest in Bricata Inc. (Bricata) for million. In accordance with Topic 805, this acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. We believe the acquisition strengthens our OpenText Security and Protection Cloud with Network Detection and Response technologies. 
 The results of operations of Bricata have been consolidated with those of OpenText beginning November 24, 2021. 

198 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 20 
 Germany United Kingdom Canada Rest of EMEA (2) 
 All other countries Total revenues 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Total revenues by geographic area are determined based on the location of our direct customer. 
 
 United Kingdom Canada Germany Rest of EMEA (1) 
 All other countries Total _______________________________ 
 (1) EMEA consists of countries in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 
 199 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 21 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax Amounts reclassified into net income, net of tax ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) net Balance as of June 30, 2021 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) ) Amounts reclassified into net income, net of tax Total other comprehensive income (loss) net ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified into net income, net of tax Total other comprehensive income (loss) net ) ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 NOTE 22 
 Cash received during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes (1) 
 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Included for the year ended June 30, 2021 is cash paid of million relating to settlements with the IRS. Please see Note 15 Income Taxes for additional details. 
 
 NOTE 23 
 ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives 
 not designated as hedges (2) 
 ) Realized gains (losses) on derivatives 
 not designated as hedges (3) 
 OpenText share in net income (loss) of equity investees (4) 
 ) Loss on debt extinguishment (5) (6) 
 ) ) Other miscellaneous income (expense) 
 ) Total other income, net 
 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) The year ended June 30, 2023 includes a foreign exchange gain of million resulting from the delayed payment of a portion of the purchase consideration, settled on February 9, 2023, related to the Micro Focus Acquisition (see Note 19 Acquisitions for more details). 
 (2) Represents the unrealized gains (losses) on our derivatives not designated as hedges related to the Micro Focus Acquisition (see Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities for more details). 
 (3) Represents the realized gains (losses) on our derivatives not designated as hedges related to the Micro Focus Acquisition (see Note 17 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities for more details). 
 (4) Represents our share in net income of equity investees, which approximates fair value and subject to volatility based on market trends and business conditions, based on our interest in certain investment funds in which we are a limited partner. Our interests in 
 200 

Table of Contents 

 to below and these investments are accounted for using the equity method (see Note 9 Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets for more details). 
 (5) On December 1, 2022, we amended the Acquisition Term Loan and Bridge Loan to reallocate commitments under the Bridge Loan to the Acquisition Term Loan and terminated all remaining commitments under the Bridge Loan which resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment related to unamortized debt issuance costs (see Note 11 Long-Term Debt for more details). 
 (6) On December 9, 2021, we redeemed Senior Notes 2026 in full, which resulted in a loss on debt extinguishment of million. Of this, million related to the early termination call premium, million related to unamortized debt issuance costs and million related to unamortized premium (see Note 11 Long-Term Debt for more details). 
 
 NOTE 24 
 Basic earnings per share attributable to OpenText Diluted earnings per share Net income attributable to OpenText Diluted earnings per share attributable to OpenText Weighted-average number of shares outstanding 
 (in 000 s) 
 Basic Effect of dilutive securities Diluted Excluded as anti-dilutive (1) 
 
 ____________________________________ 
 (1) Represents options to purchase Common Shares excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the exercise price of the stock options was greater than or equal to the average price of the Common Shares during the period. 
 
 NOTE 25 
 million (year ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 million and thousand, respectively) in consulting fees from OpenText for assistance with acquisition-related business activities. Mr. Sadler abstained from voting on all transactions from which he would potentially derive consulting fees. 
 201 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 26 
 per Common Share. The record date for this dividend is September 1, 2023 and the payment date is September 22, 2023. Future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination and discretion of our Board. 
 Revolver Repayment 
 Following the end of the quarter, on July 5, 2023 we subsequently repaid million of the million outstanding balance on the Revolver using cash on hand. As of July 31, 2023, we had a balance of million outstanding on our Revolver. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 202 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 OPEN TEXT CORPORATION 
 Date: August 3, 2023 
 By: /s/ MARK J. BARRENECHEA Mark J. Barrenechea Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ MADHU RANGANATHAN Madhu Ranganathan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ COSMIN BALOTA Cosmin Balota Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 203 

Table of Contents 

DIRECTORS 
 Signature Title Date /s/ MARK J. BARRENECHEA Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer (Principal Executive Officer) August 3, 2023 Mark J. Barrenechea 
 /S/ P. THOMAS JENKINS Chairman of the Board August 3, 2023 P. Thomas Jenkins /S/ RANDY FOWLIE Director August 3, 2023 Randy Fowlie /S/ DAVID FRASER Director August 3, 2023 David Fraser /S/ GAIL E. HAMILTON Director August 3, 2023 Gail E. Hamilton /S/ ROBERT HAU Director August 3, 2023 Robert Hau /S/ ANN M. POWELL Director August 3, 2023 Ann M. Powell /S/ STEPHEN J. SADLER Director August 3, 2023 Stephen J. Sadler /S/ MICHAEL SLAUNWHITE Director August 3, 2023 Michael Slaunwhite /S/ KATHARINE B. STEVENSON Director August 3, 2023 Katharine B. Stevenson /S/ DEBORAH WEINSTEIN Director August 3, 2023 Deborah Weinstein 
 204 

<EX-10.31>
 2
 otex-2018termloanamendme.htm
 EX-10.31

otex-2018termloanamendme 

Execution Version LEGAL_1:80172527.8 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT This AMENDMENT NO. 1 (this Amendment ), dated as of June 6, 2023, is made by and among Open Text Corporation (the Borrower or Open Text ), the Guarantors party hereto (the Guarantors and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2014 (as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 16, 2016, and as amended by Repricing Amendment and Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2017, and as amended and restated as of May 30, 2018, and as further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders from time to time party thereto. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Existing Credit Agreement. PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS: (1) The Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto from time to time and the Administrative Agent are party to the Existing Credit Agreement. (2) Section 3.04(3) of the Existing Credit Agreement provides for the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to replace certain provisions thereof with respect to the Eurodollar Rate by establishing an Alternate Rate of Interest and entering into an amendment to the Existing Credit Agreement to reflect such Alternate Rate of Interest and such other related changes to the Existing Credit Agreement as may be applicable, such amendment to become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to the Existing Credit Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date notice of such Alternate Rate of Interest and a copy of such proposed amendment is provided to the Lenders (such notice and copy of amendment, the Amendment Notice ), a written notice from the Majority Lenders stating that such Majority Lenders object to such amendment (any such notice from the Majority Lenders, an Objection Notice ). (3) The Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Guarantors party hereto desire to memorialize the terms of this Amendment, with such amendment to become effective on the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below). NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: SECTION 1. Amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement. (a) Effective as of the Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the text which is underlined in the attached Exhibit A (indicated as follows by way of example: underlined text or underlined text) and to delete the text which is struck out in the attached Exhibit A (indicated as follows by way of example: stricken text); provided that this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement. (b) The amendments to Eurodollar Rate Related Definitions (as defined below) and provisions with respect thereto set forth in Exhibit A hereto shall not apply with respect to any LIBOR Advance requested, made or outstanding that bears interest with reference to the Eurodollar Rate that (A) is or was set prior to the Amendment Effective Date and (B) is held constant for a specifically designated period and is not reset on a daily or substantially daily basis (disregarding day count, weekend or holiday 2 LEGAL_1:80172527.8 conventions), and in each case, the Eurodollar Rate Related Definitions and provisions with respect thereto (as in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the provisions of this Amendment) shall continue in effect solely for such purpose; provided that, with respect to any such LIBOR Advance described in this clause (b), such LIBOR Loan shall only continue in effect in accordance with its terms until the then-current Interest Period for such LIBOR Advance has concluded. As used in this clause (b), Eurodollar Rate Related Definitions means any term defined in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document (or any partial definition thereof) as in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the provisions of this Amendment on the Amendment Effective Date, however phrased, primarily relating to the determination, administration or calculation of the Eurodollar Rate, including by way of example any instances of Eurodollar Rate, LIBO Rate and LIBOR Advances. SECTION 2. Notice. To the extent that the Administrative Agent is required (pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement or otherwise) to provide notice to the Borrower, any Guarantor, any Lender or any other party to the Existing Credit Agreement of (i) a benchmark transition event (or other analogous or similar event) or an early opt-in election (or other analogous or similar election) with respect to the Eurodollar Rate, (ii) a benchmark replacement date (or other analogous or similar date), (iii) the implementation of Daily Simple SOFR and/or Term SOFR (as each term is defined in Exhibit A hereto) as a benchmark replacement (or other analogous or similar term) or (iv) any benchmark replacement conforming changes (or other similar conforming changes) in connection with the adoption and implementation of Daily Simple SOFR and/or Term SOFR or the use and administration thereof, this Amendment shall constitute such notice (and shall constitute the Amendment Notice). SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the date hereof that: (a) The execution and delivery of this Amendment by each Loan Party and the performance by each Loan Party of its respective obligations hereunder and compliance with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof, will not (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (A) its constating documents or by-laws, (B) any Law, (C) any material contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or its properties, or (D) any judgment, injunction, determination or award which is binding on it; or (ii) result in, require or permit (A) the imposition of any Encumbrance in, on or with respect to the Assets now owned or hereafter acquired by it (other than pursuant to the Security Documents or which is a Permitted Encumbrance), (B) the acceleration of the maturity of any material Debt binding on or affecting it, or (C) any third party to terminate or acquire any rights materially adverse to the applicable Loan Party under any Material Agreement except where in each case such conflict, result, requirement or permission would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Each Loan Party has all requisite corporate or other power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Amendment. The execution and delivery of this Amendment by each Loan Party and the performance by each such Loan Party of its respective obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or analogous action. (c) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject only to any limitation under Laws relating to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, 3 LEGAL_1:80172527.8 reorganization, moratorium or creditors rights generally; and (ii) general equitable principles including the discretion that a court may exercise in the granting of equitable remedies. (d) The representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date. (e) No event has occurred and is continuing that would constitute a Default or an Event of Default. SECTION 4. Conditions of Effectiveness of this Amendment. This Amendment shall become effective on and as of the first date (the Amendment Effective Date when the Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower, the Guarantors and the Administrative Agent an executed counterpart hereof or other written confirmation (in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) that such party has signed a counterpart hereof, so long as no Objection Notice has been received by the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date that is five (5) Business Days after the date of the Amendment Notice. SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect Upon the Existing Credit Agreement and the Other Credit Documents. (a) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Credit Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Credit Documents. On and as of the Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall for all purposes constitute a Credit Document. (b) On and as of the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. (c) The Existing Credit Agreement and each of the other Credit Documents, as specifically amended by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The obligations of the Loan Parties and each Guarantor contained in the Guarantees shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby confirmed and continued by this Amendment and are enforceable against the Loan Parties and each of the Guarantors. All rights, benefits, interests, duties, liabilities and obligations of the parties to the Security Documents, as amended below, are hereby confirmed and continued by this Amendment and continue to secure, apply and extend to all debts, liabilities and obligations, present or future, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time or from time to time due or accruing due and owing by or otherwise payable by the Loan Parties and each Guarantor to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined in the Security Documents), or any one or more of them, in any currency, under, in connection with or pursuant to the Guarantees and any other Credit Document to which the Loan Parties and each Guarantor is a party. Without limitation of the foregoing, all security interests, pledges, assignments and other Encumbrances previously granted by any Guarantor, as a Grantor, pursuant to the Security Documents are confirmed and continued by this Amendment, and all such security interests, pledges, assignments and other Encumbrances shall remain in full force and effect as security for all obligations 4 LEGAL_1:80172527.8 thereunder with no change in the priority applicable thereto, in each case, subject only to Encumbrances permitted under the Credit Documents, to the extent provided therein. SECTION 6. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable in that Province. SECTION 7. Execution in Counterparts. This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or electronic transmission (e.g., pdf or tif shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. SECTION 8. Amendments; Headings; Severability. This Amendment may not be amended nor may any provision hereof be waived except pursuant to a writing signed by the Guarantors, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto. The Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting this Amendment. Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof, and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. [Signature Pages Follow] 

[Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. OPEN TEXT CORPORATION, as Borrower By: Name: Madhu Ranganathan Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer [Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] GXS, INC. GXS INTERNATIONAL, INC. OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD. OPEN TEXT HOLDINGS, INC. OPEN TEXT INC. OPEN TEXT SA ULC OPEN TEXT ULC VIGNETTE PARTNERSHIP, L.P., by its general partner, OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD. OPEN TEXT CANADA INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENTS ULC OPEN TEXT US ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC OPEN TEXT US INVESTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC MICRO FOCUS LLC, each as a Guarantor By: Name: Madhu Ranganathan Title: President and Treasurer [Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] OPEN TEXT (BARBADOS) INVESTMENTS SRL, as Guarantor By: Name: Title: Daniel J. VanDerWerff Authorized Signatory [Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS GLOBAL HOLDINGS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK HOLDING LIMITED MICRO FOCUS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED MICRO FOCUS IP DEVELOPMENT LIMITED, each as a Guarantor By: Name: Christian Waida Title: Director 

[Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] OPEN TEXT CAYMAN INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENTS LIMITED OPEN TEXT CAYMAN INVESTMENTS LIMITED, each as a Guarantor By: Name: Daniel J. VanDerWerff Title: Director Restricted - External BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Administrative Agent By: Name: George Lee Title: Managing Director [Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] #89331829v3 LEGAL_1:80172527.8 EXHIBIT A AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT See attached. Execution Version LEGAL_1:80104424.8494797580.104424.8 U.S. 1,000,000,000 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT OPEN TEXT CORPORATION, as Borrower -and- THE OTHER GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO -and- THE LENDERS NAMED HEREIN as Lenders -and- BARCLAYS BANK PLC as sole Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent -and- BARCLAYS BANK PLC as Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner -and- THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., MUFG BANK, LTD., CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP., BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., PNC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC and HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC. each as Joint Bookrunner Dated as of January 16, 2014, as Amended as of June 16, 2016, and as of February 22, 2017, and as Amended and Restated as of May 30, 2018, and as Amended as of June 6, 2023 

i LEGAL_1:80104424.8 ARTICLE 1 INTERPRETATION Section 1.01 Defined Terms 1 Section 1.02 Gender and Number 144 Section 1.03 Interpretation not Affected by Headings, etc. 144 Section 1.04 Currency 144 Section 1.05 Certain Phrases, etc. 145 Section 1.06 Accounting Terms 145 Section 1.07 Non-Business Days 145 Section 1.08 Ratable Portion of Accommodations 145 Section 1.09 Incorporation of Schedules 145 Section 1.10 Control of Equity Securities 145 Section 1.11 Effectiveness of Amendment and Restatement 145 Section 1.12 Quebec Interpretation Clause 146 Section 1.13 Rates 47 ARTICLE 2 CREDIT FACILITY Section 2.01 Availability 147 Section 2.02 Commitments and Facility Limits 149 Section 2.03 Use of Proceeds 149 Section 2.04 Mandatory Repayments and Reductions of Commitments 149 Section 2.05 Mandatory Prepayments/Offers to Prepay 51 Section 2.06 Optional Prepayments and Reductions of Commitments 152 Section 2.07 Fees 153 Section 2.08 Payments under this Agreement 153 Section 2.09 Application of Payments and Prepayments 153 Section 2.10 Computations of Interest and Fees 154 Section 2.11 Security 155 Section 2.12 Defaulting Lenders 156 Section 2.13 Amend and Extend Transactions 157 Section 2.14 Benchmark Replacement Setting 59 Section 2.15 Inability to Determine Rates; Illegality. 60 ARTICLE 3 TERM LOAN CREDIT FACILITY ADVANCES Section 3.01 The Advances; Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange. 61 Section 3.02 Procedure for Borrowing. 162 Section 3.03 Conversions and Elections Regarding Advances 162 Section 3.04 Circumstances Requiring Floating Rate Pricing 1[Reserved] 63 Section 3.05 Interest on Advances 163 ARTICLE 4 CONDITIONS OF LENDING Section 4.01 Conditions Precedent to the Initial Accommodation 164 Section 4.02 No Waiver 166 ii LEGAL_1:80104424.8 ARTICLE 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 5.01 Representations and Warranties 166 Section 5.02 Survival of Representations and Warranties 174 ARTICLE 6 COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES Section 6.01 Affirmative Covenants 174 Section 6.02 Negative Covenants 184 Section 6.03 Financial Covenant 189 ARTICLE 7 EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 7.01 Events of Default 190 Section 7.02 Remedies Upon Demand and Default 192 ARTICLE 8 YIELD PROTECTION Section 8.01 Increased Costs; Reserves on LIBORTerm SOFR Advances 193 Section 8.02 Taxes 195 Section 8.03 Mitigation Obligations: Replacement of Lenders 197 Section 8.04 Illegality; Inability to Determine Rates 1 ARTICLE 9 RIGHT OF SETOFF Section 9.01 Right of Setoff. 198 ARTICLE 10 SHARING OF PAYMENTS BY LENDERS Section 10.01 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 199 ARTICLE 11 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S CLAWBACK Section 11.01 Administrative Agent s Claw back 100 ARTICLE 12 AGENCY Section 12.01 Appointment and Authority 101 Section 12.02 Rights as a Lender 102 Section 12.03 Exculpatory Provisions 102 Section 12.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 103 Section 12.05 Indemnification of Agents 104 Section 12.06 Delegation of Duties 104 Section 12.07 Replacement of Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent 105 Section 12.08 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 106 Section 12.09 Collective Action of the Lenders 106 Section 12.10 No Other Duties, etc. 106 Section 12.11 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 107 iii LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 12.12 Certain ERISA Matters 107 ARTICLE 13 NOTICES: EFFECTIVENESS; ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION Section 13.01 Notices, etc. 109 ARTICLE 14 EXPENSES; INDEMNITY: DAMAGE WAIVER Section 14.01 Expenses; Indemnity: Damage Waiver 111 ARTICLE 15 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS Section 15.01 Successors and Assigns 113 ARTICLE 16 AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS Section 16.01 Amendments and Waivers 118 Section 16.02 Judgment Currency. 120 Section 16.03 Releases. 121 ARTICLE 17 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; ETC. Section 17.01 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 121 ARTICLE 18 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL Section 18.01 Waiver of Jury Trial 122 ARTICLE 19 MISCELLANEOUS Section 19.01 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 122 Section 19.02 Severability 122 Section 19.03 Payments Set Aside. 123 Section 19.04 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative; Enforcement. 123 Section 19.05 Affiliate Activities. 124 Section 19.06 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. 124 Section 19.07 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. 125 ARTICLE 20 TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INFORMATION: CONFIDENTIALITY Section 20.01 Treatment of Certain Information: Confidentiality 126 ARTICLE 21 GUARANTEE Section 21.01 Guarantee. 127 Section 21.02 Indemnity. 128 Section 21.03 Payment and Performance. 129 Section 21.04 Continuing Obligation. 129 Section 21.05 Guarantee Unaffected. 129 iv LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 21.06 Waivers. 130 Section 21.07 Guaranteed Parties Right to Act. 131 Section 21.08 Assignment and Postponement. 131 Section 21.09 Action or Inaction. 132 Section 21.10 Guaranteed Parties Rights. 132 Section 21.11 Demand. 132 Section 21.12 No Representations. 132 Section 21.13 Keepwell. 132 Section 21.14 Intercreditor Agreement. 133 ARTICLE 22 AFFIRMATION OF GUARANTEES AND SECURITY DOCUMENTS Section 22.01 Affirmation 133 ARTICLE 23 TERMINATION AND RELEASE OF FOREIGN GUARANTEES AND SECURITY Section 23.01 Termination and Release. 134 Section 23.02 Authorization by Lenders. 134 Section 23.03 Authorization to File Releases of Registrations. 134 

LEGAL_1:80104424.8494797580.104424.8 - Forms Schedules/Other Schedules Location of Business SCHEDULES Schedules Relating to Accommodations Schedule D Schedule 6 - Schedule 3 Trademarks/Patents, etc. - Form of Borrowing Notice Schedule E Assignment and Assumption Agreement - - Owned Real Property Schedule F(i) Schedule 7 - Notice Periods and Amounts Subsidiaries - Schedule F(ii) Form of Open Text Solvency Certificate Subsidiaries (Reorganization Completion Date) Schedule G Schedule 8 - Schedule 4 Material Permits - Schedule 2 Schedule H Auction Procedures - - Material Agreements Schedule 1 Schedule I Disclosure Schedules - Environmental Matters Applicable Margins Schedule A Schedule J - - - Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries Jurisdiction of Incorporation; Equity Securities; Locations; Etc. Schedule K - Existing Debt/Liens/Restrictions Schedule 5 Schedule B Schedule L Form of Interest Rate Election Notice - - Intercompany Securities/Instruments - Litigation - Form of Compliance Certificate Schedule C 2 LEGAL_1:80104424.8 LEGAL_1:80104424.8 AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT AMENDED AND CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 16, 2014, as Amended as of June 16, 2016 and February 22, 2017, as Amended and Restated as of May 30, 2018, as Amended as of June 6, 2023 (this Agreement ), between OPEN TEXT CORPORATION, a corporation amalgamated under the laws of Canada, as borrower (the Borrower or Open Text ), the GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO, each of the lenders listed on the signature pages hereof or which pursuant to Section 15.01 becomes a Lender hereunder, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as sole Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. A. The Borrower, the Guarantors, the financial institutions named therein or who became lenders thereunder, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are parties to the Existing Credit Agreement. B. The Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other parties hereto desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth in this Agreement. C. Unless otherwise defined in these Recitals or this Agreement, capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in Article 1 and, for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, the rules of construction set forth in Article 1 shall govern. These Recitals shall be construed as part of this Agreement. FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE 1 INTERPRETATION Section 1.01 Defined Terms As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 2018 Release Documents means all documents necessary or advisable to give effect to the Guarantee and Security Document releases, terminations and discharges contemplated by Article 22. ABR Rate means, on any day, the greater of (i) the Prime Rate, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 per annum and (iii) one month Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00 per annum. The corporate base rate is not necessarily the lowest rate charged by the Lender acting as the Administrative Agent to its customers. ABR Advance has the meaning specified in the definition of Advance herein. ABR Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate (which, if negative, shall be deemed to be 0 on such day plus of 1 , (b) the Prime Rate on such day and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR on such day (or if - 2 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 such day is not a Business Day the next previous Business Day) for an Interest Period of one month plus 1.00 . If the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds Rate for any reason, the ABR Rate shall be determined without regard to clause (a) above until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. ABR Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR . Accommodation means an Advance made by a Lender on the occasion of any Borrowing. Accommodation Notice means a Borrowing Notice or an Interest Rate Election Notice, as the case may be. Accommodations Outstanding means, at any time, in relation to (a) the Borrower and all Term Loan Lenders, the principal amount of all Accommodations outstanding at such time made to the Borrower, and (b) the Borrower and each Term Loan Lender, the principal amount of all Accommodations outstanding at such time made by such Term Loan Lender under its Term Loan Commitment. Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated after the Closing Date, by which any Loan Party directly or indirectly, by means of a take-over bid, tender offer, amalgamation, merger, purchase of Assets, or similar transaction having the same effect as any of the foregoing, (a) acquires any business or all or substantially all of the assets of any Person engaged in any business, (b) acquires control of securities of a Person engaged in a business representing more than 50 of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body if the business affairs of such Person are managed by a board of directors or other governing body, or (c) acquires control of more than 50 of the ownership interest in any Person engaged in any business that is not managed by a board of directors or other governing body; provided, that in no event shall any transaction or series of related transactions (i) for which the aggregate purchase price is less than U.S. 250,000,000 or (ii) that constitutes a Permitted Disposition to Open Text or any of its Subsidiaries, constitute an Acquisition hereunder. Additional Compensation has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(4). Additional Guarantor has the meaning specified in Section 21.04(1). Additional Loan Party/Subsidiary Event has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(11). Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs means restructuring and integration costs of Open Text and its Subsidiaries incurred in respect of, and arising within twelve months of, any Permitted Acquisition in an amount not to exceed 20 of the aggregate purchase price for such Permitted Acquisition; provided that the aggregate amount for all such costs shall not exceed U.S. 100,000,000 in any Financial Year. 

- 3 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment; provided that, if Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment; provided that, if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Administrative Agent means Barclays Bank PLC as Administrative Agent for the Lenders under this Agreement, and any successor appointed pursuant to Section 12.07. Administrative Questionnaire means an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Advances means the advances made by the Lenders pursuant to Article 3 (including deemed advances pursuant to the last sentence of Section 3.1(3)) and Advance means any one of such Advances. An Advance may (in accordance with and subject to Articles 2 and 3) be designated as a LIBORSOFR Advance or an ABR Advance . Each of a LIBORSOFR Advance and an ABR Advance is a Type of Advance. Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Affiliate Assignment Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in Schedule 8. Agent-Related Persons means each Agent, together with its Related Parties. Agents means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arranger. Agreement means this amended and restated credit agreement, as further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, renewed or replaced from time to time. Alternate Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in Section 3.04(3). Annual Business Plan means, for any Financial Year, reasonably detailed pro-forma balance sheet, statement of operations and statement of cash flows in respect of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, prepared on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (subject to the absence of footnotes), in respect of such Financial Year and each Financial Quarter therein and supported by appropriate explanations, notes and information, all as approved by the board of directors of Open Text. Anti-Terrorism Law means any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including the Bank Secrecy Act of 1990, as amended by the USA PATRIOT ACT, and - 4 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 the laws administered by the United States Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Asset Control, the Criminal Code, and the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (as any of the foregoing laws may from time to time be amended, renewed, extended, or replaced). Applicable Margins means, at any time, subject to the next following sentence, the margins in basis points set forth and defined in Schedule 4. In respect of (i) LIBORTerm SOFR Advances, the Applicable Margin shall be the margin referred to in the column LIBORSOFR Advances , (ii) Daily Simple SOFR Advances, the Applicable Margin shall be the margin referred to in the column SOFR Advances and (iiiii) ABR Advances, the Applicable Margin shall be the margin referred to in the column ABR Advances . Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Assets means, with respect to any Person, any property (including real property), assets and undertakings of such Person of every kind and wheresoever situated, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (and, for greater certainty, includes any equity or like interest of any Person in any other Person). Assigned Agreement means each agreement and hedge agreement in which the U.S. Grantors have assigned a security interest to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of the Security and Pledge Agreement. Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Schedule 6 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. Attorney has the meaning specified in Section 12.01(2). Auction has the meaning given such term in Section 15.01(3)(a). Auction Manager means the Administrative Agent. Authorization means, with respect to any Person, any authorization, order, permit, approval, grant, licence, consent, right, franchise, privilege, certificate, judgment, writ, injunction, award, determination, direction, decree, by-law, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Person and having the force of Law. Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or - 5 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.14(4). Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. basis point means 1/100th of one percent. Benchmark means, initially, Adjusted Term SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to Term SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.14. Benchmark Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (a) with respect to Term SOFR Advances, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; or (b) the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing - 6 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities. Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliance with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such 

- 7 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.14. Benefit Arrangement means at any time an employee benefit plan , within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is neither a Plan nor a Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained, sponsored or otherwise contributed to by any Loan Party, but does not include a Canadian Pension Plan or a Canadian Benefit Plan. BIA means the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), as amended from time to time. Borrower has the meaning specified in the preamble. Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 13.01(2). Borrower s Account means the Borrower s U.S. Dollar account, the particulars of which shall have been notified to the Administrative Agent by Borrower at least one Business Day prior to the making of any Accommodation. Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of one or more Advances. Borrowing Notice has the meaning specified in Section 3.02. - 8 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Buildings and Fixtures means all plants, buildings, structures, erections, improvements, appurtenances and fixtures (including fixed machinery and fixed equipment) situate on the Owned Real Properties. Business means the business of software development, maintenance, support, marketing, distribution, licensing and professional services in connection with the foregoing. Business Day means any day of the year, other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized to close in New York, New York or Toronto, Ontario and, where used in the context of a LIBOR Advance, is also a day on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market. Canadian Benefit Plan means any plan, fund, program or policy, whether oral or written, formal or informal, funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, providing employee benefits, including medical, hospital care, dental, sickness, accident, disability, life insurance, pension, retirement or savings benefits, under which any Loan Party has any liability with respect to any of its employees or former employees employed in Canada, and includes any Canadian Pension Plan. Canadian Pension Plans means each pension plan required to be registered under Canadian federal or provincial law that is maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party for its employees or former employees, but does not include the Canada Pension Plan or the Qu bec Pension Plan as maintained by the Government of Canada or the Province of Qu bec, respectively. Capital Expenditures means, in respect of any Person, expenditures made by such Person for the purchase, lease or acquisition of Assets (other than current Assets) required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Capital Lease Obligation of any Person means any obligation of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under a lease of property, real or personal, moveable or immoveable, that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Cash Management Agreement means any agreement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements. Cash Management Bank means any Person that, (i) in the case of Cash Management Agreements existing on the Closing Date, is a Lender or an Affiliate of Lender as of the Closing Date and (ii) in the case of Cash Management Agreements entered into after the Closing Date, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement, in each case in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement. CCAA means the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), as amended from time to time. - 9 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, or (b) any change in any Law or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority. It is understood and agreed that (i) the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub.L. 111-203, H.R. 4173), all Laws in connection therewith, all guidelines and directives in connection therewith and any compliance by a Lender with any request or directive relating thereto, shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, be deemed to be adopted subsequent to the Closing Date and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank of International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign financial regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. Change of Control means, any Person (or any two or more Persons acting in concert) acquires legal or beneficial ownership, either directly or indirectly, of more than 35 of the Equity Securities of Open Text entitled to vote for the election of the board of directors of Open Text. Closing Date means May 30, 2018. Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(3). Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collateral means the Assets of the Loan Parties in respect of which the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender has a security interest pursuant to a Security Document or in which a security interest is intended to be created in favour of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender pursuant to the terms of a Security Document. Collateral Account means the U.S. Grantors collateral deposit accounts, if any, opened at the request of the Administrative Agent for the purpose of holding proceeds of Collateral. Collateral Agent means Barclays Bank PLC as Collateral Agent for the Lenders under this Agreement, and any successor appointed pursuant to Section 12.07. Commitment means, at any time, in respect of the Term Loan Facility U.S. 1,000,000,000 (the Term Loan Commitment ), inclusive of the Exchanged Term Loan Commitments and the New Term Loan Commitments of the Remaining Lenders and the Term Loan Commitments of the New Lenders. Lender s Term Loan Commitment means, as to any Term Loan Lender on the Closing Date, the amount of such Lender s Term Loan Commitment. Commodity Exchange Act means the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. - 10 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Compliance Certificate means a certificate of Open Text signed on its behalf by its chief executive officer, chief financial officer or any other two senior officers, in the form attached hereto as Schedule 5. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of any Term Benchmark or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 8.01(2) and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides, in consultation with the Borrower, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents). Consolidated Assets means, at any time, the assets of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of such time in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Debt means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of such time. Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense means, for any Measurement Period, depreciation and amortization expense of Open Text and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated EBITDA means, in respect of Open Text and its Subsidiaries for any Measurement Period, and without duplication, Consolidated Net Income for such period increased, to the extent deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, by the sum of (i) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period; (ii) Consolidated Income Tax Expense for such period; (iii) Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense for such period; (iv) Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs incurred during such period; (v) stock or stock-option based compensation expenses; (vi) [Reserved]; and (vii) any non-recurring non-cash items decreasing Consolidated Net Income for such period (such as, for clarification, deferred revenue deducted in acquisition accounting), and decreased by (viii) all cash payments during such period relating to non-cash charges which were added back in determining Consolidated EBITDA in any prior period (excluding for purposes of this clause (viii) all Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs, in each case paid in cash during such period), (ix) interest income (except to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Interest Expense) and (x) any non-recurring non-cash items 

- 11 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period or which require an accrual of, or reserve for, cash charges for any future period, all as determined at such time in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any period pursuant to any determination of the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio, if during such period (or in the case of calculations determined on a pro forma basis, during the period from the last day of such period to and including the date as of which such calculation is made) Open Text or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall have made a Permitted Disposition or a Permitted Acquisition, Consolidated EBITDA for such period may, at Open Text s option, be calculated after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis calculated on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, giving effect to identifiable cost savings documented to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. Consolidated Income Tax Expense means, for any Measurement Period, the aggregate of all Taxes (including deferred Taxes) based on income of Open Text and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Interest Expense means, in respect of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, for any Measurement Period, the sum of, without duplication, (i) all items properly classified as interest expense in accordance with GAAP and (ii) the imputed interest component of any element of Consolidated Debt (such as leases) which would not be classified as interest expense pursuant to (i), all as determined at such time in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Net Debt for Borrowed Money means, at any time, (a) (i) all Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries of the types described in clause (i) of the definition of Debt hereunder, determined on a consolidated basis, and (ii) all Synthetic Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries as of such time, determined on a consolidated basis, minus (b) Unrestricted Cash. Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio means, for any Measurement Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Net Debt for Borrowed Money to (b) Consolidated EBITDA, in each case for such period. Consolidated Net Income means, for any Measurement Period, the net income (loss) of Open Text and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Senior Secured Net Debt for Borrowed Money means, at any time, (a) the aggregate amount of (i) all Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries of the types described in clause (i) of the definition of Debt hereunder and secured by an Encumbrance on the Assets of Open Text or any of its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis, and (ii) all Synthetic Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries and secured by an Encumbrance on the Assets of Open Text or any of its Subsidiaries as of such time, determined on a consolidated basis, minus (b) Unrestricted Cash. - 12 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio means, for any Measurement Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Senior Secured Net Debt for Borrowed Money to (b) Consolidated EBITDA, in each case for such period. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlled has the corresponding meaning. Credit Documents means this Agreement, the Security Documents, the Eligible Hedging Agreements, the Eligible Cash Management Agreements, certificates and written notices executed by any of the Loan Parties and delivered to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, and all other documents designated by their terms as Credit Documents and executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, by any of the Loan Parties in connection with the Term Loan Facility. Custodian has the meaning specified in Section 12.01(2). Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day i that is five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (A) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (B) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any day i , the SOFR in respect of such day i has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then the SOFR for such day i will be the SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. Daily Simple SOFR Advance means an Advance that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SOFR. Debenture has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(1)(c). Debt of any Person means, at any time, (without duplication), (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money including borrowings of commodities, bankers acceptances, letters of credit or letters of guarantee; (ii) all indebtedness of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services represented by a note or other evidence of indebtedness (other than trade payables and other current liabilities incurred - 13 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 in the ordinary course of business); (iii) all indebtedness of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property) (but excluding customary title retention provisions in supply contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business with payment terms not exceeding 120 days and as to which payments are not overdue by more than 30 days); (iv) all indebtedness of another Person secured by an Encumbrance on any properties or assets of such Person (other than Encumbrances being contested in good faith); (v) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person; (vi) the aggregate amount at which any shares in the capital of such Person which are redeemable or retractable at the option of the holder may be retracted or redeemed for cash or indebtedness of the type described in clause (i) above provided all conditions precedent for such retraction or redemption have been satisfied; (vii) all other obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid by such Person; (viii) the net amount of all obligations of such Person (determined on a marked-to-market basis) under Hedging Agreements; and (ix) all Debt Guaranteed by such Person. Debt Guaranteed by any Person means the maximum amount which may be outstanding at the relevant time of all Debt which is directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person or which such Person has agreed (contingently or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or in respect of which such Person has otherwise assured a creditor or other Person against loss; provided that in circumstances in which less than such amount has been guaranteed by such Person, only the guaranteed amount shall be taken into account in determining such Person s Debt Guaranteed; and provided further that, for clarification, Debt Guaranteed does not include comfort letters, keep well agreements and other agreements of similar effect given by such Person in respect of another Person for the purpose of satisfying Law, retaining officers and directors of such other Person or financial audits of such other Person, in each case, in accordance with customary business practices of such Person. Debtor Relief Laws means the BIA, the CCAA, the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. Default Interest has the meaning specified in Section 3.05(3). Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.12, any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Advances within two Business Days of the date such Advances were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which - 14 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund an Advance hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, after the Closing Date, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) become the subject of a Bail-in Action or (iii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.12) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Lender. Deposit Account Control Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(15)(c)(i). Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in Schedule B and Schedule I. Disposition means with respect to any Asset of any Person, any direct or indirect sale, lease (where such Person is the lessor of such Asset), assignment, cession, transfer, exchange, conveyance, release or gift of such Asset, including by means of a Sale-Leaseback Transaction and Dispose and Disposed have meanings correlative thereto; provided that dispositions of past due accounts receivable in connection with the collection, write down or compromise thereof in the ordinary course of business shall not constitute Dispositions. 

- 15 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 EBITDA means, as to any Subsidiary of Open Text for any Measurement Period, and without duplication, net income (or loss) of such Subsidiary for such period increased, to the extent deducted in calculating net income (or loss), by the sum of (i) interest expenses of such Subsidiary for such period; (ii) income tax expenses of such Subsidiary for such period; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses of such Subsidiary for such period; (iv) such Subsidiary s ratable share of Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs incurred during such period; (v) stock or stock-option based compensation expenses of such Subsidiary; (vi) [Reserved]; and (vii) any non-recurring non-cash items decreasing net income of such Subsidiary for such period (such as, for clarification, deferred revenue deducted in acquisition accounting), and decreased by (viii) all cash payments made by such Subsidiary during such period relating to non-cash charges which were added back in determining EBITDA in any prior period (excluding for purposes of this clause (viii) such Subsidiary s ratable share of Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs, in each case, paid in cash during such period), (ix) interest income (except to the extent deducted in determining interest expense) of such Subsidiary and (x) any non-recurring non-cash items increasing net income of such Subsidiary for such period or which require an accrual of, or reserve for, cash charges for any future period, all as determined at such time in accordance with GAAP. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Effective Yield means, as to any Debt, the yield thereon, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, original issue discount, up-front fees, interest rate floors or similar devices, all recurring fees and all other fees, or otherwise; provided that original issue discount and up-front fees shall, for floating rate Debt, be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year life to maturity; and provided further that Effective Yield shall not include arrangement fees or similar fees paid to the arrangers or lenders for such Debt. Eligible Assignee means any Person (other than a natural person, any Loan Party (except assignments to the Borrower pursuant to Section 15.01) or any Affiliate of a Loan Party), in respect of which any consent that is required by Section 15.01 has been obtained. - 16 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Eligible Cash Management Agreements means any Cash Management Agreement that is in existence as of the Closing Date or entered into after the Closing Date, in each case, by and between the Loan Parties and any Cash Management Bank. Eligible Hedging Agreements means one or more agreements between the Loan Parties and certain of the Lenders or an Affiliate of a Lender (collectively, the Hedge Lenders evidenced by a form of agreement approved by the International Swaps and Derivatives Dealers Association, Inc. (or other form approved by the Administrative Agent) using the full two-way payment method to calculate amounts payable thereunder and evidencing (i) any interest rate hedge (including any interest rate swap, cap or collar); or (ii) any foreign exchange hedge, provided that any such hedging agreements entered into by any Loan Party and any Person at the time that such Person was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender hereunder shall continue to be an Eligible Hedging Agreement notwithstanding that such Person (or its Affiliate) ceases, at any time, to be a Lender hereunder. Encumbrance means any hypothec, mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien, charge or any encumbrance of any kind that in substance secures payment or performance of an obligation of any Loan Party and includes the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capitalized lease or other title retention agreement. Environmental Laws means all Laws relating to the environment, occupational health and safety matters or conditions, Hazardous Substances, pollution or protection of the environment, including Laws relating to (i) on site or off-site contamination; (ii) occupational health and safety relating to Hazardous Substances; (iii) chemical substances or products; (iv) Releases of pollutants, contaminants, chemicals or other industrial, toxic or radioactive substances or Hazardous Substances into the environment; and (v) the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, transport or handling of Hazardous Substances, the clean-up or other remediation thereof, and including the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 S.C. 1999, c.33, the Fisheries Act R.S.C. 1985, c.F.14, Transportation of Dangerous Goods Act, S.C. 1992 c.34, the Migratory Birds Convention Act, S.C. 1994, c. 22, the Species at Risk Act S.C. 2002, c. 29, the Hazardous Products Act R.S.C. 1985, c.H-3, the Canada Shipping Act 2001, S.C. 2001, c.26, the Canada Wildlife Act R.S.C. 1985, c.W-9, the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq., the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq., the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., the Emergency Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act, 42 U.S.C. 11001 et seq., the Oil Pollution Act, 33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. 300f et seq., and the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. Environmental Liabilities means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of Borrower, Open Text or any of their Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) Open Text s or any of its Subsidiaries generation, use, handling, collection, treatment, storage, transportation, recovery, recycling or disposal of any Hazardous Substances, (c) exposure - 17 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 to any Hazardous Substances, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substances into the environment, or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. Environmental Permits includes all permits, certificates, approvals, registrations and licences issued by any Governmental Authority to any of the Loan Parties or to the Business pursuant to Environmental Laws and required for the operation of the Business or the use of the Owned Real Properties or other Assets of any of the Loan Parties. Equity Securities means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights in, or other equivalents (however designated and whether voting or non-voting) of, such Person s capital, whether outstanding on the Closing Date or issued after the Closing Date, including any interest in a partnership, limited partnership or other similar Person and any beneficial interest in a trust, and any and all rights, warrants, options or other rights exchangeable for or convertible into any of the foregoing. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. ERISA Group means, at any time, the Loan Parties and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control and all other entities which, together with any of the Loan Parties, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Eurodollar Rate means for any Interest Period with respect to any LIBOR Advance: (a) until such time as an Alternate Rate of Interest is determined pursuant to Section 3.04(3), (i) the rate per annum equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 (or any successor thereto) for deposits in U.S. Dollars (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, or, if different, the date on which quotations would customarily be provided by leading banks in the London interbank market for deposits of amounts in U.S. Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period; or (ii) if the rate referenced in the preceding clause (i) does not appear on such page or service or such page or service shall not be available, the rate per annum equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the - 18 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 offered rate on such other page or other service that displays an average London Interbank Offered Rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, or, if different, the date on which quotations would customarily be provided by leading banks in the London interbank market for deposits of amounts in U.S. Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period; provided that the Eurodollar Rate shall in any event not be less than 0.00 per annum, and (b) following the determination of an Alternate Rate of Interest pursuant to Section 3.04(3), such Alternate Rate of Interest. Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(1). Exchanged Term Loan Commitment means, in respect of each Remaining Lender, the amount of Existing Term Loans such Remaining Lender has elected by prior notice to the Lead Arranger to exchange for Term Loans. Excluded Hedging Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Hedging Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Hedging Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 21.13 and any and all Guarantees of such Guarantor s Hedging Obligations by other Guarantors) at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Hedging Obligation. If a Hedging Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one hedge, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Hedging Obligation that is attributable to hedges for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. Excluded Subsidiary means (i) any non-wholly owned Subsidiary of Open Text, (ii) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (iii) any Foreign Subsidiary and (iv) any other Subsidiary of Open Text to the extent that the entering into of a Guarantee in respect of the Term Loan Facility would give rise to material adverse tax consequences or would be materially restricted or limited or prohibited by Law; provided that, except as set forth in the succeeding proviso, Open Text and the other Loan Parties shall represent, in the aggregate, at least 70 of Consolidated EBITDA (such percentage of Consolidated EBITDA, the Minimum Guarantor Coverage ), and Open Text shall be obligated to designate one or more Subsidiaries that would otherwise qualify as Excluded Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries in order to comply with the terms of this proviso; provided further that if, solely as a result of material adverse tax consequences or 

- 19 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 material restrictions or limitations or prohibitions of Law, the Loan Parties are unable to comply with the foregoing proviso, then the Minimum Guarantor Coverage may be lower than 70 of Consolidated EBITDA, provided that Open Text certifies to the Administrative Agent the nature of such restrictions, prohibitions or tax consequences in reasonable detail. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, (i) to the extent that the financial results of any Subsidiary of Open Text negatively impact Consolidated EBITDA for any Measurement Period, such Subsidiary shall be disregarded for purposes of the calculations contained in the foregoing two provisos; (ii) no Subsidiary shall be deemed to be an Excluded Subsidiary if it has guaranteed any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (k) of the definition of Permitted Debt or Refinancing Debt in respect thereof; and (iii) with respect to any Immaterial Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date, such Immaterial Subsidiary shall not be subject to the representations, warranties, covenants, Events of Default and other provisions in the Credit Documents for a period of twelve months following any such acquisition; provided that such twelve month period may be extended upon notice to the Administrative Agent in connection with tax filings or assessments necessary to complete any dissolution, winding up, merger or amalgamation of any such Immaterial Subsidiary. Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of a Loan Party hereunder or under any Credit Document, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by its net income or capital, and franchise Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or resident or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch profits Taxes or any similar Tax imposed by any jurisdiction in which the Lender is located, (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 8.03(2) or a Foreign Lender that becomes a party hereto during the continuance of an Event of Default), any withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 8.02(5), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 8.02(1), and (d) any United States federal withholding Taxes that are imposed under FATCA. Exempt Immaterial Subsidiary has the meaning specified in the definition of Immaterial Subsidiary herein. Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement initially dated as of January 16, 2014, as amended as of June 16, 2016 and as of February 22, 2017, by and among the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other financial institutions party thereto and the lenders party thereto from time to time. - 20 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Existing Credit Agreement Agent means Barclays Bank PLC, or its successor in interest, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Existing Credit Agreement. Existing Term Lender means a Lender with Existing Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the occurrence of the Closing Date. Existing Term Loans means Term Loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately prior to the occurrence of the Closing Date. Extended Term Loans means any Term Loans the maturity of which shall have been extended pursuant to Section 2.13. Extension has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.13(1). Extension Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement (which may, at the option of the Administrative Agent, be in the form of an amendment and restatement of this Agreement) providing for Extended Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.13, which shall be consistent with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and otherwise satisfactory to the parties thereto. Each Extension Amendment shall be executed by the Administrative Agent, the Loan Parties and the other parties specified in Section 2.13 (but not any other Lender). Any Extension Amendment may include conditions for delivery of opinions of counsel and other documentation consistent with the conditions in Section 4.01, all to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the other parties to such Extension Amendment. Extension Offer has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.13(1). FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor provisions that are substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretation thereof. Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner asset forth on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided, that if the Federal Funds Rate for any day is less than zero, the Federal Funds Rate for such day will be deemed to be zero. Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Fees means the fees payable by the Borrower under this Agreement or under any other Credit Document. - 21 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of Open Text. Financial Quarter means, in respect of any Loan Party, a period of approximately three consecutive months in each Financial Year ending on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31, as the case may be, of such year. Financial Year means the financial year of Open Text commencing on or about July 1 of each calendar year and ending on June 30 of such calendar year. First Amendment means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2016 among the Borrower, Open Text, the other Guarantors, the lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00 . Foreign Guarantor has the meaning given to that term in the Existing Credit Agreement. Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not resident for income tax or withholding tax purposes under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes on the Closing Date and that is not otherwise considered or deemed in respect of any amount payable to it hereunder or under any Credit Document to be resident for income tax or withholding tax purposes in the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes by application of the laws of that jurisdiction. For purposes of this definition, Canada and each Province and Territory thereof shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction and the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. Foreign Plan means any benefit plan, other than a Canadian Benefit Plan or Canadian Pension Plan, sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party that under applicable law other than the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof, is required to be funded through a trust or other funding vehicle other than a trust or funding vehicle maintained exclusively by a Governmental Authority. Foreign Plan Event means, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (a) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any applicable law, (b) the failure to make the required contributions or payments, under any applicable law, on or before the due date for such contributions or payments, (c) the receipt of a notice by a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Plan or (d) the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party under applicable law on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Plan or on account of the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein. Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Open Text that is organized or existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than (a) the laws of Canada or (b) the laws of a jurisdiction located within Canada or the United States. - 22 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 GAAP means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applied on a consistent basis; provided, however, that, in the event of any change in GAAP from those applied in the preparation of the financial statements of Open Text most recently delivered on or prior to the Closing Date that would affect the computation of any financial covenant, ratio, accounting definition or requirement set forth in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, if Open Text or the Majority Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Majority Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith, each acting reasonably, to amend such financial covenant or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided, further, that, until so amended as provided in the preceding proviso, (a) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP without regard to such change therein, and (b) the Loan Parties shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement, setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such financial covenant or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP; provided, further, that, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any lease that is treated as an operating lease for purposes of GAAP as of the Closing Date shall continue to be treated as an operating lease (and any future lease, if it were in effect on the Closing Date, that would be treated as an operating lease for purposes of GAAP as of the Closing Date shall be treated as an operating lease), in each case, for purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP after the Closing Date. Governmental Authority means the government of Canada, the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether provincial, state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government, including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank and including a Minister of the Crown, Superintendent of Financial Institutions or other comparable authority or agency. Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 21.01. Guaranteed Parties has the meaning specified in Section 21.01. Guarantee means the guarantee of each of the Guarantors set forth in Article 21 and any additional guarantee of a Guarantor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, no Person shall guarantee its own Obligations. Guarantor means each Subsidiary of Open Text (other than any Excluded Subsidiaries), in each case, in its capacity as guarantor under the Guarantee. Hazardous Substance means any substance, waste, liquid, gaseous or solid matter, fuel, micro-organism, sound, vibration, ray, heat, odour, radiation, energy, plasma and organic or inorganic matter, alone or in any combination which is regulated under any applicable Environmental Laws as hazardous waste, a hazardous substance, a pollutant, a deleterious substance, a contaminant or a source of pollution or contamination under any Environmental Law. 

- 23 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Hedge Lenders has the meaning specified in the definition of Eligible Hedging Agreements herein. Hedging Agreements means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments to current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants (in their capacities as such) of Open Text or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a Hedging Agreement. Hedging Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act, including any Hedging Agreements. Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Open Text that has less than as at the end of any Measurement Period (i) U.S. 40,000,000 of EBITDA and (ii) U.S. 80,000,000 of Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Open Text may from time to time designate, by notice to the Administrative Agent, Immaterial Subsidiaries representing, in the aggregate at any time, up to 7.5 of Consolidated EBITDA (measured as at the end of the most recently-ended period of four consecutive Financial Quarters at such time) as being exempt from Section 6.02 and Section 7.01 of this Agreement (any such Immaterial Subsidiary, an Exempt Immaterial Subsidiary ). As of the Closing Date, any such Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries are set forth on Schedule J hereto. Impermissible Qualification means, relative to (i) the financial statements or notes thereto of any Person; or (ii) the opinion or report of any independent auditors as to any financial statement or notes thereto, any qualification or exception to such financial statements, notes, opinion or report, as the case may be, which (a) is of a going concern or similar nature; or (b) relates to any limited scope of examination of material matters relevant to such financial statement, if such limitation results from the refusal or failure of such Person to grant access to necessary information therefore within the power of such Person to so grant. Incremental Term Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(4). Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified in Section 14.01(2). Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 14.01(2). Information has the meaning specified in Section 5.01(6). - 24 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Instruments means (i) a bill, note or cheque within the meaning of the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) or any other writing that evidences a right to the payment of money and is of a type that in the ordinary course of business is transferred by delivery with any necessary endorsement or assignment, or (ii) a letter of credit and an advice of credit if the letter or advice states that it must be surrendered upon claiming payment thereunder, or (iii) chattel paper or any other writing that evidences both a monetary obligation and a security interest in or a lease of specific goods, or (iv) documents of title or any other writing that purports to be issued by or addressed to a bailee and purports to cover such goods in the bailee s possession as are identified or fungible portions of an identified mass, and that in the ordinary course of business is treated as establishing that the Person in possession of it is entitled to receive, hold and dispose of the document and the goods it covers, or (v) any document or writing commonly known as an instrument. Intellectual Property means domestic and foreign: (i) patents, applications for patents and reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations-in-part of patents or patent applications; (ii) proprietary and non-public business information, including inventions (whether patentable or not), invention disclosures, improvements, discoveries, trade secrets, confidential information, know-how, methods, processes, designs, technology, technical data, schematics, formulae and customer lists, and documentation relating to any of the foregoing; (iii) copyrights, copyright registrations and applications for copyright registration; (iv) mask works, mask work registrations and applications for mask work registrations; (v) designs, design registrations, design registration applications and integrated circuit topographies; (vi) trade names, business names, corporate names, domain names, website names and world wide web addresses, common law trade-marks, trade-mark registrations, trade mark applications, trade addresses and logos, and the goodwill associated with any of the foregoing; (vii) computer software and programs (both source code and object code form), all proprietary rights in the computer software and programs and all documentation and other materials related to the computer software and programs; and (viii) any other intellectual property and industrial property. Intercompany Instruments means all Instruments issued by or evidencing an obligation of any Loan Party to another Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party to a Loan Party. Intercompany Securities means all Securities issued by any Loan Party to another Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party to a Loan Party. Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated as of January 16, 2014, among the Administrative Agent, and the Revolver Credit Agreement Agent and the other Persons from time to time party thereto. Interest Period means, for each LIBORTerm SOFR Advance, a period which commences (i) in the case of the initial Interest Period, on the date the LIBORTerm SOFR Advance is made or converted from another Type of Accommodation, and (ii) in the case of any subsequent Interest Period, on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period in respect of a maturing LIBORTerm SOFR Advance, and which ends, in - 25 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 either case, on the day selected by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Notice or Interest Rate Election Notice. The duration of each Interest Period shall be 1one, 2, 3three or 6six months (or, if available to all Lenders making the applicable LIBOR Advances, 12 months), unless the last day of a LIBORTerm SOFR Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, in which case the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next Business Day, or if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the preceding Business Day. Interest Rate Election Notice has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(3). Investment Credit means the amount of any dividends, distributions, returns of capital, repayments of loans or similar payments paid to any Loan Party during the term of this Agreement by any Person in which Investments may be made under Section 6.02(9). Investments means, as applied to any Person (the investor ), any direct or indirect purchase or other acquisition by the investor of, or a beneficial interest in, Equity Securities of any other Person, including any exchange of Equity Securities for Indebtedness, or any direct or indirect loan, advance (other than advances to directors, officers and employees for moving, travel and entertainment expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution by the investor to any other Person, including all Indebtedness and accounts receivable owing to the investor from such other Person that did not arise from sales or services rendered to such other Person in the ordinary course of the investor s business, or any direct or indirect purchase or other acquisition of bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of, any other Person. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to such Investment minus any amounts (a) realized upon the disposition of assets comprising an Investment (including the value of any liabilities assumed by any Person other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with such disposition), (b) constituting repayments of Investments that are loans or advances or (c) constituting cash returns of principal or capital thereon (including any dividend, redemption or repurchase of equity that is accounted for, in accordance with GAAP, as a return of principal or capital). investor has the meaning specified in the definition of Investments herein. ITA has the meaning specified in Section 5.01(18). Laws means all legally enforceable statutes, codes, ordinances, decrees, rules, regulations, municipal by-laws, judicial or arbitral or administrative or ministerial or departmental or regulatory judgments, orders, decisions, rulings or awards, policies, voluntary restraints, guidelines, or any provisions of the foregoing, including general principles of common and civil law and equity, binding on the Person referred to in the context in which such word is used; and Law means any one of the foregoing. Lead Arranger means Barclays Bank PLC. - 26 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Lender s Term Loan Commitment has the meaning specified in the definition of Commitment herein. Lenders means, collectively, the financial institutions and other Persons set forth on the signature pages hereof as Lenders (each of which shall, as of the Closing Date, be either a Remaining Lender or a New Lender), and any assignee thereof pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement upon such assignee executing and delivering an assignment and assumption agreement referred to in Section 15.01(2) to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, or any other Person which becomes a Lender party to this Agreement, and in the singular any one of such Lenders. A Lender which, at any relevant time, has a Term Loan Commitment is sometimes referred to herein as a Term Loan Lender . LIBO Rate has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate herein. LIBOR Advance has the meaning specified in the definition of Advances herein. Loan Parties means, collectively, Open Text and the Guarantors, and Loan Party means any one of them. Mandatory Prepayment Suspension means that as of the last day of the most recently-ended Measurement Period for which financial statements have been delivered, and on a pro forma basis (giving effect to all incurrences, prepayments and repayments of Debt since the end of such Measurement Period) as of the date of determination, the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio was less than or equal to 2.50:1.00. Majority Lenders means, at any time, Lenders whose Commitments at such time, taken together, are greater than 50 of the aggregate amount of the Commitments at such time; provided that, with respect to any Defaulting Lender or any Affiliate thereof, the unused Term Loan Commitments and the portion of the Accommodations Outstanding held or deemed held by any such Defaulting Lender or any such Affiliate thereof shall in each case be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Majority Lenders. Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (i) the business, operations, financial condition, liabilities (contingent or otherwise) or properties of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (ii) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under the Credit Documents; or (iii) the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Credit Documents, taken as a whole. Material Agreements means those agreements (as amended, supplemented, revised or restated as permitted herein from time to time) of any of the Loan Parties, the breach, non-performance or cancellation of which or the failure of which to renew, or the termination, revocation or lapse of which, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and which cannot promptly be replaced by an alternative comparable contract with comparable commercial terms, which agreements, if any, as of the Closing Date, are listed on Schedule H (as amended, restated, supplemented or replaced as permitted hereunder). 

- 27 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Material Disposition means any Disposition or series of related Dispositions that involves Assets having a fair value, or consideration received for such Assets, in excess of U.S. 30,000,000. Material Intellectual Property Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.01(10). Material Owned Real Property means any owned real property (or owned immoveable property, as applicable) of any Loan Party acquired after the Closing Date having a fair value or book value of greater than U.S. 10,000,000. Material Permits means the Authorizations, the breach, non-performance, cancellation or non-availability of which or failure of which to renew would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Open Text other than an Excluded Subsidiary (but including any Subsidiary that has been designated as a Material Subsidiary as provided in the definition of Excluded Subsidiary ). Measurement Period means, as of any date of determination, the four consecutive Financial Quarters most recently ended prior to such date. Minimum Guarantor Coverage has the meaning specified in the definition of Excluded Subsidiary herein. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan which is a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and to which any Loan Party or any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or, within the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or had an obligation to make such contributions and excludes any Canadian Benefit Plan. Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two (2) or more contributing sponsors (including any Loan Party or any member of the ERISA Group) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Sections 4063 and 4064 of ERISA. Net Proceeds means any one or more of the following: (i) with respect to any Disposition of Assets by any Loan Party, the net amount equal to the aggregate amount received in cash (including any cash received by way of deferred payment pursuant to a note, receivable, other non-cash consideration or otherwise, but only as and when such cash is so received) in connection with such Disposition, less the reasonable fees (including reasonable legal fees), commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses (as evidenced by supporting documentation provided to the Administrative Agent upon request therefor by the Administrative Agent) and Taxes incurred, paid or payable for by any Loan Party in connection with such Disposition; (ii) with respect to the issuance or creation of Debt or Equity Securities, whether private or public, of any Loan Party, the net amount equal to the aggregate amount received in cash (including any cash received - 28 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 by way of deferred advance or installment but only as and when such cash is so received) in connection with such creation or issuance, less the reasonable fees (including reasonable legal fees), commissions, printing costs and other out-of-pocket expenses (as evidenced by supporting documentation provided to the Administrative Agent upon request therefor by the Administrative Agent) incurred, paid or payable for by any Loan Party in connection with such creation or issuance; and (iii) with respect to the receipt of proceeds under any insurance policy (other than business interruption and life insurance), the net amount equal to the aggregate amount received in cash in connection with such receipt of insurance proceeds less the reasonable fees (including reasonable legal fees), costs, deductibles and other out-of-pocket expenses (as evidenced by supporting documentation provided to the Administrative Agent upon request therefor by the Administrative Agent) incurred, paid for or payable by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the claim under the insurance policy giving rise to such proceeds; provided that Net Proceeds shall not include any such proceeds attributable to a Subsidiary located outside of Canada and the United States to the extent that (A) the distribution of such proceeds to a Loan Party is prohibited by Law, is subject to foreign currency controls (and the value of such proceeds would be impaired thereby) or would result in material adverse tax consequence or (B) such proceeds are reasonably necessary (as certified in writing to the Administrative Agent by a Financial Officer of Open Text or the applicable Subsidiary) to facilitate Open Text s tax planning strategy. New Lender means each Lender that is not an Existing Term Lender. New Term Loan Commitment means, in respect of each Remaining Lender, the positive difference (if any) between such Remaining Lender s (a) Term Loan Commitment and (b) Exchanged Term Loan Commitment. Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 16.01(5). Non-Public Information means material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws) with respect to Open Text, its Affiliates, its Subsidiaries or their Securities. Non-Public Lenders means Lenders that wish to receive Non-Public Information with respect to Open Text, its Affiliates, its Subsidiaries or their Securities. Obligations means all debts, liabilities and obligations of or owing by the Loan Parties to any Guaranteed Party at any time and from time to time, present and future, direct and indirect, absolute and contingent, matured or not, arising from this Agreement, any Eligible Cash Management Agreements, any Eligible Hedging Agreements or any other Credit Document, and all amendments, restatements, replacements, renewals, extensions, or supplements and continuations thereof, and whether the Loan Parties are bound alone or with another or others, and whether as principal or surety, and including all liabilities of the Loan Parties arising as a consequence of their failure to pay or fulfill any of such debts, liabilities and obligations. Obligor has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(15)(c)(ii). Open Text has the meaning given to such term in the Recitals hereto. - 29 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Original Currency has the meaning specified in Section 16.02(1). Other Currency has the meaning specified in Section 16.02(1). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Credit Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document. Owned Real Properties means, collectively, the land and premises listed on Schedule E and the Buildings and Fixtures thereon. Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 15.01(6). Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 15.01(9). PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA or any successor. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR . Permitted Acquisitions means any Acquisition (i) which is of a Person carrying on a business which is the same as or related, ancillary, incidental or complementary to the business carried on by any Loan Party (or if an asset Acquisition, is of assets used or useful in a business which is the same as or related, ancillary, incidental or complementary to the business carried on by any Loan Party); (ii) in respect of which Open Text provides, together with the next Compliance Certificate required to be delivered in accordance with Section 6.01(1(a)(iii) following the date of such Acquisition, a certificate of the chief financial officer containing information in reasonable detail regarding the cost of such Acquisition, the projected earnings of such Acquisition, the financial and acquisition structure of such Acquisition, audited financial statements of the subject of such Acquisition for the previous two years to the extent available, and financial projections, on a quarterly basis, for the succeeding year, and on an annual basis for the year thereafter (or such later period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request), which shall demonstrate, after giving effect to such Acquisition, compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.03 as at the date of such Acquisition, and at all relevant times during the period of 12 months thereafter (calculated on a pro forma basis and based on the projected performance of such Acquisition for such 12 month period); (iii) in respect of which the Lenders will have a security interest over the assets to be acquired (to the extent such assets are acquired by a Loan Party), subject only to Permitted Exceptions and Permitted Encumbrances (and if such Acquisition is an Acquisition of Equity Securities of any Person that is a Material Subsidiary, to the extent the Minimum Guarantor Coverage would not otherwise be satisfied, also a full liability guarantee (subject to any limitations imposed by Law on the amount of such liability) and a security interest over the assets of such Person, subject only to Permitted Exceptions and Permitted Encumbrances), or arrangements satisfactory - 30 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 to the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, shall have been made for the providing of such guarantee and the obtaining of such security interests, as applicable, within a period not to exceed 90 days following the date of such Acquisition; and (iv) if such Acquisition is an Acquisition of Equity Securities of any Person, in respect of which such acquiring Person acquires a percentage of the Equity Securities of such Person sufficient to permit such acquiring Person to effect the acquisition of 100 of the Equity Securities of such Person in a subsequent transaction under Law. Permitted Debt means, (a) Debt hereunder or under any other Credit Document; (b) Debt existing on the Closing Date and set forth in Schedule K and, in the case of the Revolving Credit Agreement, (x) Debt incurred after the Closing Date pursuant to the Revolving Credit Commitments thereunder and (y) up to U.S. 250,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Incremental Facilities permitted under the Revolving Credit Agreement on the terms in effect as of the Closing Date; (c) intercompany Debt permitted by Section 6.02(9)(b) or Section 7.02(9)(c) and intercompany Debt, payments on which are excluded from the definition of Restricted Payments by clauses (x) or (y) thereof, which Debt shall, in each case, if owing to a Loan Party, be pledged, subject to Permitted Exceptions, to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, under the applicable Security Agreement; (d) Capital Lease Obligations in an aggregate amount of not more than U.S. 120,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency) at any time outstanding; (e) Debt secured by Purchase Money Mortgages in an aggregate amount of not more than U.S. 100,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency) at any time outstanding; (f) [Reserved]; (g) any obligation in respect of judgments that do not result in an Event of Default under Section 7.01(1)(j); (h) Refinancing Debt incurred in respect of any of the foregoing or in respect of clauses (k) or (m) below; (i) Debt consisting of letters of credit and guarantees of local bank guarantees of performance of the obligations of Subsidiaries under leases of facilities of the Loan Parties, in an aggregate amount for all such Debt not to exceed U.S. 100,000,000 at any time; (j) Debt consisting of letters of credit issued to support performance obligations (not constituting Debt of the type described in clause (i) of the definition therefor) of Open Text and its Subsidiaries under service agreements or licences in the ordinary course of business; (k) Debt in an unlimited amount, whether secured (including by way of Encumbrances ranking pari passu with the Encumbrances created under the Security Documents) or unsecured 

- 31 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 provided that Open Text has demonstrated that it will be in compliance with a Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio of less than 2.75:1.00 on a pro forma basis at the end of the Financial Quarter immediately following the incurrence of such Debt for the Measurement Period then ended and with respect to any secured Debt, subject to intercreditor arrangements substantially in the form of the Intercreditor Agreement or otherwise satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and customary terms of such arrangements shall be deemed to be satisfactory), and otherwise containing terms, covenants, and defaults that are not more restrictive, taken as a whole, than the terms, covenants and defaults contained in the Credit Documents; provided that if secured, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, such Debt shall not be secured by any property or assets of the Loan Parties other than the Collateral; (l) Debt under or in connection with customary treasury, depositary, cash management, automatic clearing house arrangements, overdraft protections, cash pooling or netting or setting off arrangements or similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (m) Debt permitted to be secured by Encumbrances described in clause (n) of Permitted Encumbrances whether or not so secured at any time; and (n) Debt not otherwise permitted above in an aggregate amount not to exceed U.S. 200,000,000 at any time. Permitted Dispositions means (i) any Disposition of Assets to Loan Parties; (ii) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (iii) Dispositions of Assets which are obsolete, redundant or of no material economic value; (iv) Dispositions of Assets in each Financial Year to a Person that is not a Loan Party of not more than an amount equal to 20 of Consolidated Assets in the aggregate for all such Dispositions during such Financial Year (determined on the first Business Day of such Financial Year); provided that if, for any Financial Year, the amount specified above exceeds the aggregate amount of applicable Dispositions made by Open Text and its Subsidiaries, as determined on a consolidated basis during such Financial Year, the amount set forth above for the succeeding Financial Year shall be increased by 50 of such excess amount; provided further that all such Dispositions pursuant to this clause (iv) shall not exceed an aggregate amount equal to 45 of Consolidated Assets as of the Closing Date; (v) Dispositions of Assets to Subsidiaries of Open Text so long as Section 6.02(6) and Section 6.02(9) are complied with and subject in all cases to compliance with the Minimum Guarantor Coverage; (vi) Dispositions resulting from a transaction permitted under Section 6.02(3)(i) through (iv); and (vii) Dispositions of Assets by Subsidiaries of Open Text that are not Loan Parties to other Subsidiaries of Open Text that are not Loan Parties. Permitted Encumbrances means, with respect to any Person, the following: (o) (a) Encumbrances for Taxes, rates, assessments or other governmental charges or levies or for employment insurance, pension obligations or other social security obligations, workers compensation or vacation pay, the payment of which is not yet due, or for which installments - 32 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 have been paid based on reasonable estimate spending final assessments, or if due, the applicable grace period has not expired or the validity of which is being contested diligently and in good faith by appropriate proceedings by that Person if either, in the case of such items being contested, (i) adequate reserves have been maintained in accordance with GAAP, if applicable or (ii) the applicable liens are not in the aggregate materially prejudicial to the value of the assets of the Loan Parties taken as a whole; (p) (b) undetermined or inchoate Encumbrances, rights of distress and charges incidental to current operations which have not at such time been filed or exercised, or which relate to obligations not due or payable or if due, the validity of which is being contested diligently and in good faith by appropriate proceedings by that Person; (q) (c) (i) reservations, limitations, provisos and conditions expressed in any original grant from any Governmental Authority or (ii) other grant of real or immovable property, or interests therein, which, in the case of this clause (ii), do not materially affect the use of the affected land for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (r) (d) licences, permits, reservations, covenants, servitudes, easements, rights-of-way and rights in the nature of easements (including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, licenses, easements, rights-of-way and rights in the nature of easements for sidewalks, public ways, sewers, drains, gas, steam and water mains or electric light and power, or telephone and telegraph conduits, poles, wires and cables) and zoning, land use and building restrictions, by-laws, regulations and ordinances of federal, provincial, regional, state, municipal and other governmental authorities, which do not materially impair the use of the affected land for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (s) (e) title defects, encroachments or irregularities which in the aggregate do not materially impair the use of the affected property for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (t) (f) the right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit acquired by that Person or by any statutory provision to terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant or permit, or to require annual or other payments as a condition to the continuance thereof; (u) (g) the Encumbrances resulting from the deposit or pledge of cash or securities in connection with contracts, tenders, bids, performance bonds and similar obligations or expropriation proceedings, or to secure workers compensation, unemployment insurance, and other social security obligations; (v) (h) the Encumbrances resulting from surety or appeal bonds, costs of litigation when required by Law, liens and claims incidental to current construction, mechanics , warehousemen s, carriers and other similar liens, and public, statutory and other like obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; (w) (i) Encumbrances given to a public utility or any Governmental Authority when required by such utility or Governmental Authority in connection with the operations of that Person in the ordinary course of its business; - 33 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (x) (j) the Encumbrances created by a judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, as long as the judgment is being contested diligently and in good faith by appropriate proceedings by that Person and does not result in an Event of Default under Section 7.01(1)(j); (y) (k) operating leases of vehicles or equipment which are entered into in the ordinary course of the Business; (z) (l) Encumbrances securing Purchase Money Mortgages or Capital Lease Obligations permitted hereunder; (aa) (m) the Encumbrances created by the Security Documents; (bb) (n) Encumbrances securing indebtedness not in excess of an aggregate principal amount of U.S. 120,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) for all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries relating to Assets acquired in connection with Permitted Acquisitions and Investments permitted under Section 6.02(9)(k), in each case made after the Closing Date by Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries securing debts, liabilities or obligations, in each case not assumed or incurred in contemplation of such Acquisition or Investment; (cc) (o) subdivision agreements, site plan control agreements, development agreements, facilities sharing agreements, cost sharing agreements and other similar agreements which do not materially impair the use of the real property subject thereto for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (dd) (p) the rights of any tenant, occupant or licensee under any lease, occupancy agreement or licence which do not materially impair the use of the real property subject thereto for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (ee) (q) the Encumbrances set forth in Schedule K; provided that, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, Encumbrances securing Debt in a principal amount of up to the sum of the Revolving Commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement as of the Closing Date plus the principal amounts of any Incremental Facility permitted in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement as of the Closing Date (or any Refinancing Debt in respect thereof (subject to execution of any joinder agreement that may be required under the Intercreditor Agreement)) shall constitute Permitted Encumbrances and may rank pari passu with the Encumbrances created by the Security Documents; (ff) (r) Encumbrances or covenants restricting or prohibiting access to or from lands abutting on controlled access highways or covenants affecting the use to which lands may be put; provided, however, that such Encumbrances or covenants do not materially and adversely affect the use of the lands by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries; (gg) (s) Encumbrances consisting of royalties payable with respect to any asset or property of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, provided that the existence of any such Encumbrance as of the Closing Date on any material property or asset of the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary shall have been disclosed in writing to the Lenders prior to the Closing Date; - 34 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (hh) (t) statutory Encumbrances incurred or pledges or deposits made in favour of a Governmental Authority to secure the performance of obligations of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries under Environmental Laws to which any Loan Party or Subsidiary or any assets of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary is subject, provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (ii) (u) Encumbrances arising from the right of distress enjoyed by landlords outside of the Province of Qu bec to secure the payment and performance of obligations in respect of leased properties in such provinces or an Encumbrance granted by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party to a landlord to secure the payment and performance of obligations in respect of leased properties in the Province of Qu bec leased from such landlord, provided that such Encumbrances are limited to the assets located at or about such leased properties; (jj) (v) any and all Encumbrances or title defects that do not materially and adversely interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party, if customarily insurable at reasonable cost, and that may be insured against pursuant to one or more title insurance policies available from locally recognized insurance companies; (kk) (w) Encumbrances in favour of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of Law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; (ll) (x) Encumbrances in favour of a financial depositary institution arising (i) as a matter of law or (ii) to the extent that no funds are subject to a present and enforceable claim thereunder, under account establishment or maintenance agreements entered into the ordinary course of business, in each case, encumbering deposits (including the right of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry; (mm) (y) other Encumbrances expressly consented to in writing by the Majority Lenders; (nn) (z) Encumbrances (which may rank pari passu with the Encumbrances created by the Security Documents) securing Debt described in paragraph (k) of the defined term Permitted Debt contained in Section 1.01; (oo) (aa) bankers Encumbrances, rights of setoff and other similar Encumbrances existing sole with respect to accounts and cash and cash equivalents on deposit in accounts (including any restriction on the use of such cash and cash equivalents or investment property), in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the banks or other financial or depositary institution with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such Person with respect to cash management services (including operating account arrangements and those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements); provided that, unless such Encumbrances arise by operation of applicable law, in no case shall any such Encumbrances secure (either directly or indirectly) any Debt for borrowed money; (pp) (bb) Encumbrances not otherwise permitted above securing obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed U.S. 120,000,000 at any time; and (qq) (cc) any extension, renewal or replacement of any of the foregoing. 

- 35 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Permitted Exceptions means, as to any Asset of a Loan Party that would otherwise be required to constitute Collateral, in each case as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (after consultation with Open Text), that such Asset shall not be required to constitute Collateral if (a) the costs of obtaining or granting of such security interest or other applicable Encumbrance at Law are excessive in relation to the value of the security to be afforded thereby, (b) material adverse tax consequences would result from the grant of such security interest or other applicable Encumbrance at Law therein (including that no grant of any security interest is made of the Equity Securities of any non-U.S. entity treated as a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code to the extent the Equity Securities of such non-U.S. entity are held by a U.S. entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes), or (c) the granting of any Encumbrance or security interest in such Asset would constitute or result in the abandonment, invalidation, unenforceability of, or result in any breach, termination or default under, in each case, any Loan Party s interest in such Asset, or any agreements relating to any Loan Party s interest therein, as applicable after application of the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable Law that has the effect of invalidating anti-assignment provisions in contracts and applicable Laws; provided, that if the foregoing provisions of clause (c) are applicable, such Asset and the proceeds of such Asset shall be subject to a trust if not prohibited by Law or by the terms of such Asset in favour of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders (which trust, for clarification, prior to the security interest which would otherwise be granted in or made with respect to such Asset becoming enforceable, shall not prohibit or limit a Loan Party s use and dealing with such Asset and proceeds except to the extent provided for herein); and, provided further that, for clarification, if any leasehold interest of any Loan Party shall constitute Collateral, the security therein shall not be registered against the related real property and the Loan Parties shall not be required to arrange or deliver title insurance or title opinions, surveys or other ancillaries relating thereto. Permitted Investments means: (rr) (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the Government of Canada or of any Canadian province (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the Government of Canada or of such Canadian province), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; (ss) (b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and rated, at such date of acquisition, at least Prime 1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or A (or the then equivalent grade) by S P or R-1 Low (or the then equivalent) by DBRS; (tt) (c) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances, commercial paper and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of Canada or of any Canadian province having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating on its long-term unsecured debt of at least A- by S - 36 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (uu) (d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; (vv) (e) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the Government of the United States of America or any U.S. State or territory (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the Government of the United States of America) or, in the case of any Subsidiary located outside of the United States and Canada, by any member state of the European Union, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; (ww) (f) investments in time deposit accounts, term deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, money-market deposits, bankers acceptances and obligations maturing not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any bank or trust company which is organized under the laws of any member state of the European Union, and which bank or trust company has, or the obligations of which bank or trust company are guaranteed by a bank or trust company which has, capital, surplus and undivided profits in excess of U.S. 500,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in Euros or Sterling) and has outstanding debt which is rated A (or such similar equivalent rating) or higher by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Rule 436 under the Securities Act) or by DBRS; and (xx) (g) other investments to the extent permitted under the investment policy of Open Text, which investments shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and not objected to by the Majority Lenders within five Business Days following notice thereof, in reasonable detail, to the Lenders. Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. Plan means at any time an employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan, but not a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code and either (i) is maintained by any member of the ERISA Group for employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained by any entity which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any entity which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group, and excludes any Canadian Benefit Plan. Platform has the meaning specified in Section 13.01(2). Pledged Account Bank has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(15)(c)(i). Pledged Deposit Account means each deposit account as to which a U.S. Grantor has complied with the requirements of Section 6.01(15)(c) of this Agreement. PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) and the regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect, provided, however, if attachment, perfection or priority of the Administrative Agent s or the Collateral Agent s security interests in any - 37 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Collateral are governed by the personal property security laws of any jurisdiction other than Ontario, PPSA shall mean those personal property security laws in such other jurisdiction for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for the definitions related to such provisions. Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Prohibited Transaction means any prohibited transaction as defined in Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 406 of ERISA for which neither an individual nor a class exemption has been issued by the United States Department of Labor. PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. Public Information means any information, data or materials regarding any Loan Party that is either (a) publicly available or (b) not material with respect to any Loan Party, any of its subsidiaries or any of its securities for purposes of United States or Canadian federal, state or provincial securities laws. Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 13.01(2). Purchase Money Mortgage means, in respect of any Person, any Encumbrance charging property acquired by such Person, which is granted or assumed by such Person, reserved by the transferor (including, Capital Lease Obligations) or which arises by operation of Law in favour of the transferor concurrently with and for the purpose of the acquisition of such property, in each case where (i) the principal amount secured by such Encumbrance is not in excess of the cost to such Person of the property acquired; and (ii) such Encumbrance extends only to the property acquired. Qualified ECP Guarantor means, at any time, each Guarantor with total assets exceeding U.S. 10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and, in each case, can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Refinancing Debt means, without duplication, Debt that refunds, refinances, extends or all of the proceeds from which are used to repay (in whole or in part) any Permitted Debt but only to the extent that (a) such Refinancing Debt is subordinated to the Debt hereunder at least to the same extent as the Debt being refunded, refinanced or extended, if at all; (b) the principal amount of such Refinancing Debt has a weighted average life to maturity not less than the weighted average life to maturity of the Debt being refunded, refinanced or extended and is scheduled to mature no earlier than the Debt being - 38 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 refunded, refinanced or extended; (c) such Refinancing Debt is in an aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, an aggregate issue price) that is equal to or less than the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount (or, if issued with original issue discount, the aggregate accreted value) of the Debt being refunded, refinanced or extended and the amount of any premium reasonably necessary to accomplish such refinancing, (y) the amount of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and premiums owed, if any, not in excess of pre-existing prepayment provisions on such Debt being refunded, refinanced or extended, and (z) the amount of customary fees, expenses and costs related to the incurrence of such Refinancing Debt; and (d) such Refinancing Debt is incurred by the same Person or (i) if such Debt is of a Loan Party, by another Loan Party or (ii) if such Debt is of a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party, by a Person that is not a Loan Party. Register has the meaning specified in Section 15.01(4). Registered Intellectual Property means any Intellectual Property in respect of which ownership, title, security interests, charges or encumbrances are registered, recorded or noted with any Governmental Authority pursuant to Law. Regulation U means Regulation U or X as promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended from time to time. Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates (to the extent that such Affiliates are directly involved in the transactions pursuant to the Credit Documents) and the directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Release when used as a verb includes release, spill, leak, emit, deposit, discharge, leach, migrate or dispose into the environment and the term Release when used as a noun has a correlative meaning, but does not include any release, spill, leak, emission, deposit, discharge, leach, migration or disposition pursuant to a valid Environmental Permit or in accordance with Environmental Laws. Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Remaining Lender means each Lender that is also an Existing Term Lender. Reorganization means the reorganization pursuant to which the organization structure of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries will be as set forth on Schedule F(ii) hereto. Reorganization Completion Date means the date on which the transactions contemplated by the Reorganization have been completed. Repricing Transaction means each of (a) the prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution or replacement of all or a portion of the Term Loans substantially 

- 39 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 concurrently with the incurrence by any Loan Party of any secured term loans having an Effective Yield that is less than the Effective Yield applicable to such Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced and (b) any amendment, waiver or other modification to this Agreement that would have the effect of reducing the Effective Yield of the Term Loans; provided that the primary purpose of such prepayment, repayment, refinancing, substitution, replacement, amendment, waiver or other modification was to reduce the Effective Yield of the Term Loans. Responsible Officer means, with respect to any corporation, the chairman, the president, any vice president, the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer or the chief financial officer, and, in respect of financial or accounting matters, any Financial Officer of such corporation; unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Responsible Officer mean a Responsible Officer of Open Text. Restricted Payment means, with respect to any Person, any payment by such Person (i) of any dividends on any of its Equity Securities, (ii) on account of, or for the purpose of setting apart any property for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of any of its Equity Securities or any warrants, options or rights to acquire any such shares, or the making by such Person of any other distribution in respect of any of its Equity Securities, (iii) of any principal of or interest or premium on or of any amount in respect of a sinking or analogous fund or defeasance fund for any Debt of such Person, (iv) of any principal of or interest or premium on or of any amount in respect of a sinking or analogous fund or defeasance fund for any Debt of such Person to a shareholder of such Person or to an Affiliate of a shareholder of such Person, or (v) of any management, consulting or similar fee or any bonus payment or comparable payment, or by way of gift or other gratuity, to any Affiliate of such Person or to any director or officer thereof (except as permitted pursuant to Section 6.02(8)). For the avoidance of doubt, (x) payments among the Loan Parties and (y) repayments of (1) intercompany Debt that is owing to any Loan Party, (2) intercompany Debt owing by any Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party to any other Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party, (3) unsecured intercompany Debt payable that is owing to any Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party by any Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party, but that subsequently becomes a Loan Party, or (4) unsecured intercompany Debt that is owing by any Loan Party to any Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party, shall not, together with the interest payable on any such Debt, in any such case, constitute a Restricted Payment, provided that, in the case of the foregoing clauses (3) (upon the obligor Subsidiary becoming a Loan Party) and (4), such Debt shall expressly provide that no payments thereunder shall be made by any Loan Party at any time during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or to the extent that a Default or an Event of Default would result therefrom pursuant to customary subordination arrangements. Revolving Commitments has the meaning specified in the Revolving Credit Agreement. Revolving Credit Agreement means that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement initially dated as of October 2, 2006, as amended as of February 15, 2007 and - 40 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 as of September 24, 2009, as amended and restated as of November 9, 2011, as amended as of December 16, 2013 and as of December 22, 2014, as further amended and restated as of January 15, 2015, as amended as of June 16, 2016, as of February 1, 2017, as amended as of May 5, 2017, and as of September 6, 2017 and as further amended and restated as of the Closing Date by and among Open Text ULC, the affiliates of Open Text ULC party thereto (including Open Text), the Revolving Credit Agreement Agent, the financial institutions party thereto and the lenders party thereto from time to time, as such Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement may be further amended, supplemented, restated, amended and restated or modified from time to time in accordance with Section 6.02(14). Revolving Credit Agreement Agent means Barclays Bank PLC, or its successor in interest, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Revolving Credit Agreement. S P means Standard and Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. Sale-Leaseback Transaction means, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect arrangement entered into after the Closing Date pursuant to which such Person transfers or causes the transfer of any Assets to another Person and leases such Assets back from such Person as a Capital Lease Obligation. Sanctions has the meaning specified in Section 5.01(27). Secured Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 21.01. Securities means: (yy) (a) a document that is (i) issued in bearer, order or registered form, (ii) of a type commonly dealt in upon securities exchanges or markets or commonly recognized in any area in which it is issued or dealt in as a medium for investment, (iii) one of a class or series or by its terms is divisible into a class or series of documents, and (iv) evidence of a share, participation or other interest in property or in any enterprise or is evidence of an obligation of the issuer and includes an uncertificated security; and (zz) (b) a share, participation or other interest in a Person; but excludes (aaa) (c) any ULC Shares. Securitization means a public or private offering by a Lender or any of its Affiliates or their respective successors and assigns, of securities which represent an interest in, or which are collateralized, in whole or in part, by the Accommodations. Security has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(1). Security Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(1)(b). - 41 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Security Documents means the Intercreditor Agreement, the agreements described in Section 2.11 and any other security granted to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, including pursuant to Section 6.01(15), as security for the Secured Obligations of any of the Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Security and Pledge Agreement means the Security and Pledge Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2014, between the U.S Grantors and the Collateral Agent. S P means Standard and Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, IncSOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding U.S. Government Securities Business Day. SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. SOFR Advances means an Advance that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR, other than, in each case, pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate . SOFR Rate Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . Solvent and Solvency mean, (a) with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a particular date, (i) the fair value of the assets (on a going concern basis) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, exceeds, on a consolidated basis, their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property (on a going concern basis) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability, on a consolidated basis, of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured in the ordinary course of business, (iii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such liabilities become absolute and matured in the ordinary course of business and (iv) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are not engaged in, and are not about to engage in, business contemplated as of such date for - 42 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 which they have unreasonably small capital and (b) with respect to Open Text and its Subsidiaries on a particular date, that on such date, (i) the aggregate of the property of Open Text and its Subsidiaries is, at a fair valuation, sufficient, or, if disposed of at a fairly conducted sale under legal process, would be sufficient, to enable payment of all their obligations, due and accruing due, (ii) Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are paying their current obligations in the ordinary course of business as they generally became due and (iii) Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are able to meet their obligations as they generally become due. Specified Loan Party has the meaning specified in Section 21.13. Specified Representations means the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Section 5.01(1) (as to organizational incorporation and qualification), Section 5.01(2) (as to corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its applicable obligations under the Credit Documents), Section 5.01(3) (as to absence of conflict with constating documents), Sections 5.01(4) and 5.01(5) (as they relate to due execution, delivery, authorization and enforceability of the Credit Documents), Section 5.01(25) (as to the Solvency of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or on a consolidated basis, as applicable), Section 5.01(23) (as to margin regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), Section 5.01(24) (as to the Investment Company Act of 1940), Section 5.01(27) (as to OFAC and the USA PATRIOT Act, but only to the extent it would be unlawful for the Lenders to extend any Advance on the Closing Date). Subsidiary means, at any time, as to any Person, any corporation, company or other Person, if at such time the first mentioned Person owns, directly or indirectly, securities or other ownership interests in such corporation, company or other Person having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or persons performing similar functions for such corporation, company or other Person. Synthetic Debt means, with respect to any Person, without duplication of any clause within the definition of Debt , all (i) obligations of such Person under any lease that is treated as an operating lease for financial accounting purposes and a financing lease for tax purposes (i.e., a synthetic lease ), (ii) obligations of such Person in respect of transactions entered into by such Person (other than deposit liabilities), the proceeds from which would be reflected on the financial statements of such Person in accordance with GAAP as cash flows from financings at the time such transaction was entered into (other than as a result of equity contributions or the issuance of equity interests) and (iii) obligations of such Person in respect of other transactions entered into by such Person that are not otherwise addressed in the definition of Debt or in clause (i) or (ii) above that are intended to function primarily as a borrowing of funds (including any minority interest transactions that function primarily as a borrowing). Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

- 43 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Advance or Borrowing, refers to whether such Advance, or the Advances comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR. Term Loan Advance means an Advance under the Term Loan Facility. Term Loan Commitment has the meaning specified in the definition of Commitment herein. Term Loan Facility means the term loan facility made available to the Borrower in accordance with Article 2 and Section 3.01. Term Loan Lender means a Lender that has a Term Loan Commitment or Term Loan Advance outstanding. Term Loan Repayment Date means the seventh anniversary of the Closing Date. Term Loans means, collectively, (a) the Term Loan Advances made by the Term Loan Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.01(1), and (b) the loans deemed to have been made in exchange for Existing Term Loans in accordance with the Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange contemplated by Section 3.01(3). Term SOFR means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Advance, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Advance on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the - 44 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR Rate SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Administrator means the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Advance means an Advance that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR. Term SOFR Reference Rate means the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Type has the meaning specified in the definition of Accommodation or Advance , as the case may be, herein. UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the jurisdiction of organization of any applicable Loan Party. ULC has the meaning specified in the definition of ULC Shares . ULC Shares means shares or other equity interests issued by an unlimited company or an unlimited liability company or unlimited liability corporation incorporated or otherwise governed by the laws of any of the provinces of Canada (each, a ULC (other than any shares or other equity interests issued by Open Text ULC, an unlimited liability company governed by the laws of Nova Scotia, or any successor thereof which is a ULC). Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unmatured Surviving Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(15)(c). Unrestricted Cash means, at any time when Consolidated Cash and Permitted Investments held in accounts on the consolidated balance sheet of Open Text as at such date to the extent that such cash and Cash Equivalents would not be required to be classified as restricted in accordance with GAAP (other than related to the Credit Documents (or the Liens created thereunder)). U.S. Dollars and U.S. each mean the lawful money of the United States. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. - 45 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 U.S. Grantor means Borrower and any other Guarantor organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located within the United States. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. Section 1.02 Gender and Number Any reference in the Credit Documents to gender includes all genders, and words importing the singular number only include the plural and vice versa. Section 1.03 Interpretation not Affected by Headings, etc. The provisions of a table of contents, the division of this Agreement into Articles and Sections and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. Section 1.04 Currency All references in the Credit Documents to dollars or , unless otherwise specifically indicated, are expressed in U.S. . Section 1.05 Certain Phrases, etc. In any Credit Document (i) (y) the words including and includes mean including (or includes) without limitation and (z) the phrase the aggregate of, the total of , the sum of , or a phrase of similar meaning means the aggregate (or total or sum), without duplication, of , and (ii) in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, unless otherwise expressly stated, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each mean to (or until) but excluding . Section 1.06 Accounting Terms All accounting terms not specifically defined in this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with GAAP. Section 1.07 Non-Business Days Whenever any payment is stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made (except as herein otherwise expressly provided in respect of any LIBOR Advance) on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of interest or Fees, as the case may be. - 46 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 1.08 Ratable Portion of Accommodations References in this Agreement to a Lender s ratable portion of Advances or ratable share of payments of principal, interest, Fees or any other amount, shall mean and refer to a ratable portion or share as nearly as may be ratable in the circumstances, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent. Each such determination by the Administrative Agent shall be prima facie evidence of such ratable share. Section 1.09 Incorporation of Schedules The schedules attached to this Agreement shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, form an integral part of it. Section 1.10 Control of Equity Securities Any reference to control when used in the Credit Documents in reference to Equity Securities constituting Collateral shall be interpreted by reference to the Securities Transfer Act (Ontario), the UCC or other relevant Law in effect in the jurisdiction governing the perfection of a security interest in such Collateral. Section 1.11 Effectiveness of Amendment and Restatement This Agreement and the other Credit Documents, shall, except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, supersede the Existing Credit Agreement and all other agreements between the parties with respect to the Term Loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the Closing Date. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree, however, that (a) this Agreement and all other Credit Documents executed and delivered herewith do not constitute a novation or termination of the obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents as in effect prior to the Closing Date, (b) except as set forth in Article 22 and the 2018 Release Documents, such obligations are in all respects continuing with only the terms being modified as provided in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, (c) except as expressly set forth in Article 22 and the 2018 Release Documents, the security interests and other Encumbrances created under the Security Documents prior to the date hereof in favour of the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) or Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent (under the Existing Credit Agreement) for the benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Documents) securing payment of such obligations are in all respects continuing in full force and effect, and (d) all references in the other Credit Documents (i) to the Existing Credit Agreement or Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer without further amendment to this Agreement, (ii) to the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to refer without further amendment to the Administrative Agent as defined in this Agreement, (iii) to the Lenders or a Lender shall be deemed to refer without further amendment to the Lenders as defined in this Agreement, and (iv) to the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to refer without further amendment to the Collateral Agent as defined in this Agreement. Section 1.12 Quebec Interpretation Clause For purposes of any property located in the Province of Quebec or charged by any deed of hypothec (or any other Credit Document governed by the laws of the Province of Quebec) and 

- 47 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 for all other purposes pursuant to which the interpretation or construction of a Credit Document may be subject to the laws of the Province of Quebec or a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in the Province of Quebec, (a) personal property shall be deemed to include movable property , (b) real property shall be deemed to include immovable property , (c) tangible property shall be deemed to include corporeal property , (d) intangible property shall be deemed to include incorporeal property , (e) security interest , mortgage and lien shall be deemed to include a hypothec , prior claim and a resolutory clause, (f) all references to filing, registering or recording under the UCC or the PPSA shall be deemed to include publication under the Civil Code of Qu bec, (g) all references to perfection of or perfected Liens shall be deemed to include a reference to an opposable or set up Lien as against third parties, (h) any right of offset , right of setoff or similar expression shall be deemed to include a right of compensation , (i) goods shall be deemed to include corporeal movable property other than chattel paper, documents of title, instruments, money and securities, (j) an agent shall be deemed to include a mandatary, (k) construction liens shall be deemed to include legal hypothecs , (l) joint and several shall be deemed to include solidary and jointly and severally shall be deemed to include solidarily (m) gross negligence or willful misconduct shall be deemed to be intentional or gross fault , (n) beneficial ownership shall be deemed to include ownership , (o) easement shall be deemed to include servitude , (p) priority shall be deemed to include rank or prior claim , as applicable (q) survey shall be deemed to include certificate of location and plan , (r) fee simple title shall be deemed to include absolute ownership , (s) leasehold interest shall be deemed to include rights resulting from a lease , and (t) lease shall be deemed to include a contract of leasing (cr dit-bail) . Section 1.13 Rates The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to ABR Rate, any Term Benchmark or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, ABR Rate, any Term Benchmark or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of ABR Rate, any Term Benchmark, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner that may be adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain ABR Rate, any Term Benchmark or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. - 48 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 ARTICLE 2 CREDIT FACILITY Section 2.01 Availability (1) Each Term Loan Lender individually, and not jointly and severally, agrees, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to make Accommodations ratably to the Borrower in accordance with such Lender s Term Loan Commitment, and as contemplated in Section 3.01. (2) Accommodations under the Term Loan Facility shall be made available as ABR Advances and LIBORSOFR Advances on the terms set forth herein. (3) The failure of any Lender to make an Accommodation shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, in connection with any such Accommodation, but no Lender is responsible for any other Lender s failure in respect of such Accommodation. (4) The Borrower shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time prior to the maturity of the Term Loan Facility, to increase the Commitments and Term Loan Advances under the Term Loan Facility or create a new tranche of Term Loan Advances in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) U.S. 250,000,000 plus (a) additional amounts so long as, in the case of this clause (ii), the Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (determined on a pro forma basis (A) giving effect to the incurrence of such Debt and any Debt which would constitute Consolidated Net Debt for Borrowed Money that has been incurred, prepaid or repaid since the end of the most recent Measurement Period for which financial statements are available (assuming such Commitments or Term Loan Advances are fully drawn but excluding any proceeds thereof from Unrestricted Cash) and (B) excluding, in the calculation of such Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio, any Debt concurrently incurred under the foregoing clause (i) from Consolidated Net Debt for Borrowed Money) would not exceed 2.75:1.00 (an Incremental Term Facility provided that the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may reclassify any Debt incurred under the foregoing clause (i) as having been incurred under the foregoing clause (ii) subject to compliance, at the time of such reclassification, with the requirements of such clause (ii); provided further that: (b) (a) No Event of Default exists or would exist after giving effect thereto (except in the case of an Incremental Term Facility used to finance a Permitted Acquisition, in which circumstances, no Default or Event of Default under Section 7.01(1)(a), Section 7.01(1)(b) or Section 7.01(1)(l) exists or would exist after giving effect thereto) and all applicable representations and warranties pursuant to Article 5 shall be true and correct in all material respects on the date of the funding thereof (except in the case of an Incremental Term Facility used to finance a Permitted Acquisition, in which circumstances, the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects; (c) (b) Open Text will be in compliance on a pro forma basis with the financial covenant in Section 6.03 after giving effect to such Incremental Term Facility (assuming the Commitments thereunder are fully drawn); (d) (c) Advances and Commitments made by way of an increase to the Term Loan Commitment shall be on terms (including currency and Effective Yield) and conditions identical to those applicable to the then-existing Term Loan Facility; - 49 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (e) (d) In regard to Advances and Commitments made by way of a new tranche of Term Loan Advances, the Effective Yield for the Incremental Term Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders of the Incremental Term Facility; provided that in the event that the Effective Yield for any Incremental Term Facility incurred during the first 18 months following the Closing Date is greater than the Effective Yield for the Term Loan Facility, then the Effective Yield for the Term Loan Facility shall be increased to the extent necessary so that the Effective Yield for such Incremental Term Facility is not more than 50 basis points higher than the Effective Yield for the Term Loan Facility unless the Applicable Margins for the Term Loan Facility are increased by an amount equal to the difference between the Effective Yield for such Incremental Term Loan and the corresponding Effective Yield for the Term Loan Facility minus 50 basis points; provided further, that such Advances and Commitments shall be on terms and conditions otherwise substantially similar to those applicable to the then-existing Term Loan Facility and, to the extent not so substantially similar with the then-existing Term Loan Facility, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; (f) (e) Such increased amounts will be provided by the existing Lenders or new financial institutions that become Lenders under the Incremental Term Facility (such new financial institutions to be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), provided that no existing Lender will be obligated to provide any such Incremental Term Facility; (g) (f) The Incremental Term Loans will not in any event have a maturity date that is earlier than the Term Loan Repayment Date or a weighted average life to maturity shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of the then-existing Term Loan Facility; and (h) (g) The Administrative Agent shall have received such other corporate authorizations, opinions, or documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. Section 2.02 Commitments and Facility Limits (1) [Reserved]. (2) The Term Loan Facility shall not revolve and any amount repaid or prepaid, as the case may be, under the Term Loan Facility cannot be reborrowed. (3) Accommodations under the Term Loan Facility shall be made available in a single drawing on the Closing Date, including by way of the deemed exchange of Existing Term Loans for Term Loans pursuant to the Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange in accordance with Section 3.01(1). The unused portion of the Term Loan Commitment shall be permanently cancelled on the Closing Date and the Term Loan Commitment shall be permanently reduced by the amount by which the Accommodations Outstanding under the Term Loan Facility on such date are less than the Term Loan Commitment on such date. (4) A conversion from one Type of Accommodation to another Type of Accommodation shall not constitute a repayment or prepayment. - 50 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 December 31, 2019 0.25 December 31, 2018 March 31, 2020 0.25 0.25 June 30, 2018 June 30, 2020 0.25 March 31, 2019 0.25 September 30, 2020 0.25 0.25 Financial Quarter Ending December 31, 2020 0.25 June 30, 2019 March 31, 2021 0.25 0.25 September 30, 2018 Percentage of Term Loan Facility Reference Amount September 30, 2019 0.25 0.25 Section 2.03 Use of Proceeds The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Borrowing under the Term Loan Facility (i) to refinance the Existing Term Loans (including in respect of the Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange), (ii) to repay any amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Agreement and (iii) for other general corporate purposes. Section 2.04 Mandatory Repayments and Reductions of Commitments The Borrower shall repay (subject to Section 7.01) the Accommodations Outstanding under the Term Loan Facility in quarterly instalments equal to the rates set out below multiplied by the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans on the Closing Date (after giving effect to (a) the Advances made pursuant to Section 3.01(1) and (b) the Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange), in each case, on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, with the balance payable on the Term Loan Repayment Date. The amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.04 shall be reduced by each prepayment, (if any), of principal under the Term Loan Facility pursuant to Section 2.09. 

- 51 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 0.25 0.25 September 30, 2023 0.25 Percentage of Term Loan Facility Reference Amount December 31, 2023 June 30, 2022 0.25 September 30, 2021 0.25 March 31, 2024 0.25 0.25 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2022 0.25 0.25 September 30, 2024 0.25 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2022 0.25 December 31, 2021 0.25 March 31, 2025 June 30, 2021 0.25 0.25 Relevant Repayment Date of Term Loan Facility March 31, 2023 93.00 Financial Quarter Ending Section 2.05 Mandatory Prepayments/Offers to Prepay (1) Unless a Mandatory Prepayment Suspension is in effect, an amount equal to the Net Proceeds from any Disposition of any Assets (other than Permitted Dispositions, unless such Permitted Disposition is made under clause (iv) of the definition thereof) in excess of U.S. 100,000,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency) in the aggregate in each Financial Year (whether individually or in the aggregate) by any Loan Party shall be applied within 10 0.25 0.25 June 30, 2023 March 31, 2022 - 52 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Business Days of receipt thereof, to the prepayment of Accommodations Outstanding under the Term Loan Facility in accordance with Section 2.09 hereof; provided, that if, for any Financial Year, the threshold amount specified above exceeds the aggregate amount of applicable Dispositions made by Open Text and its Subsidiaries, as determined on a consolidated basis during such Financial Year, the threshold amount set forth above for the succeeding Financial Year shall be increased by 50 of such excess amount; provided, further that if notice of the Borrower s intention to reinvest such Net Proceeds in the Business of the Loan Parties within 365 days of receipt thereof is delivered to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days of receipt thereof, such Net Proceeds shall not be applied to prepayment of the Accommodations Outstanding as set forth in this Section 2.05(1); provided further that if, after delivery of such notice of intention to reinvest such Net Proceeds any such Net Proceeds are (i) no longer intended to be so reinvested or (ii) such Net Proceeds are not so reinvested in the Business of the Loan Parties within 365 days of receipt thereof, then an amount equal to any such Net Proceeds shall be immediately applied to the prepayment of the Accommodations Outstanding under the Term Loan Facility as set forth in this Section 2.05(1); provided however that if, during such 365 day period, the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to reinvest such Net Proceeds, the Borrower shall have an additional 180 days from the end of such 365 day period to reinvest such Net Proceeds. (2) Unless a Mandatory Prepayment Suspension is in effect, an amount equal to the Net Proceeds of any Debt other than Permitted Debt shall be applied ratably to the prepayment of Accommodations Outstanding under the Term Loan Facility ratably in accordance with Section 2.09 hereof. (3) Unless a Mandatory Prepayment Suspension is in effect, an amount equal to the Net Proceeds of any insurance required to be maintained pursuant to Article 6 (other than business interruption insurance) received by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries on account of each separate loss, damage or injury to any part of the Collateral in excess of U.S. 50,000,000 (unless such proceeds or an amount not less than such proceeds shall have been expended or committed by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary for the repair or replacement of such property within 365 days of receipt of such Net Proceeds), shall be applied (or to the extent the Administrative Agent or the Lenders are loss payees under any insurance policy, the Administrative Agent is hereby irrevocably directed to apply such Net Proceeds) ratably to the prepayment of Accommodations Outstanding under the Term Loan Facility in accordance with Section 2.09 hereof; provided however that if, during such 365 day period, the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to repair or replace such property with such Net Proceeds, the Borrower shall have an additional 180 days from the end of such 365 day period to repair or replace such property with such Net Proceeds. The Borrower shall offer to prepay all Accommodations Outstanding upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, which offer shall be at 100 of the principal amount of the Accommodations Outstanding, plus, in each case, any accrued and unpaid interest, such prepayment to be applied in accordance with Sections 2.08 and 2.09. Any Lender accepting such offer shall be prepaid in full; provided that if the Majority Lenders shall have accepted such offer, then all Lenders shall be deemed to have accepted such offer and the Borrower shall prepay all outstanding amounts under the Term Loan Facility (including the principal amount of all - 53 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Accommodations Outstanding plus any accrued and unpaid interest and fees), with such prepayments to be applied in accordance with Sections 2.08 and 2.09. Section 2.06 Optional Prepayments and Reductions of Commitments The Borrower may, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, prepay Accommodations Outstanding under the Term Loan Facility at any time without premium or penalty (other than breakage costs, if any, payable pursuant to Section 8.01(3)); provided that prior to the date that is 6 months after the Closing Date, if the Borrower (x) prepays, repays, refinances, substitutes or replaces any Term Loans in connection with a Repricing Transaction (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.05(2) that constitutes a Repricing Transaction), or (y) effects any amendment, modification or waiver of, or consent under, this Agreement resulting in a Repricing Transaction, such Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable Lenders, (I) in the case of clause (x), a premium of 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans so prepaid, repaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced (plus all accrued and unpaid interest and breakage costs, if any, payable pursuant to Section 8.01(2)) and (II) in the case of clause (y), a fee equal to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Term Loans that are the subject of such Repricing Transaction outstanding immediately prior to such amendment, modification, waiver or consent. In such case, the Borrower shall pay to the applicable Lenders in accordance with such notice the amount of such prepayment or the amount by which the Accommodations Outstanding under the Credit Facility exceed the proposed reduced Commitment, as the case may be, together with, in respect of LIBORSOFR Advances, breakage costs related to prepayments not made on the last day of the relevant interest period. Each partial prepayment or reduction shall be in a minimum aggregate principal amount of U.S. 5,000,000 and in an integral multiple of U.S. 1,000,000. Section 2.07 Fees Open Text shall pay an annual administrative fee to the Administrative Agent in an amount as agreed to by Open Text and the Administrative Agent. Section 2.08 Payments under this Agreement (1) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the Borrower shall make any payment required to be made by it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by depositing the amount of the payment in the relevant currency to the Borrower s Account not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the date the payment is due. The Borrower shall make each such payment in U.S. Dollars. In respect of the Term Loan Facility, the Administrative Agent shall distribute to each applicable Lender, promptly on the date of receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment, an amount equal to the amount then due each such Lender. (2) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall make Accommodations under the Term Loan Facility and other payments to the Borrower under this Agreement by crediting the Borrower s Account (or causing the Borrower s Account to be credited) with, or by wire transferring to such account(s) as may be directed by the Borrower, the amount of the payment not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date the payment is to be made. - 54 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (3) The Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender, if and to the extent any payment owed to such Lender by the Borrower is not made to the Administrative Agent when due, to charge from time to time any amount due against any or all of the Borrower s accounts with such Lender upon notice to the Borrower. Section 2.09 Application of Payments and Prepayments (1) Each prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(1), Section 2.05(2), Section 2.05(3), or Section 2.06 shall be applied ratably to the repayments pursuant to Section 2.04. (2) All amounts received by the Administrative Agent from or on behalf of a Borrower and not previously applied pursuant to this Agreement shall be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows (i) first, in reduction of the Borrower s obligation to pay any unpaid interest and any Fees which are due and owing; (ii) second, in reduction of the Borrower s obligation to pay any claims or losses referred to in Section 14.01; (iii) third, in reduction of the Borrower s obligation to pay any amounts due and owing on account of any unpaid principal amount of Advances and Obligations arising under Eligible Cash Management Agreements and Eligible Hedging Agreements, in each case, which are due and owing; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising under Eligible Cash Management Agreements and Eligible Hedging Agreements shall be excluded from any such application if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Lender, as the case may be; (iv) fourth, in reduction of the Borrower s obligation to pay any other unpaid Accommodations Outstanding which are due and owing; (v) fifth, in reduction of any other obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents; and (vi) seventh, to the Borrower or such other Persons as may lawfully be entitled to or directed by a Borrower to receive the remainder. Section 2.10 Computations of Interest and Fees (1) All computations of interest shall be made by the Administrative Agent taking into account the actual number of days occurring in the period for which such interest is payable pursuant to Section 3.05, and (i) if based on the ABR Rate, a year of 365 days or 366 days, as the case may be; or (ii) if based on the EurodollarTerm SOFR Reference Rate, on the basis of a year of 360 days. (2) All computations of Fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, taking into account the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such fees are payable. (3) For purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever any interest or Fee under this Agreement is calculated using a rate based on a number of days less than a full year, such rate determined pursuant to such calculation, when expressed as an annual rate, is equivalent to (x) the applicable rate, (y) multiplied by the actual number of days in the calendar year in which the period for which such interest or fee is payable (or compounded) ends, and (z) divided by the number of days comprising such calculation basis; (ii) the principle of deemed reinvestment of 

- 55 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 interest does not apply to any interest calculation under this Agreement; and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated in this Agreement are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields. (4) If any provision of this Agreement or of any of the other Credit Documents would obligate a Loan Party to make any payment of interest or other amount payable to any Lender in an amount or calculated at a rate which would be prohibited by Law or would result in a receipt by such Lender of interest at a criminal rate (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)) then, notwithstanding such provisions, such amount or rate shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by Law or so result in a receipt by such Lender of interest at a criminal rate, such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary, as follows: (1) firstly, by reducing the amount or rate of interest required to be paid to such Lender under the applicable Credit Document, and (2) thereafter, by reducing any fees, commissions, premiums and other amounts required to be paid to such Lender which would constitute interest for purposes of Section 347 of the Criminal Code (Canada). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and after giving effect to all adjustments contemplated thereby, if a Lender shall have received an amount in excess of the maximum permitted by that section of the Criminal Code (Canada), the Loan Party paying the amount shall be entitled, by notice in writing to such Lender, to obtain reimbursement from such Lender in an amount equal to such excess and, pending such reimbursement, such amount shall be deemed to be an amount payable by such Lender to the Borrower or Guarantor. Any amount or rate of interest referred to in this Section 2.10(4) shall be determined in accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices and principles as an effective annual rate of interest over the term that the applicable Accommodations Outstanding remain outstanding on the assumption that any charges, fees or expenses that fall within the meaning of interest (as defined in the Criminal Code (Canada)) shall, if they relate to a specific period of time, be pro-rated over that period of time and otherwise be pro-rated over the period from the date of this Agreement to the Term Loan Repayment Date and, in the event of a dispute, a certificate of a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries appointed by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive for the purposes of such determination. (5) Each of the Loan Parties confirms that it fully understands and is able to calculate the rate of interest applicable to the Term Loan Facility based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates provided for in this Section 2.10. The relevant Administrative Agent agrees that if requested in writing by the Borrower it shall calculate the nominal and effective per annum rate of interest on any Accommodations Outstanding at any time and provide such information to the Borrower promptly following such request; provided that any error in any such calculation, or any failure to provide such information on request, shall not relieve the Borrower or any other Loan Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, nor result in any liability to the Administrative Agent or any Lender. Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, whether by way of defence or otherwise, in any proceeding relating to the Credit Documents, that the interest payable under the Credit Documents and the calculations thereof has not been adequately disclosed to the Loan Parties, whether pursuant to section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada) or any other applicable law or legal principle. - 56 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 2.11 Security (1) In each case subject to Permitted Exceptions, by the applicable dates specified below, the Borrower shall provide or cause to be provided by the Guarantors, in each case, to the Administrative Agent, for and on behalf of the Lenders, as continuing collateral security for the present and future indebtedness and liability of the Borrower and the obligations of the Guarantors under the Guarantees, respectively, to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, the following security (the Security ), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, together with any relevant reasonably required power of attorney, registrations, filings and other supporting documentation deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent or its counsel to perfect the same or otherwise in respect thereof: (a) a Guarantee, which guarantees shall be reaffirmed as of the Closing Date pursuant to Section 22.01; (b) general security agreements (which, for greater certainty, shall not include a hypothec with respect to moveable property located in the Province of Qu bec) dated as of January 16, 2014 or thereafter if such person became a Loan Party thereafter, and reaffirmed as of the Closing Date pursuant to Section 22.01, constituting a security interest in all personal property (or moveable property, as applicable) and assets of the Loan Parties (including all contract rights, inventory, accounts, general intangibles, Equity Securities, deposit accounts, trademarks, trade names, other intellectual property, equipment and proceeds of the foregoing), which security interest shall be of first priority, subject, if and to the extent applicable, to any Permitted Encumbrances (each being a Security Agreement ), and subject to the grace periods specified in each Security Agreement and in connection with deposit accounts, Section 6.01(15)(c), with respect to items of Collateral that cannot be perfected by the filing of a PPSA or UCC financing statement; and (c) within 60 days following (x) the Closing Date or (y) the acquisition of any Material Owned Real Property, debentures, mortgages, deeds of trust or deeds to secure debt (or immoveable hypothec, as applicable) constituting a charge on such real property (or immoveable property, as applicable) of the Loan Parties (as determined by the Administrative Agent), which charge shall be a first ranking and exclusive charge, subject, if and to the extent applicable, to any Permitted Encumbrances (each being a Debenture ). (2) Subject to Permitted Exceptions, Open Text will from time to time at its expense duly authorize, execute and deliver (or cause the applicable Loan Party to authorize, execute and deliver) to the Administrative Agent such further instruments and documents and take such further action as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request for the purpose of obtaining or preserving the full benefits granted or intended to be granted to the Administrative Agent, or any Lender or the Collateral Agent by the Credit Documents and of the rights and remedies therein granted to the Administrative Agent, or any Lender or the Collateral Agent, including the filing of financing statements or other documents under any Law with respect to the Encumbrances created thereby. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Credit Documents have been prepared on the basis of Law in effect on the Closing Date, and that changes to Law may require the execution and delivery of different forms of documentation, and accordingly the Administrative Agent shall have the right (acting reasonably) to require that the Credit - 57 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Documents be amended, supplemented or replaced (and Open Text shall, or shall cause the applicable Loan Party to duly authorize, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent any such amendment, supplement or replacement reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent with respect to any of the Credit Documents) within 30 days of written request therefor (i) to reflect any change in Law, whether arising as a result of statutory amendments, court decisions or otherwise; (ii) to facilitate the creation and registration of appropriate forms of security in applicable jurisdictions; or (iii) to confer upon the Administrative Agent Encumbrances similar to the Encumbrances created or intended to be created by the Credit Documents. Section 2.12 Defaulting Lenders (1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: (a) That Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 16.01(4). (b) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.01), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Borrowing in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Borrowings under this Agreement; fourth, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and fifth, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. (c) That Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any fee hereunder for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). (2) If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, - 58 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably determine to be necessary to cause the Borrowings to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their ratable shares, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that, no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. Section 2.13 Amend and Extend Transactions (1) Open Text may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent from time to time, request an extension (each, an Extension of the Term Loan Repayment Date of any Advance and Commitments to the extended maturity date specified in such notice. Such notice shall: (a) set forth the amount of the Term Loans to be extended (which shall be in minimum increments of U.S. 1,000,000 and a minimum amount of U.S. 5,000,000); (b) set forth the date on which such Extension is requested to become effective (which shall be not less than ten (10) Business Days nor more than sixty (60) days after the date of such Extension (or such longer or shorter periods as the Administrative Agent shall agree)); and (c) identify the relevant Term Loans to which such Extension relates. Each Lender shall be offered (an Extension Offer an opportunity to participate in such Extension on a pro rata basis and on the same terms and conditions as each other Lender pursuant to procedures established by, or reasonably acceptable to, the Administrative Agent. If the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (calculated on the face amount thereof) in respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Term Loans requested to be extended by Open Text pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Term Loans of Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer. (2) It shall be a condition precedent to the effectiveness of any Extension that (a) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such Extension, (b) the representations and warranties set forth in Article 5 and in each other Credit Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Extension, and (c) the terms of such Extended Term Loans shall comply with Section 2.13(3). (3) The terms of each Extension shall be determined by Open Text and the applicable extending Lender and set forth in an Extension Amendment; provided that (a) the final maturity date of any Extended Term Loan shall be no earlier than the Term Loan Repayment Date, (b) the average life to maturity of the Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining average life to maturity of the existing Term Loans, (c) the Extended Term Loans will rank pari passu (or more junior) in right of payment and with respect to security with the Term Loans and 

- 59 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 the borrower and guarantors of the Extended Term Loans, shall be the same as the Borrower and Guarantors with respect to the existing Term Loans, (d) the interest rate margin, rate floors, fees, original issue discounts and premiums applicable to any Extended Term Loan shall be determined by Open Text and the applicable extending Lender and (e) to the extent the terms of the Extended Term Loans are inconsistent with the terms set forth herein (except as set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above), such terms shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (4) In connection with any Extension, Open Text, the Administrative Agent and each applicable extending Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Extension Amendment and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the Extension. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Extension. Any Extension Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and Open Text, to implement the terms of any such Extension Offer, including any amendments necessary to establish Extended Term Loans as new Term Loans and such other technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and Open Text in connection with the establishment of such new Term Loans on terms consistent with this Section 2.13). Section 2.14 Benchmark Replacement Setting (1) Benchmark Replacement. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, then (A) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document and (B) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Majority Lenders. (b) No swap agreement shall be deemed to be a Credit Document for purposes of this Section 2.14. (2) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, any amendments implementing - 60 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document. (3) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.14(4). Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. (4) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including any Term Benchmark) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (5) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Advances. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that any tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR Rate. - 61 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 2.15 Inability to Determine Rates; Illegality. (1) Subject to Section 2.14, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term Benchmark cannot be determined in accordance with the terms of this Agreement on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make or continue Term Benchmark Advances or to convert ABR Advances to Term Benchmark Advances shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term Benchmark Advances or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Advances (to the extent of the affected Term Benchmark Advances or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, in the case of any request for an affected Term Benchmark Borrowing, then such request shall be ineffective and (ii) any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars will be deemed to have been converted into ABR Advances. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 8.01. If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term Benchmark cannot be determined in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in each case on any given day, the interest rate on ABR Advances shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. (2) If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Advances whose interest is determined by reference to any Term Benchmark, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon any Term Benchmark, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term Benchmark Advances or to convert ABR Advances to Term Benchmark Advances shall be suspended, and (b) the interest rate on which ABR Advances of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate , in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term Benchmark Advances of such Lender to ABR Advances (the interest rate on which ABR Advances of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate ), on the interest payment date therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Advances to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Advances and (ii) if necessary to avoid such illegality, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the ABR Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon any Term Benchmark. - 62 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 ARTICLE 3 TERM LOAN CREDIT FACILITY ADVANCES Section 3.01 The Advances; Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange. (1) Each Term Loan Lender individually, and not jointly and severally (or solidarily) agrees, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to make Advances to the Borrower on the Closing Date, as follows: (a) Each Remaining Lender shall make an Advance in an amount equal to such Remaining Lender s New Term Loan Commitment; and (b) Each New Lender shall make an Advance in an amount equal to such New Lender s Term Loan Commitment. (2) The Administrative Agent shall give each applicable Lender prompt notice of any Borrowing Notice received from the Borrower and of each applicable Lender s ratable portion of any Accommodation. (3) On the Closing Date, each Remaining Lender shall be deemed to have exchanged all of its Existing Term Loans for Term Loans in an aggregate amount equal to such Remaining Lender s Exchanged Term Loan Commitment (such deemed exchange, the Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange ). After giving effect to the Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange, such Term Loans deemed to have been issued in exchange for Existing Term Loans shall be deemed to be Advances for all purposes hereunder. (4) For the avoidance of doubt, the Advances made by the Remaining Lenders and the New Lenders in accordance with clause (1) of this Section 3.01 and the Term Loans deemed to have been made in exchange for Existing Term Loans in accordance with clause (3) of this Section 3.01 shall be collectively referred to herein as the Term Loans (as contemplated in the definition thereof). Section 3.02 Procedure for Borrowing. Each Borrowing under the Term Loan Facility shall be in a minimum amount of (i) U.S. 1,000,000 and in an integral multiple of U.S. 100,000 in the case of Borrowings by way of LIBORSOFR Advances or ABR Advances; and (ii) shall be made on the number of days prior notice specified in Schedule 3, given not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time), in the case of ABR Advances, and 12:00 p.m. (New York time), in all other cases, in each case by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. Each notice of a Borrowing (a Borrowing Notice shall be in substantially the form of Schedule 1, shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower once given by it to the Administrative Agent, and shall specify (i) the requested date of the Borrowing; (ii) the aggregate amount and currency of the Borrowing; (iii) the Type of Advances comprising the Borrowing; and (iv) in the case of a LIBORSOFR Advance, the initial Interest Period applicable to such Advance. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of funds from the Lenders and fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 4, the 

- 63 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower in accordance with Article 2. Section 3.03 Conversions and Elections Regarding Advances (1) Each Advance shall initially be the Type of Advance specified in the applicable Borrowing Notice and shall bear interest at the rate applicable to such Type of Advance (determined as provided in Section 3.05) until (i) in the case of a LIBORSOFR Advance the end of the initial Interest Period applicable thereto as specified in the applicable Borrowing Notice, (ii) in the case of an ABR Advance, the date on which the relevant Type of Advance is repaid in full or is changed to another Type of Advance pursuant to and to the extent permitted by Section 3.03(2), or (iii) in the case of any Advance, it is converted to another Type of Advance pursuant to and to the extent permitted by Section 3.03(2). (2) The Borrower may, in respect of the Term Loan Facility, elect to (i) change any Advance outstanding thereunder to another Type of Accommodation denominated in the same currency available thereunder in accordance with Section 3.03(3), (x) in the case of an ABR Advance, as of any Business Day or (y) in the case of a LIBORSOFR Advance as of the last day of the Interest Period, applicable to such LIBORSOFR Advance; or (ii) continue any LIBORSOFR Advance for a further Interest Period, beginning on the last day of the then current Interest Period, in accordance with Section 3.03(3). (3) Each election to change from one Type of Advance to another Type of Advance under the Term Loan Facility or to continue a LIBORSOFR Advance for a further Interest Period shall be made on the number of days prior notice specified in Schedule 3 given, in each case, not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York time) by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. Each such notice (an Interest Rate Election Notice shall be given substantially in the form of Schedule 2 and shall be irrevocable and binding upon the Borrower. If the Borrower fails to deliver an Interest Rate Election Notice to the Administrative Agent for any LIBORSOFR Advance as provided in this Section 3.03(3), such LIBORSOFR Advance shall be converted (as of the last day of the applicable Interest Period) to and thereafter shall be outstanding as an ABR Advance. The Borrower shall not select an Interest Period which conflicts with the definition of Interest Period in Section 1.01 or with the repayment schedule in Section 2.05. (4) Upon the occurrence of, and during the continuance of, an Event of Default, the Borrower shall not have the right to convert Advances into, or to continue, LIBORSOFR Advances, and each LIBORSOFR Advance shall convert to an ABR Advance, in the case of the Term Loan Facility at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Section 3.04 Circumstances Requiring Floating Rate Pricing (1) If a Lender determines acting reasonably in good faith and notifies Open Text in writing and the Administrative Agent that (i) by reason of circumstances affecting financial markets inside or outside Canada, deposits of U.S. Dollars are unavailable to such Lender; (ii) adequate and fair means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable interest rate on the basis provided in the definition of Eurodollar Rate; (iii) the making or continuation of any LIBOR Advances has - 64 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 been made impracticable (x) by the occurrence of a contingency (other than a mere increase in rates payable by such Lender to fund the Advances or a decrease in the creditworthiness of such Lender) which adversely affects the funding of the Term Loan Facility at any interest rate computed on the basis of the Eurodollar Rate, or (y) by reason of a change since the date of this Agreement in any Law or in the interpretation thereof by any Governmental Authority which affects such Lender or any relevant financial market and which results in the Eurodollar Rate no longer representing the effective cost to such Lender of deposits in such market; or (iv) any change to any Law or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, has made it unlawful for such Lender to make or maintain or to give effect to its obligations in respect of such Advances as contemplated hereby, then, (a) the right of the Borrower to select LIBOR Advances, as the case may be, from such Lender shall be suspended until such Lender determines acting reasonably and in good faith that the circumstances causing the suspension no longer exist and such Lender so notifies the Administrative Agent; (b) if any affected LIBOR Advance is not yet outstanding, any applicable Borrowing Notice shall be suspended until such Lender acting reasonably and in good faith determines that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist and such Lender so notifies the Administrative Agent; and (c) if any LIBOR Advance is already outstanding at any time when the right of the Borrower to select LIBOR Advances is suspended, it and all other LIBOR Advances in the same Borrowing with respect to such Lender shall (subject to Borrower having the right to select the relevant Type of Advance at such time) become an ABR Advance on the last day of the then current Interest Period or applicable thereto (or on such earlier date as may be required to comply with any Law). (2) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Open Text of the suspension of its right to request a LIBOR Advance from such Lender and of the termination of any such suspension. Upon notice from the Administrative Agent of the suspension of the right to request a LIBOR Advance from such Lender, Open Text may (i) either replace such Lender with a substitute Lender or Lenders, in which event such Lender shall execute and deliver an assignment and assumption agreement in favour of such substitute Lender or Lenders pursuant to Section 15.01(2)(d) in respect of the whole of its Commitments; or (ii) prepay all Accommodations Outstanding of such affected Lender and thereupon reduce such affected Lender s Commitments to nil, all without affecting the Commitments of any other Lenders. (3) If, at any time, the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that (a) the circumstances set forth in Section 3.04(1)(ii) have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (b) the circumstances set forth in - 65 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 3.04(1)(ii) have not arisen but the UK Financial Conduct Authority (or any successor regulatory body), any other supervisor for the administrator of the LIBO Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which LIBOR shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans or as a benchmark reference rate for interest rates for loans, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to the Eurodollar Rate that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time (any such rate, an Alternate Rate of Interest ), and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such Alternate Rate of Interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 16.01, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date notice of such Alternate Rate of Interest and a copy of such proposed amendment is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Majority Lenders stating that such Majority Lenders object to such amendment. Until an Alternate Rate of Interest shall be determined in accordance with this Section 3.04(3) (but, in the case of the circumstances described in clause (b) of the first sentence of this Section 3.04(3), only to the extent the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period is not available or published at such time on a current basis), (i) any request for a conversion to, or continuation of, LIBOR Advances shall be ineffective and (ii) any request for a LIBOR Advance shall be made as an ABR Advance in the amount specified therein. Section 3.04 [Reserved] Section 3.05 Interest on Advances The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance made to it, from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is repaid in full, at the following rates per annum: (1) ABR Advances. If and so long as such Advance is an ABR Advance and subject to clause (3) below, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the ABR Rate in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin, calculated daily and payable in arrears (i) on the first Business Day of each Financial Quarter in each Financial Year; and (ii) when such ABR Advance becomes due and payable in full pursuant to the provisions hereof. (2) LIBORSOFR Advances. (a) If and so long as such Advance is a LIBORTerm SOFR Advance and subject to clause (3) below, at a rate per annum equal, at all times during each Interest Period for such LIBORSOFR Advance, to the sum of the Eurodollar RateAdjusted Term SOFR for such Interest - 66 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Period plus the Applicable Margin for Term SOFR Advances payable on the earliest of (i) if the Interest Period is longer than 3 months, every 3 months after the date of the relevant LIBORTerm SOFR Advance; (ii) on the last day of such Interest Period; and (iii) when such LIBORTerm SOFR Advance becomes due and payable in full pursuant to the provisions hereof. (b) If and so long as such Advance is a Daily Simple SOFR Advance and subject to clause (3) below, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the sum of Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Margin for Daily Simple SOFR Advances calculated daily and payable in arrears (i) on the first Business Day of each Financial Quarter in each Financial Year; and (ii) when such Daily Simple SOFR Advance becomes due and payable in full pursuant to the provisions hereof. (3) Default Interest. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, subject to Law, the Borrower shall pay interest on the obligations in respect of the Term Loan Facility Default Interest on (i) the unpaid principal amount of each Accommodation Outstanding to each Lender, payable in arrears on the dates referred to in clause (1) or (2) above, as applicable, and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2 per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above, as applicable, and (ii) the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Credit Document to the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2 per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid, in the case of interest, and, in all other cases, on ABR Advances pursuant to clause (1) above. ARTICLE 4 CONDITIONS OF LENDING Section 4.01 Conditions Precedent to the Initial Accommodation (1) The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Advances (including as part of the Closing Date Cashless Settlement Exchange) under the Term Loan Facility on the Closing Date is subject to: (a) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower confirming that, after giving effect to the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, as contemplated hereby, (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article 5 are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date, and (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing that would constitute a Default or an Event of Default. (b) The condition precedent that the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, on or before the day of such initial Accommodation, the following in form, substance and dated as of a date satisfactory to the Lenders, acting reasonably, and their counsel and in sufficient quantities for each Lender: (i) a certified copy of (A) the charter documents and by-laws (or equivalent governing documents) of each Loan Party; (B) the resolutions of the board of directors (or any duly 

- 67 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 authorized committee or other governing body thereof) or of the shareholders, as the case may be, of each Loan Party approving the entering into of this Agreement (including the amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement effected hereby) and each other Credit Documents to which they are a party; (C) all other instruments evidencing necessary corporate, company or partnership action of each Loan Party and of any required Authorization with respect to such matters; and (D) certifying the names and true signatures of its officers authorized to sign this Agreement and the other Credit Documents manually or by mechanical means; (ii) a certificate of status, compliance, good standing or like certificate with respect to each Loan Party issued by the appropriate government official in the jurisdiction of its incorporation; (iii) execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Borrower, the Guarantors and each Lender (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by the Remaining Lenders, which execution and delivery may occur through the granting of consent to this Agreement via LendAmend) and the Security Documents required to be delivered on the Closing Date, as applicable, pursuant to Section 2.11; (iv) evidence of registration in the necessary jurisdictions of the Encumbrances or notice thereof in favour of the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, as required under Law, created by the Security Documents in order to preserve or protect such Encumbrances for the term of the Term Loan Facility; (v) satisfactory evidence that the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) shall have a valid and perfected first priority (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) security interest in the Collateral or that arrangements in respect thereof shall have been made that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case, to the extent required by the terms of the Security Documents; (vi) reasonably satisfactory opinions of outside counsel or, with respect to general corporate matters, in-house counsel to the Loan Parties in the jurisdiction of incorporation of each Loan Party and in each jurisdiction specified by the Administrative Agent as is relevant to confirm, inter alia, corporate existence, due authorization, execution and enforceability of all Credit Documents, and the validity and perfection of the Encumbrances created by the applicable Credit Documents; (vii) all Existing Term Loans (other than those Existing Term Loans deemed exchanged as part of the Closing Date Cashless Settlement Offer) shall concurrently with the occurrence of the Closing Date be repaid in full with the proceeds of Advances made pursuant to Section 3.01(1); (viii) a certificate of a Financial Officer of Open Text attesting to the Solvency of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (in the form of Schedule 7 hereto); (ix) (x) GAAP audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, changes in equity and cash flows of Open Text for the three most recent fiscal years, ended at least 90 days prior to the Closing Date; and (y) GAAP unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, changes in equity and cash flows of Open Text for each subsequent fiscal quarter after June 30, 2017 ended at least 45 days before the Closing Date; - 68 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (x) all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities with respect to Open Text and the Guarantors under applicable know your customer rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) to the extent requested by the Lead Arranger at least ten (10) Business Days in advance of the Closing Date; (xi) all accrued fees and expenses (subject to the provisions of any applicable fee letters and including for the avoidance of doubt reasonable fees and out-of-pocket costs of legal counsel of the Administrative Agent and Lead Arranger) and other compensation due and payable to the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger and the Lenders required to be paid on the Closing Date shall have been paid; and (xii) an Accommodation Notice for any Accommodation occurring on the Closing Date. Section 4.02 No Waiver The making of an Accommodation or otherwise giving effect to any Accommodation Notice hereunder, without the fulfillment of one or more conditions set forth in Section 4.01 shall not constitute a waiver of any such condition, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders reserve the right to require fulfillment of such condition in connection with any subsequent Accommodation Notice or Accommodation. ARTICLE 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 5.01 Representations and Warranties The Loan Parties represent and warrant to each Lender, on the Closing Date and on each date required by Section 4.01 and Section 2.01(4), acknowledging and confirming that each Lender is relying thereon without independent inquiry in entering into this Agreement and providing Accommodations hereunder, that: (1) Incorporation and Qualification. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is duly incorporated or formed, continued or amalgamated as the case may be, and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization (which, as of the Closing Date, is set forth in Schedule A) and each is duly qualified, licensed or registered to carry on business under the Laws applicable to it in all jurisdictions in which the nature of its Assets or business makes such qualification necessary and where failure to be so qualified, licensed, registered, duly incorporated, formed or continued or amalgamated would have a Material Adverse Effect. (2) Corporate Power. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (i) has all requisite corporate or other power and authority to own and operate its properties and Assets and to carry on the Business carried on by it and any other business as now being conducted by it, except to the extent that any failure of the foregoing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) has all requisite corporate or other power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, if any, to which it is a party. - 69 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (3) Conflict with Other Instruments. The execution and delivery of the Credit Documents by each Loan Party which is a party thereto and the performance by each Loan Party of its respective obligations hereunder and compliance with the terms, conditions and provisions thereof, will not (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (w) its constating documents or by-laws, (x) any Law, (y) any material contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or its properties, or (z) any judgment, injunction, determination or award which is binding on it; or (ii) result in, require or permit (x) the imposition of any Encumbrance in, on or with respect to the Assets now owned or hereafter acquired by it (other than pursuant to the Security Documents or which is a Permitted Encumbrance), (y) the acceleration of the maturity of any material Debt binding on or affecting it, or (z) any third party to terminate or acquire any rights materially adverse to the applicable Loan Party under any Material Agreement except where such conflict, result, requirement or permission would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (4) Authorization, Governmental Approvals, etc. The execution and delivery of each of the Credit Documents by each Loan Party which is a party thereto and the performance by each such Loan Party of its respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or analogous action and no Authorization, under any Law, and no registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with any Governmental Authority, is or was necessary therefor or to perfect the same, except as are in full force and effect, unamended except for Permitted Exceptions and where failure to obtain or make such Authorization, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with any Governmental Authority would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (5) Execution and Binding Obligation. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents have been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party which is a party thereto and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, subject only to any limitation under Laws relating to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or creditors rights generally; and (ii) general equitable principles including the discretion that a court may exercise in the granting of equitable remedies. (6) Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect. Open Text has furnished to the Lenders (i) GAAP audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, changes in equity and cash flows of Open Text for the three most recent fiscal years, ended at least 90 days prior to the Closing Date; and (ii) GAAP unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, changes in equity and cash flows of Open Text for each subsequent fiscal quarter after June 30, 2017 ended at least 45 days before the Closing Date. Except as otherwise publicly disclosed prior to the Closing Date, since June 30, 2017, there has been no event, development or circumstance of which any Loan Party is aware that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All information (including that disclosed in all financial statements) pertaining to the Loan Parties (other than projections) (the Information that has been or will be made available to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent by Open Text is or will be, when furnished, complete and correct in all material respects and does not or will not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made. The projections - 70 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 that have been or will be made available to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent by Open Text have been or will be prepared in good faith based upon reasonable assumptions. (7) Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule B or I, there are no actions, suits or proceedings (including any Tax-related matter) by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority or by any elected public official or by any other Person pending against or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against or affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (i) that would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) that involve this Agreement or any other Credit Document and that is not being contested by the Loan Parties in good faith by appropriate proceedings or that constitutes an Event of Default. Except with respect to the Disclosed Matter(s) and except any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, none of the Loan Parties or any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any Environmental Permit, (ii) to the knowledge of any Loan Party, has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability, or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. (8) Location of Business. As of the Closing Date, the only jurisdictions (or registration districts within such jurisdictions) in which any Loan Party has any place of business or stores any material tangible personal property are as set forth in Schedule C. (9) Material Permits. Each Loan Party possesses all Material Permits as may be necessary to properly conduct its respective business. Each such Material Permit is (i) in full force and effect, (ii) not subject to any dispute, and (iii) is not in default, except to the extent that the failure to be in full force and effect, such dispute or such default would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, all Material Permits of the Loan Parties are listed in Schedule G. (10) Trademarks, Patents, etc. Other than Intellectual Property owned by customers of the Loan Parties or licenced by the Loan Parties from third parties, and except as set forth in Schedule D, each Loan Party is the registered and beneficial owner of, with good and marketable title, free of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances, to all material patents, patent applications, trade-marks, trade mark applications, trade names, service marks, copyrights, industrial designs, integrated circuit topographies, or other analogous rights with respect to the foregoing and other similar property, used in or necessary for the present and planned future conduct of its business, without any conflict with the rights of any other Person, other than as listed on Schedule D, or other than to the extent that the absence of such title or the existence of such conflicts would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, all patents, trade-marks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, industrial designs, integrated circuit topographies, and other similar rights owned by any Loan Party, the failure of which to be so owned would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect are described in Schedule D (collectively, the Material Intellectual Property Rights ). (11) As of the Closing Date, except as set forth in Schedule D, no claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person with respect to the use by any Loan Party of any intellectual property or challenging or questioning the validity, enforceability or effectiveness of any intellectual 

- 71 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 property necessary for the conduct of the business of any Loan Party, except for any such claim that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Schedule D or except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Loan Party has the right to use the intellectual property which such Loan Party owns, (ii) all applications and registrations for such intellectual property are current, and (iii) to the knowledge of all Loan Parties, the conduct of each Loan Party s business does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any other Person. (12) Ownership of Property. Each Loan Party owns its Assets, and with respect to any material immovable or real property of the Loan Parties, with good and marketable title thereto (excluding any defects in title that do not materially impair the value of such property to such Loan Party), free and clear of all Encumbrances, except for Permitted Encumbrances and except where the failure to have such title described above could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, none of the Loan Parties owns any immovable or real property other than the Owned Real Property. (13) Leased Properties. As of the Closing Date, each lease of the Loan Parties (other than any lease which is not material to the operations of the Loan Parties taken as a whole) is in good standing in all material respects and all amounts owing thereunder have been paid by the applicable Loan Party except any such amount the payment obligation in respect of which is in bona fide dispute. (14) Insurance. All policies of fire, liability, workers compensation, casualty, flood, business interruption and other forms of insurance owned or held by each Loan Party are (a) sufficient for compliance, in all material respects, with all requirements of Law, and (b) provide adequate insurance coverage in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event public liability) as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business for the assets and operations of such Loan Party. All such material policies are in full force and effect in all material respects, and no notice of cancellation or termination has been received with respect to any such policy, except for any such notice the effect of which would be that the foregoing provisions of this clause (13) would be true and correct in all material respects. None of the Loan Parties maintains any formalized self-insurance or co-insurance program with respect to its assets or operations or material risks with respect thereto, other than as consented to by the Majority Lenders, acting reasonably. (15) Compliance with Laws. Except with respect to Disclosed Matters, each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Laws, except for non-compliance which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (16) No Default. None of the Loan Parties is in default nor has any event or circumstance occurred which, but for the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default under any loan or credit agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, security agreement or other instrument or agreement evidencing or pertaining to any Debt of any Loan Party, or under any material agreement or instrument to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any Loan Party is bound, except where such default would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. - 72 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (17) Subsidiaries, etc. Except as set forth in Schedule F(i), in each case as of the Closing Date, (i) no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries, (ii) Open Text is the direct or indirect beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding shares or partnership interests, as the case may be, of each other Loan Party, and (iii) no Person (other than a Loan Party) has any right or option to purchase or otherwise acquire any of the issued and outstanding shares or partnership interests, as the case may be, of any such Loan Party. (18) Canadian Benefit Plans. The Canadian Pension Plans are duly registered under the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the ITA and any other Laws which require registration, have been administered in accordance with the ITA and such other Laws and no event has occurred which would reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such registered status, except to the extent that any failure to do so or such loss would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, no Canadian Pension Plan provides benefits determined on a defined benefit basis. All material obligations of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (including fiduciary, funding, investment and administration obligations) required to be performed in connection with the Canadian Pension Plans and the funding agreements therefor have been performed on a timely basis except to the extent that such non-performance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, there are no outstanding disputes concerning the assets of any of the Canadian Benefit Plans which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All employer and employee payments, contributions or premiums required to be made or paid by each Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to the Canadian Benefit Plans have been made on a timely basis in accordance with the terms of such plans and all Laws except to the extent failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There have been no improper withdrawals or applications of the assets of the Canadian Benefit Plans that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no partial or full termination of any Canadian Pension Plan and no facts or circumstances have occurred or existed that could result, or be reasonably anticipated to result, in the declaration of a partial or full termination of any of the Canadian Pension Plans under Law, in each case, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (19) Material Agreements. As of the Closing Date, none of the Loan Parties is a party or otherwise subject to or bound or affected by any Material Agreement, except as set out in Schedule H. Except as set forth in Schedule H, all Material Agreements are in full force and effect, unamended, and none of the Loan Parties, or to any Loan Party s knowledge, any other party to any such agreement is in default with respect thereto, except to the extent that any such failure, amendment or default would not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (20) Books and Records. To and including the Closing Date, all books and records of each Loan Party and each of its Material Subsidiaries have been fully, properly and accurately kept and completed in accordance with GAAP (to the extent applicable) in all material respects, and there are no inaccuracies or discrepancies of any kind contained or reflected therein that would, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (21) Tax Liability. Each Loan Party and each of its Material Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all returns in respect of material Taxes and has paid or caused to be paid all material Taxes required to have been paid by it (including all installments with respect to the - 73 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 current period) and has made adequate provision for material Taxes for the current period (other than Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Loan Party or such Material Subsidiary has, if required, set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP, or as to which waivers or extensions have granted by the applicable Governmental Authority) and no tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted in writing with respect to any such Taxes, except to the extent that (a) any failure to so file or to make such payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (b) in the case of any such tax liens or claims, such liens or the assertion of such claims do not materially impair the value, validity or the priority of the security interests of the Lenders in the Collateral. (22) Environmental Matters. To the knowledge of any Loan Party, except as disclosed to the Lenders in Schedule I, neither any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, nor the operations conducted thereon violate any applicable order of any Governmental Authority or any Environmental Laws, which violation would reasonably be expected to result in remedial obligations having a Material Adverse Effect. (23) Margin Stock. None of the Loan Parties engages or intends to engage principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, immediately, incidentally or ultimately, of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U). No part of the proceeds of any Accommodation has been or will be used, immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry any margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, or for any other purpose, in each case under circumstances which would result in a violation of or which is inconsistent with Regulation U. (24) Investment Companies; Regulated Entities. None of the Loan Parties is an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. None of the Loan Parties are subject to any other Federal or state statute or regulation limiting its ability to incur Indebtedness for borrowed money. (25) Solvency. Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. (26) Plans and Benefit Arrangements. (a) Each Loan Party is in compliance with any applicable provisions of ERISA with respect to all Benefit Arrangements, Plans and Multiemployer Plans except to the extent that failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party has made when due all payments required to be made under any collective bargaining agreement relating to a Multiemployer Plan or any Law pertaining thereto. With respect to each Plan and Multiemployer Plan, each Loan Party and each member of the ERISA Group (i) has fulfilled in all material respects their obligations under the minimum funding standards of ERISA, (ii) has not incurred any liability to the PBGC (other than for payment of premiums), and (iii) has not had asserted against them any excise tax or civil penalty for failure to fulfill the minimum funding requirements of ERISA. - 74 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (b) The conditions for imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA have not been met with respect to any Plan. No reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA has occurred with respect to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement has been waived by the PBGC with respect to such event. (c) No Loan Party or member of the ERISA Group has instituted or intends to institute proceedings to terminate any Plan which is materially underfunded. The PBGC has not instituted proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA and no conditions exist that are likely to result in the termination of, or appointment of a trustee to administer, such Plan. (d) None of the Loan Parties nor any members of the ERISA Group has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material withdrawal liability under ERISA to any Multiemployer Plan. No Loan Party and no other member of the ERISA Group has been notified by any Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan has been terminated within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or has been determined to be insolvent, in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA and, to the best knowledge of each Loan Party or member of the ERISA Group, no Multiemployer Plan is reasonably expected to be reorganized, insolvent or terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. (e) No Foreign Plan Event has occurred that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (27) Economic Sanctions; Anti-Money Laundering Laws. None of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of any of them without any investigation by any of them, any director, officer or employee of any of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries is, or is controlled or majority owned by Persons: (i) with whom dealings are restricted under any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control or the U.S. State Department, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury or Canada (collectively, Sanctions ), or (ii) that are located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions (currently, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria); None of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries is in violation of any applicable Sanctions or applicable Anti-Terrorism Law, or engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law or applicable Sanctions. (28) Labour Matters. As of the Closing Date, there are no strikes or other labour disputes pending or, to any Loan Parties knowledge, threatened against any Loan Party, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Hours worked and payments made to the employees of the Loan Parties comply in all respects with all Law dealing with such matters except where non-compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

- 75 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (29) Executive Offices Collateral Locations. As of the Closing Date, if applicable, the current location in Canada of (i) each chief executive office, principal place of business and domicile (within the meaning of the Civil Code of Qu bec) of each Loan Party, and (ii) the warehouses and premises at which any material Collateral is located, are as set forth on Schedule A, and none of such locations has changed within two (2) months preceding the Closing Date. Each Loan Party that keeps records in the Province of Qu bec relating to Collateral, keeps duplicate copies thereof at a location outside the Province of Qu bec as designated on Schedule A or otherwise disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent, as applicable. (30) Securities and Instruments of Guarantors. (a) All Intercompany Securities and Intercompany Instruments owned by the Guarantors have been, where applicable, duly and validly issued and acquired and, in the case of the Intercompany Securities and to the knowledge of the applicable Guarantors, are fully paid and non-assessable. As of the Closing Date, Schedule L sets out, for each class of such Securities listed in such schedule, the percentage amount that such Securities represent of all issued and outstanding Securities of that class. (b) Except as described in the applicable issuer s constating documents, no transfer restrictions apply to any Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments listed in Schedule L, which, as of the Closing Date, sets forth a complete list of Intercompany Securities and Intercompany Instruments. The Guarantors have delivered to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, copies of all shareholder, partnership, limited liability company or trust agreements applicable to each issuer of such Securities and Instruments which are in the Loan Parties possession or control. (c) Except as described in the applicable issuer s constating documents or Schedule A, as of the Closing Date, no Person has or will have any written or oral option, warrant, right, call, commitment, conversion right, right of exchange or other agreement or any right or privilege (whether by Law, pre-emptive or contractual) capable of becoming an option, warrant, right, call, commitment, conversion right, right of exchange or other agreement to acquire any right or interest in any of the Intercompany Securities and Intercompany Instruments owned by the Guarantors. (d) The Intercompany Instruments owned by the Guarantors constitute, where applicable, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor of such Instruments, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject only to any limitation under applicable laws relating to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, arrangement, reorganization or creditors rights generally, and (ii) the discretion that a court may exercise in the granting of equitable remedies. (e) The grants of security and deliveries to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent by the Guarantors in certificated Securities constituting Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents to which such Guarantors are party create valid and perfected security interests in such certificated Securities, and the proceeds of them. Subject to Permitted Encumbrances, such Securities and the proceeds from them are not subject to any prior Encumbrance or any agreement purporting to grant to any third party an Encumbrance on the property or assets of the Guarantors which would include the Securities. - 76 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 5.02 Survival of Representations and Warranties The representations and warranties herein set forth or contained in any certificates or notices delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant hereto shall not merge in or be prejudiced by and shall survive any Accommodation hereunder and shall continue in full force and effect (as of the date when made or deemed to be made) so long as any amounts are owing by the Borrower to the Lenders hereunder. ARTICLE 6 COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES Section 6.01 Affirmative Covenants So long as any amount owing hereunder remains unpaid or any Lender has any obligation under this Agreement, and unless consent or waiver is given in accordance with Section 16.01 hereof, each Loan Party shall: (1) Reporting Requirements. During the term of this Agreement, prepare (where applicable, in accordance with GAAP) and deliver to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders, in a form not objected to by the Majority Lenders, acting reasonably: (a) Financial Reporting (i) as soon as practicable and in any event within 50 days of the end of each Financial Quarter of Open Text (excluding the fourth Financial Quarter), the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of Open Text as at the end of such Financial Quarter prepared in accordance with GAAP including a balance sheet, statement of income and retained earnings and a statement of changes in financial position in each case as at the end of and for such Financial Quarter and the then elapsed portion of the Financial Year which includes such Financial Quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or in the case of the balance sheet, as at the end of) the previous Financial Year, in each case subject to year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (ii) as soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Financial Year of Open Text, the annual audited consolidated financial statements of Open Text prepared in accordance with GAAP including a balance sheet, statement of income and retained earnings and a statement of changes in financial position for such Financial Year (which financial statements shall be audited by a nationally recognized accounting firm), setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Financial Year; (iii) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements contemplated in (i) and (ii) above, a Compliance Certificate in respect of such Financial Quarter in the form attached hereto as Schedule 5; (iv) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Financial Year (in each case, approved by the board of directors of Open Text) an Annual Business Plan in respect of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, in each case, for the current - 77 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Financial Year, provided that a preliminary draft of such plan shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent not later than 75 days after the end of each Financial Year; and (v) the foregoing financial information shall be presented in United States dollars. Information required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be deemed to have been delivered if such information shall be available on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov and Open Text shall have notified the Administrative Agent of the availability of such financial information. (b) Environmental Reporting. Promptly, and in any event within 30 days of each occurrence, notify the Administrative Agent of any proceeding or order before any Governmental Authority requiring any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to comply with or take action under any Environmental Laws which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect if not taken. (c) Additional Reporting Requirements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (with sufficient copies for each of the Lenders) (i) as soon as possible, and in any event within five days after any Loan Party becomes aware of the occurrence of each Default or Event of Default, a statement of Responsible Officer of such Loan Party or any other officer acceptable to the Administrative Agent setting forth the details of such Default or Event of Default and the action which such Loan Party proposes to take or has taken with respect thereto; (ii) from time to time upon request of the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, evidence of maintenance of all insurance required to be maintained by Section 6.01(7), including such originals or copies as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request of policies, certificates of insurance and endorsements relating to such insurance and proof of premium payments; (iii) at the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall provide further information regarding any Permitted Acquisition to the Administrative Agent; and (iv) together with the Compliance Certificate to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(1)(a)(iii), written notice of any previously undisclosed, (A) Material Subsidiaries of Open Text, (B) any Material Intellectual Property Rights; (C) to the extent necessary for perfection of security interests in any material amount of tangible personal property under the PPSA, notice of any new location of such tangible personal property to the extent located in a jurisdiction within Canada as to which no effective PPSA financing statement has been filed in favour of the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent over the Assets of the applicable Loan Party; and (D) such other information respecting the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the business of any of the Loan Parties as the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, may from time to time reasonably request. (2) Existence; Conduct of Business. Do and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence (subject only to Section 6.02(3)), and except to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, obtain, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect any and all Material Permits. (3) Payment Obligations. Pay and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to pay all material Tax liabilities that, if not paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material - 78 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Adverse Effect, in each case, before the same shall become materially delinquent or in material default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) such Loan Party or such Material Subsidiary has, if required, set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (4) Maintenance of Properties. Keep and maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to keep and maintain, all real and personal property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (5) Books and Records; Inspection Rights. Keep, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account in which entries, that are full, true and correct in all material respects, are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. Permit, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to permit, any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants; provided that (a) except during the continuance of an Event of Default, only one such visit, inspection, examination and discussion (which shall be limited to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their designated representatives, collectively, and not individually) shall be permitted during a Financial Year at the expense of Open Text, to be coordinated through the Administrative Agent upon at least five days prior notice, such visit to be limited to the chief executive office of Open Text and such other locations as may be reasonably agreed with Open Text and (b) during the continuance of an Event of Default, a visit or reasonable number of visits shall be permitted to locations other than the chief executive office that are reasonably related to the applicable Event of Default at the expense of Open Text. (6) Compliance with Laws and Material Contracts. Comply with, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to comply with, all Laws and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and with all Material Agreements, except, in each case, where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (7) Insurance. Maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to their respective properties and business against such liabilities, casualties, risks and contingencies and in such types (including business interruption insurance) and amounts as is customary in the case of Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses and similarly situated and in accordance with any requirement of any Governmental Authority. In the case of any fire, accident or other casualty causing loss or damage to any properties of any Loan Party used in generating cash flow or if required by Law, all proceeds of such policies shall be used promptly to repair or replace any such damaged properties, and otherwise shall be used as directed by the Administrative Agent to prepay the Accommodation Outstanding in accordance with Section 2.05(3). Each Loan Party will obtain and deliver to the Administrative Agent (to the extent not already so 

- 79 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 delivered) within 60 days of the Closing Date endorsements to the policies pertaining to all physical properties in which the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall have an Encumbrance under the Credit Documents, naming the Administrative Agent as a loss payee, as its interests appear, and evidencing that such policies are subject to the standard mortgage clause approved by the Insurance Bureau of Canada (as applicable), and containing provisions that such policies will not be cancelled without 30 days prior written notice having been given by the insurance company to the Administrative Agent. (8) Operation and Maintenance of Property. Manage and operate, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to manage and operate, its business or cause its business to be managed and operated (i) in accordance with prudent industry practice in all material respects and in compliance in all material respects with the terms and provisions of all Material Permits, and (ii) in compliance with all applicable Laws of the jurisdiction in which such businesses are carried on, and all applicable Laws of every other Governmental Authority from time to time constituted to regulate the ownership, management and operation of such businesses, except where a failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (9) Status of Accounts and Collateral. With respect to the Collateral, report immediately to the Administrative Agent any matters materially adversely affecting the value, enforceability or collectability of any of the Collateral where such matter would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (10) Cure Defects. Promptly cure or cause to be cured any material defects in the execution and delivery of any of the Credit Documents or any of the other agreements, instruments or documents required to be executed and/or delivered pursuant thereto or any material defects in the validity or enforceability of any of the Credit Documents and, at its expense, execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered all such agreements, instruments and other documents as the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, may consider necessary for the foregoing purposes. (11) Additional Loan Parties/Security. In each case subject to Permitted Exceptions, if, at any time on or after the Closing Date, any Loan Party creates or acquires a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or in some other fashion becomes the holder of any Equity Securities of a new Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), or, if any Excluded Subsidiary of a Loan Party is designated as, or becomes, a Material Subsidiary (any such event or occurrence, an Additional Loan Party/Subsidiary Event ): (a) To the extent not prohibited or restricted by Law, the applicable Loan Party will, within 90 days following the occurrence of such Additional Loan Party/Subsidiary Event, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a securities pledge agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent acting reasonably, granting a security interest in 100 of the Equity Securities of such new or newly designated Subsidiary owned by such Loan Party; (b) To the extent not prohibited or restricted by Law, the applicable Loan Party will, within 90 days following the occurrence of such Additional Loan Party/Subsidiary Event, cause such new or newly designated Subsidiary to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a guarantee and security of the nature contemplated by Section 2.11, all in form and substance - 80 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably and accompanied by customary legal opinions of counsel to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary; and (c) In connection with the execution and delivery of any guarantee, pledge agreement, mortgage, security agreement or analogous document pursuant to this Section, the applicable Loan Party will, or will cause the applicable Subsidiary to, deliver to the Administrative Agent such corporate resolutions, certificates, legal opinions and such other related documents, including, in respect of real property, reasonably satisfactory title insurance or a reasonably satisfactory title opinion and surveys, as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and consistent with the relevant forms and types thereof delivered on the Closing Date or as shall be otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Each guarantee, pledge agreement, mortgage, security agreement and any other analogous document delivered pursuant to this Section shall be deemed to be a Security Document from and after the date of execution thereof. (12) Material Permits. Maintain, and cause all of its Subsidiaries to maintain, all Material Permits as may be necessary to properly conduct their respective businesses, the failure of which to maintain would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (13) Debt Rating. Maintain at all times during which the Term Loan Facility is outstanding, on and after the date that is 60 days following the Closing Date, debt ratings for the Term Loan Credit Facility from S P and Moody s. (14) Notices Regarding Plans and Benefit Arrangements. (a) Certain Events. Promptly upon, and in any event within 25 Business Days of becoming aware of the occurrence thereof, provide notice (including the nature of the event and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service or the PBGC with respect thereto) of: (i) any reportable event (as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA) with respect to any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group (other than any reportable event notice of which to the PBGC has been waived), (ii) any Prohibited Transaction which could subject any Loan Party to a material civil penalty assessed pursuant to Section 502(i) of ERISA or a material tax imposed by Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code in connection with any Plan, any Benefit Arrangement or any trust created thereunder, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) any assertion of withdrawal liability with respect to any Multiemployer Plan which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) any partial or complete withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group under Title IV of ERISA (or assertion thereof), where such withdrawal is likely to result in Material Adverse Effect, (v) any cessation of operations at a facility by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group as described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, - 81 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (vi) withdrawal by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group from a Multiple Employer Plan which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (vii) a failure by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group to make a payment to a Plan required to avoid imposition of a Lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA, if the imposition of such Lien would have a Material Adverse Effect, or (viii) any Foreign Plan Event that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Notices of Involuntary Termination and Annual Reports. Promptly, and in any event within 25 Business Days, after receipt thereof, deliver to the Administrative Agent copies of (a) all notices received by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group of the PBGC s intent to terminate any Plan administered or maintained by any Loan Party or any member of the ERISA Group, or to have a trustee appointed to administer any such Plan; and (b) at the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the most recently filed annual report (IRS Form 5500 series) and all accompanying schedules for any Plan, including the most recent required audit maintained by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group, and schedules showing the amounts contributed to each such Plan by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group and each Schedule SB (Actuarial Information) to the annual report filed by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group with the Department of Labor with respect to each such Plan. (c) Notice of Voluntary Termination. Promptly, and in any event within 25 Business Days, upon the filing thereof, deliver to the Administrative Agent copies of any Form 500, or any successor or equivalent form to Form 500, filed with the PBGC in connection with the termination of any Plan. (d) Canadian Benefit Plans. For each existing, or hereafter adopted, Canadian Benefit Plan, the Borrower shall cause its Subsidiaries to, in a timely fashion, comply with and perform in all respects all of its obligations under and in respect of such Canadian Benefit Plan, including under any funding agreements and all applicable laws (including any applicable fiduciary, funding, investment and administration obligations), except to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that all employer or employee payments, contributions or premiums required to be remitted, paid to or in respect of each Canadian Benefit Plan shall be paid or remitted by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in a timely fashion in accordance with the terms thereof, any funding agreements and all Laws. The Borrower shall deliver to Administrative Agent if requested by Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, copies of each annual and other return, report or valuation with respect to each Canadian Pension Plan as filed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) with any applicable Governmental Authority. (15) Security Matters (a) Securities and Instruments. - 82 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (i) If any Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments owned by a Guarantor are now or at any time become evidenced, in whole or in part, by uncertificated securities registered or recorded in records maintained by or on behalf of the issuer thereof in the name of a clearing agency or a custodian or of a nominee of either, the applicable Guarantor will notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such Securities and Instruments and, at the request and option of the Administrative Agent, (i) to the extent applicable under Law, cause an appropriate entry to be made in the records of the clearing agency or custodian (if there is such an agency or Person) or the applicable securities register, as applicable, to record the interest of the Administrative Agent or its nominee (if the Administrative Agent or such nominee is a member of such clearing agency) or otherwise as the Administrative Agent may reasonably direct in such Securities or Instruments created pursuant to the Security Documents or (ii) cause the Administrative Agent to have control over such Securities or Instruments. (ii) During the continuance of an Event of Default, if any Securities or Instruments (other than Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments) owned by a Guarantor are evidenced, in whole or in part, by uncertificated securities registered or recorded in records maintained by or on behalf of the issuer thereof in the name of a clearing agency or a custodian or of a nominee of either, the applicable Guarantor will notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such Securities and Instruments (unless such notice previously has been given) and, at the request and option of the Administrative Agent, (A) cause an appropriate entry to be made in the records of the clearing agency or custodian, as applicable, to record the interest of the Administrative Agent or its nominee (if the Administrative Agent or such nominee is a member of such clearing agency) or otherwise as the Administrative Agent may reasonably direct in such Securities or Instruments created pursuant to the Security Documents or (B) cause the Administrative Agent to have control over such Securities or Instruments. (iii) None of the Guarantors will, either before or after an Event of Default, make any entry in the records of a clearing agency or custodian or the applicable securities register to record any security interest of any Person, other than the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective agents, in any Securities or Instruments owned by a Guarantor, or will grant control to any Person other than the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective agents or the agent of a Guarantor over such Securities or Instruments so long as such Guarantor is the owner thereof. (iv) If any Guarantor acquires ownership of any Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments, such Guarantor will, together with the next Compliance Certificate required to be delivered in accordance with Section 6.01(1)(a)(iii) following the date of such acquisition of Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments, notify the Administrative Agent in writing and provide the Administrative Agent with a revised Schedule L recording the acquisition and particulars of such Instruments or Securities. Upon request by the Administrative Agent, such Guarantor will promptly deliver to and deposit with the Administrative Agent, or cause the Administrative Agent to have control over, all such Securities or Instruments as security for the Secured Obligations of the applicable Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which such Guarantor is party. (v) Forthwith upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that is continuing, each Guarantor will provide the Administrative Agent with a list of all Securities and Instruments (other than 

- 83 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments) held by it, and will notify the Administrative Agent of the acquisition by it of any additional Securities and Instruments (other than Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments). Upon request by the Administrative Agent during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Guarantor will promptly deliver to and deposit with the Administrative Agent, or cause the Administrative Agent to have control over, all Securities or Instruments (other than Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments) owned or held by such Guarantor, as security for the Secured Obligations of the applicable Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which such Guarantor is party. (vi) Each Guarantor will ensure that no Person other than itself, its agent or another Person on its behalf, the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective agents has possession of any certificated Securities or certificated Instruments owned by such Guarantor. (vii) Each Guarantor will, with respect to any Securities or Instruments owned by it, at the request of the Administrative Agent (but, in the case of Securities or Instruments that are not Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments, such request shall only be made during the continuance of an Event of Default) (i) cause the transfer of such Securities or Instruments to the Administrative Agent (or its nominee (if the Administrative Agent or such nominee is a member of such clearing agency) or otherwise as the Administrative Agent may reasonably direct) to be recorded in the records of a clearing agency or custodian, if and as applicable under Law, or on the applicable securities register or (ii) duly endorse such Securities or Instruments for transfer in blank or register them in the name of the Administrative Agent or its nominee or otherwise as the Administrative Agent may reasonably direct, (iii) immediately deliver to the Administrative Agent any and all consents or other documents which may be necessary to effect the transfer of such Securities or Instruments to the Administrative Agent or any third party and (iv) deliver to or otherwise cause the Administrative Agent to have control over such Securities or Instruments. (b) Intellectual Property. Promptly following the request of the Administrative Agent, each Loan Party will furnish the Administrative Agent in writing the description of all material Registered Intellectual Property or applications for material Registered Intellectual Property of such Loan Party. In addition, such Loan Party will deliver to the Administrative Agent a copy of the certificate of or other document evidencing registration of, or application for, such Registered Intellectual Property, or such other form as may be necessary or appropriate under applicable Law, in respect of such Registered Intellectual Property confirming the grant of security in such Registered Intellectual Property to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, and promptly make all such filings, registrations and recordings as are necessary to preserve, protect and perfect the Security Interest granted to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, in such Registered Intellectual Property. (c) Maintaining the Account Collateral. So long as any Accommodation or any other Secured Obligation secured by the Pledge and Security Agreement (other than contingent indemnification claims as to which no valid demand has been made, Unmatured Surviving Obligations of any Loan Party under any Credit Document shall remain unpaid or shall be outstanding, any Eligible Cash Management Agreement or Eligible Hedging Agreement shall be in effect or any Lender Party shall have any Commitment: - 84 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (i) Commencing on the date that is 60 days following the Closing Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), each U.S. Grantor will maintain deposit accounts only with the financial institution acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder or with a bank (a Pledged Account Bank that has agreed with such U.S. Grantor and the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, to comply with instructions originated by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, directing the disposition of funds in such deposit account without the further consent of such U.S. Grantor, such agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and such U.S. Grantor (a Deposit Account Control Agreement provided, however, that this Section 6.01(15)(c) shall only apply to accounts maintained in the United States and shall not apply to deposit accounts (A) used solely as a tax or payroll account, escrow account, trust account, petty cash account or flexible spending account, in each case maintained in the ordinary course of business or (B) or other deposit accounts to the extent that the aggregate amount on deposit with all such other deposit accounts does not exceed U.S. 20,000,000, or such lower amount as may be required under the Revolving Credit Agreement at any time. (ii) The Administrative Agent may (or may request that the Collateral Agent), at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, request that each U.S. Grantor instruct each Person obligated at any time to make any payment to such U.S. Grantor for any reason (an Obligor to make such payment to a Pledged Deposit Account or the Collateral Account, except that such U.S. Grantor shall not be under such obligation with respect to Persons (i) making payments to a Pledged Deposit Account or Collateral Account as of the date hereof, (ii) making payments to such U.S. Grantor of less than 250,000 a year in the aggregate, or (iii) making payments to accounts not purported to be subject to the security of the Guaranteed Parties in accordance with this Agreement, if any. (iii) The Administrative Agent may (or may request that the Collateral Agent), at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default and without notice to, or consent from, any U.S. Grantor, transfer, or direct the transfer of, funds from the Pledged Deposit Accounts to the Collateral Account to satisfy the Secured Obligations under the Security and Pledge Agreement and other Credit Documents. (iv) Upon any termination by a U.S. Grantor of any Pledged Deposit Account, such U.S. Grantor will promptly (i) to the extent transferred within the United States, transfer all funds and property held in such terminated Pledged Deposit Account to another Pledged Deposit Account or the Collateral Account and (ii) notify all Obligors that were making payments to such Pledged Deposit Account, to the extent future payments continue to be made within the United States, to make all future payments to another Pledged Deposit Account or the Collateral Account, in each case so that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall have a continuously perfected security interest in such Collateral Account, funds and property. (d) Collections on Assigned Agreements and Instruments. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6.01(15)(d), each U.S. Grantor will continue to collect, at its own expense, all amounts due or to become due to such U.S. Grantor under the Assigned Agreements, Receivables and Related Contracts (each such term being used herein as defined in the Security and Pledge Agreement). In connection with such collections, such U.S. Grantor may take (and, at the Administrative Agent s direction upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an - 85 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Event of Default, will take) such action as such U.S. Grantor or the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or advisable to enforce collection of the Assigned Agreements, Receivables and Related Contracts; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall have the right at any time, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and upon written notice to such U.S. Grantor of its intention to do so, to notify the Obligors under any Assigned Agreements or Instruments of the assignment of such Assigned Agreements and Instruments to the Administrative Agent and to direct such Obligors to make payment of all amounts due or to become due to such U.S. Grantor thereunder directly to the Administrative Agent and, upon such notification and at the expense of such U.S. Grantor, to enforce collection of any such Assigned Agreements and Instruments to adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof, in the same manner and to the same extent as such U.S. Grantor might have done, and to otherwise exercise all rights with respect to such Assigned Agreements and Instruments, including those set forth in Section 9-607 of the UCC. After receipt by any U.S. Grantor of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in the proviso to the preceding sentence upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) all amounts and proceeds (including instruments) received by such U.S. Grantor in respect of the Assigned Agreements and Instruments of such U.S. Grantor shall be deemed to be received in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent hereunder, shall be segregated from other funds of such U.S. Grantor and shall be forthwith paid over to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement) to be deposited in the Collateral Account and either (A) released to such U.S. Grantor on the terms set forth in Section 5 of the Security and Pledge Agreement so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or (B) if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, applied as provided in Section 14(b) of the Security and Pledge Agreement and (ii) upon notice from the Administrative Agent in connection with the enforcement of its rights and remedies under the Credit Documents, such U.S. Grantor will not adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment of any Receivable or amount due on any Instrument, release wholly or partly any Obligor thereof or allow any credit or discount thereon. No U.S. Grantor will permit or consent to the subordination of its right to payment under any of the Assigned Agreements or Instruments to any other indebtedness or obligations of the Obligor thereof. (e) Commercial Tort Claims. Each U.S. Grantor will promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent of any commercial tort claim of such U.S. Grantor that may arise after the date hereof with an anticipated recovery of at least 2,000,000 and will immediately execute or otherwise authenticate a supplement to the Security and Pledge Agreement, and otherwise take all action reasonably necessary to subject such commercial tort claim to the security interest created under such Security Document. (16) Financial Assistance. Each Loan Party shall comply, in each case in all material respects, with sections 151 to 158 (inclusive) of the Companies Act 1985 of England and Wales (if applicable) and all other applicable laws and regulations relating to financial assistance by a company for the acquisition or subscription for shares or relating to protection of shareholders capital in other applicable jurisdictions, including in relation to the execution and performance of the Credit Documents and the payment of amounts due under the Credit Documents. - 86 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 6.02 Negative Covenants So long as any amount owing hereunder remains unpaid or any Lender has any obligation under this Agreement, and unless consent or waiver is given in accordance with Section 16.01 hereof, no Loan Party shall: (1) Debt. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Debt other than Permitted Debt. (2) Encumbrances. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Encumbrance on any of its or their, as the case may be, respective Assets, other than Permitted Encumbrances. (3) Fundamental Changes. Merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with, or permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with it, or liquidate, dissolve or be wound up, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Loan Party may merge into, or amalgamate or consolidate with, or liquidate, dissolve or be wound up into any other Loan Party, (ii) any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party may liquidate, dissolve or be wound up into any Loan Party if such Loan Party determines in good faith that such winding up is in the best interests of such Loan Party, (iii) any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party may merge into, or amalgamate or consolidate with, any Loan Party, so long as the surviving or continuing entity is a Loan Party; (iv) any Immaterial Subsidiary may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with, any Subsidiary or liquidate, dissolve or be wound up into any Subsidiary; and (v) any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with, or liquidate, dissolve or be wound up into any other Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party. (4) Carry on Business. Engage in any business or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to engage in any business, other than the Business and businesses which are the same as or related, ancillary, incidental or complementary to the Business. (5) Disposal of Assets Generally. Dispose of, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to Dispose of, any Assets to any Person, other than Permitted Dispositions, so long as (other than in respect of a Permitted Disposition described in clause (ii) of the definition thereof) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. (6) Transactions with Affiliates. Dispose of, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to Dispose of, any Assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any Assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not more restrictive to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis 

- 87 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.02(8) or any intercompany Debt and interest thereon expressly excluded from the definition of Restricted Payment, and (d) as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement and the Credit Documents. The foregoing restrictions shall not apply to: (i) the payment of reasonable and customary fees to directors of Open Text who are not employees of Open Text, (ii) any other transaction with any employee, officer or director of the Loan Parties pursuant to employee profit sharing and/or benefit plans and compensation and non-competition arrangements in amounts customary for corporations similarly situated to the Loan Parties and entered into in the ordinary course of business and approved by the board of directors of the applicable Loan Party, or (iii) any reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred by an Affiliate of Open Text on behalf of or for the account of Open Text or any of the Loan Parties. (7) Restrictive Agreements. Directly or indirectly enter into, incur or permit to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to directly or indirectly enter into, incur or permit to exist, any agreement or other arrangement, that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Encumbrance upon any of its Assets pursuant to the Credit Documents, (b) the ability of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any Equity Securities or with respect to, or measured by, its profits or to make or repay loans or advances to any Loan Party or to provide a guarantee of any Debt of any Loan Party pursuant to the Credit Documents, (c) the ability of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to make any loan or advance to the Loan Parties, or (d) the ability of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to sell, lease or transfer any of its property to any other Loan Party; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to (i) restrictions and conditions existing on the Closing Date identified on Schedule K (but shall apply to any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), to (ii) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Assets pending such sale and such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Loan Party, Subsidiary or the Assets that are to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder; (iii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Debt permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Assets securing such Debt; and (iv) customary provisions in leases and other ordinary course contracts restricting the assignment or pledge thereof or the Assets that are the subject thereof. (8) Restricted Payments. Declare, make or pay or agree to declare, make or pay, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to declare, make or pay, or agree to declare, make or pay, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except (a) the declaration and payment of dividends with respect to the Equity Securities of Open Text payable solely in additional Equity Securities, (b) Restricted Payments by any Subsidiary of a Loan Party to its parent entity or entities (so long as, in the case of a non-wholly owned Subsidiary, such Restricted Payments are made at least ratably to the applicable parent which is a Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof), (c) regularly scheduled payments in respect of Permitted Debt, (d) Restricted Payments by the Loan Parties pursuant to and in accordance with stock option plans, profit sharing plans, employment agreements and/or other benefit plans for the directors or officers of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, provided that the aggregate amount of cash payments made by the Loan Parties in any Financial Year pursuant to all such stock option plans, profit sharing - 88 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 plans and other compensation benefit plans shall not exceed reasonable commercial amounts, (e) Restricted Payments by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, in an aggregate amount not to exceed in any Financial Year 35 of Consolidated EBITDA for such Financial Year, (f) Restricted Payments by the Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 150,000,000 in any Financial Year, and (g) the declaration and payment of dividends or other distributions with respect to, and the purchase, redemption or other acquisition of the Equity Securities of a Subsidiary of Open Text that is a Loan Party to another Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party, so long as after giving effect thereto, (x) the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.03 on a pro forma basis and (y) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. (9) Investments. Purchase, hold or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any amalgamation with any Person that was not a wholly-owned Subsidiary prior to such amalgamation), any Equity Securities, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person, except: (a) Investments by any such Loan Party or Subsidiary in the Equity Securities of any Loan Party; (b) loans or advances made by any Loan Party to any other Loan Party; (c) at any time that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result therefrom, investments by any such Loan Party or Subsidiary in the Equity Securities of an Excluded Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary or loans or advances made by any such Subsidiary to an Excluded Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary (other than investments, loans or advances existing as of the Closing Date), provided that the aggregate amount outstanding of all such investments, loans or advances made by all such Loan Parties and Subsidiaries does not at any time exceed the greater of (i) U.S. 300,000,000 and (ii) 5 of Consolidated Assets at any time (plus trade payables and amounts paid on account of services rendered, in each case, in the ordinary course of business), such amount to be determined net of Investment Credits received from Excluded Subsidiaries; (d) Permitted Debt; (e) Investments acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition; (f) Investments existing on the Closing Date in the Equity Securities listed on Schedule F(i) and any security into which such Equity Securities or such converted security may be converted from time to time; (g) Investments existing as of the Reorganization Completion Date in the Equity Securities listed on Schedule F(ii) and any security into which such Equity Securities or such converted Security may be converted from time to time; - 89 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (h) Investments consisting of the repurchase of shares of Open Text to the extent permitted under Section 6.02(8); (i) Permitted Investments; (j) Investments by any such Subsidiary that is not a Loan party in any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party; and (k) at any time that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result therefrom, other Investments in any Person engaged in a business that is the same as or related, ancillary, incidental or complementary to any business carried on by a Loan Party that are not otherwise permitted hereunder not to exceed the greater of (i) U.S. 200,000,000 and (ii) 5 of Consolidated Assets at any time, such amount to be determined net of Investment Credits received from all such Persons. (10) Acquisitions. Make any Acquisition, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to make any Acquisition, other than, and provided no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result therefrom, a Permitted Acquisition. (11) Subsidiaries. Create or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to create, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any amalgamation with any Person that was not a wholly-owned Subsidiary prior to such amalgamation), any Subsidiary unless, except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, such Subsidiary is a wholly-owned Subsidiary. (12) Lease-Backs. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and the Sale-Leaseback Transaction on market terms involving the Assets located at 5347 West 161st Street, Brook Park, Ohio, enter into, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to enter into, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby any such Loan Party or such Subsidiary shall sell or transfer any property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and whereby any such Loan Party or such Subsidiary shall then or thereafter rent or lease as lessee such property or any part thereof or other property which such Loan Party intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred. (13) Canadian Pension Plan Compliance. (a) Terminate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to terminate, any Canadian Pension Plan in a manner, or take any other action with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) fail to make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to fail to make, full payment when due of all amounts which, under the provisions of any Canadian Pension Plan, agreement relating thereto or Law, Open Text or any other Loan Party is required to pay as contributions thereto if such failure would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to, or permit any Loan Party (other than any Loan Party acquired as a result of a Permitted Acquisition) to contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to, any pension plan which provides benefits determined on a defined benefit basis or, - 90 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 if such Loan Party is liable for funding defined benefits thereunder, any multi-employer pension plan as such terms are defined in the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario), or (d) acquire, or permit any Loan Party to acquire, an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, maintains or contributes to, or, at any time in the six-year period preceding such acquisition has sponsored, maintained, or contributed to any pension plan which provides benefits determined on a defined benefit basis or, if such Person is liable for funding defined benefits thereunder, any multi-employer pension plan as such terms are defined in the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario); provided that, Open Text or any other Loan Party may acquire an interest in any such Person if such Person is acquired as a Permitted Acquisition and neither Open Text nor any of the Loan Parties has any legal liability to perform such Person s obligations or assume such Person s liabilities. (14) Amendments. Make (a) any amendments to its or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) constating documents or by-laws (or other governing documents) which, taken as a whole, are adverse in any material respect to the Lenders interests, hereunder or the Encumbrances arising under or created by the Security Documents; (2) any amendments to, or grant any waivers in respect of, Material Agreements or any guarantee or security in respect thereof in a manner that would materially and adversely affect the Lenders interests, taken as a whole, under the Credit Documents; or (3) in the case of the Revolving Credit Agreement, without limiting sub-clause (b) of this Section 6.02(14), any amendments to increase the principal amount of the Debt thereunder above the sum of the Revolving Commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement as of the Closing Date plus the principal amounts of any Incremental Facility permitted in accordance with the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement as of the Closing Date or shorten the maturity or weighted average life to maturity thereof or make any provision thereof more restrictive to the Borrower in any material respect than the corresponding provision of this Agreement. (15) Change of Auditors. Change its auditors other than to a nationally recognized accounting firm. (16) Plan and Benefit Arrangements. Not and not permit any of its Subsidiaries or any other member of the ERISA Group to: (a) fail to satisfy the minimum funding requirements of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Plan if such failure has a Material Adverse Effect; (b) request a minimum funding waiver from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Plan; (c) engage in a Prohibited Transaction with any Plan, Benefit Arrangement or Multiemployer Plan which, alone or in conjunction with any other circumstances or set of circumstances resulting in liability under ERISA, would constitute a Material Adverse Effect; (d) fail to make when due any contribution to any Multiemployer Plan that any Loan Party or any member of the ERISA Group may be required to make under any agreement relating to such Multiemployer Plan, or any Law pertaining thereto, where any such failure results in a Material Adverse Effect; 

- 91 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (e) withdraw (completely or partially) from any Multiemployer Plan or withdraw (or be deemed under Section 4062(e) of ERISA to withdraw) from any Multiple Employer Plan, where any such withdrawal results in a Material Adverse Effect; (f) terminate, or institute proceedings to terminate, any Plan, where such termination results in a Material Adverse Effect; (g) fail to make any contributions to any Plan which gives rise to the conditions for imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA; (h) fail to give any and all notices and make all disclosures and governmental filings required under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, where such failure results in a Material Adverse Effect; or (i) permit the occurrence of any Foreign Plan Event that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (17) Speculative Transactions. Engage in, or permit any Material Subsidiary to enter into, any interest rate, currency rate, commodity hedge or similar agreement, understanding or obligation, except in the normal course of business and not for speculative purposes. (18) Change of Corporate Name or Location. Change or permit any of their Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties to change (a) its incorporated name, or if not a corporation, its name as it appears in official filings in the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) change its chief executive office, principal place of business, domicile (within the meaning of the Civil Code of Qu bec) (unless such change is within the same jurisdiction), (c) change the type of entity that it is, (d) change its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or its corporate or organizational structure, and (e) in the case of any Loan Party organized under the laws of a jurisdiction within the United States, change its organizational identification number, in each case, unless Open Text provides prompt written notice thereof to Administrative Agent so that, subject to Permitted Exceptions, Administrative Agent may take such actions as are necessary as a result thereof to continue the perfection and in the case of the Province of Qu bec, publication, of any Encumbrances in favour of the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent in any Collateral. (19) Share Capital. Except in a transaction otherwise permitted under this Agreement, permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to issue any shares, or any options, warrants or securities convertible into shares, to the extent that such issuance would result in a reduction in the ownership percentage or such Loan Party in such Subsidiary. Section 6.03 Financial Covenant Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio. So long as any amount owing hereunder remains unpaid or any Lender has any obligation under this Agreement, and unless consent is given in accordance with Section 16.01 hereof, Open Text shall maintain, as at the end of each Financial Quarter, a Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio of not greater than 4.00:1.00. - 92 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 ARTICLE 7 EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 7.01 Events of Default (1) If any of the following events (each an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing: (a) a Borrower shall fail to pay any principal amount of the Accommodations Outstanding when such amount becomes due and payable; (b) a Borrower shall fail to pay any interest or Fees when the same become due and payable hereunder and such failure shall remain unremedied for five Business Days; (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by Open Text or any other Loan Party in this Agreement or any other Credit Document to which it is a party shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed to be made; (d) Open Text shall fail to perform, observe or comply with any of the covenants contained in Section 6.01(2), Section 6.02 or Section 6.03; (e) Open Text shall fail to perform, observe or comply with any of the covenants contained in Section 6.01(1)(a) and such failure shall remain unremedied for five Business Days; (f) Open Text shall fail to perform, observe or comply with any of the covenants contained in Section 6.01(1)(b) or (c) or Section 6.01(3) and such failure shall remain unremedied for fifteen Business Days; (g) Open Text or any other Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Credit Document to which it is a party (other than a covenant or agreement whose breach or default in performance is elsewhere in this Section 7.01 specifically dealt with) and such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after Open Text has received notice from the Administrative Agent of such failure to perform or observe; (h) a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall fail to pay the principal of or interest on any Debt (excluding any Debt hereunder) which is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount exceeding U.S. 125,000,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency), when such amount becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt; or any other breach, default or failure by a Loan Party shall occur with respect to any other term of such Debt, and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in any agreement or instrument relating to any such Debt, if the effect of such breach, default or failure is to cause or (in the case of a breach, default or failure with respect to a matured term of the applicable Debt) permit the acceleration of such Debt; provided that no Event of Default under this Section 7.01(1)(h) shall occur or be continuing if such failure, default or breach has been waived by the holder(s) or trustee or agent on behalf of such holder(s) of such Debt; - 93 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (i) any writ of execution or similar process is enforced or levied upon material Assets having a value of U.S. 125,000,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency) or more, net of any amounts covered by an enforceable contract of insurance, of any Loan Party and remains undischarged, unvacated and unstayed for a period (for each action) of 60 days and, in any event, later than five Business Days prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder, provided that, during such period, such process is in good faith disputed by such Loan Party; (j) any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of U.S. 125,000,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency), net of any amounts available for the satisfaction of such judgment or order pursuant to an enforceable contract of insurance, shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) and the same shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unstayed and unbonded pending appeal for a period of 60 consecutive days from the entry thereof; (k) any non-monetary judgment or order shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, and the same shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unstayed and unbonded pending appeal for a period of 60 consecutive days during which execution shall not be stayed; (l) any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) (i) fails to generally pay its debts as such debts become due; (ii) admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (iii) institutes or has instituted against it any proceeding seeking (w) the possession, foreclosure, seizure, retention, sale or other disposition of, or other proceedings to enforce security over, all or any substantial part of the Assets (having a value in excess of U.S. 125,000,000) of any Loan Party, (x) to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, (y) any liquidation, winding-up, reorganization (in each case, other than as specifically permitted hereunder), arrangement (other than as specifically permitted hereunder), protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any Law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, incorporation law or relief of debtors including any plan of compromise or arrangement or other similar corporate proceeding involving or affecting its creditors, or (z) the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, interim receiver, receiver and manger, liquidator, custodian, sequestrate or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its Assets (having a value in excess of U.S. 125,000,000), and in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against it or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, interim receiver, receiver and manger, liquidator, custodian, sequestrate or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its Assets (having a value in excess of U.S. 125,000,000)) shall occur; or (iv) the board of directors or other applicable governing body of any Loan Party adopts any resolution or otherwise authorizes action to approve any of the foregoing actions; (m) any Impermissible Qualification of the audited financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(1); - 94 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (n) any of the Credit Documents executed and delivered by any Loan Party shall cease to be in full force and effect in any material respect (taken as a whole) and such failure (i) relates to a material portion of the Collateral, and (ii) did not arise from the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to take any action within its control (without limiting the Loan Parties obligations under Section 2.11(1), 6.01(1)(c) and 6.01(11)) and (iii) shall remain unremedied for 10 Business Days; or (o) the validity of any of the Credit Documents or the applicability thereof to the Accommodations or any other Obligations purported to be secured or guaranteed thereby or any part thereof shall be contested in writing by any Loan Party; then, the Administrative Agent may, and shall at the request of the Majority Lenders, by written notice to the Borrower (i) terminate the Lenders obligations to make further Accommodations under the Term Loan Facility; and (ii) (at the same time or at any time after such termination) declare the principal amount of all outstanding Advances and all interest and Fees accrued thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement in respect of the Term Loan Facility to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind (except as required by Law), all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; provided that, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under clause (l) above with respect to the Borrower, the Lender s obligations to make further Accommodations under the Term Loan Facility shall automatically terminate and all outstanding Advances and all interest and Fees accrued thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement in respect of the Term Loan Facility shall become immediately due and payable, with any presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind from the Administrative Agent or any Lender. Section 7.02 Remedies Upon Demand and Default (1) Upon a declaration that the Accommodations Outstanding under the Term Loan Facility are immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01, the Administrative Agent shall at the request of, or may with the consent of, the Majority Lenders, commence such legal action or proceedings as it, in its sole discretion, may deem expedient, including the commencement of enforcement proceedings under the Security Documents or any other security granted by Open Text or any other Loan Party to the Collateral Agent, Administrative Agent or the Lenders, all without any additional notice, presentation, demand, protest, notice of dishonour, entering into of possession of any of the Assets, or any other action or notice (except as required by Law), all of which the Loan Parties hereby expressly waive (to the extent enforceable under Law). (2) The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Credit Documents are cumulative and are in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights or remedies. Nothing contained herein or in the Security Documents or any other security hereafter held by the Collateral Agent, Administrative Agent and the Lenders, with respect to the indebtedness or liability of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, or any part thereof, nor any act or omission of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders with respect to the Security Documents, the Collateral or 

- 95 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 such other security, shall in any way prejudice or affect the rights, remedies and powers of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder or under the Security Documents or such Collateral. ARTICLE 8 YIELD PROTECTION Section 8.01 Increased Costs; Reserves on LIBORTerm SOFR Advances (1) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: (a) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender, including LIBORTerm SOFR funds or deposits; (b) subject any Lender to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement or any Accommodations made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender in respect thereof, except for (i) Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 8.02 and (ii) the imposition, or any change in the rate, of any Excluded Tax payable by such Lender; or (c) impose on any Lender or the London applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Accommodations made by such Lender; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, or maintaining any Accommodation (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Accommodation), or to increase the cost to such Lender, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then upon request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (2) Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense (excluding any loss, cost or expense arising from Taxes) incurred by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Advance other than an ABR Advance on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make an Advance) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Advance other than an ABR Advance on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or (c) any assignment of a LIBORTerm SOFR Advance on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor pursuant to Section 3.05 or as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 8.03; - 96 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 including any loss of anticipated profits and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Advance or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not be obligated to compensate any Lender under this Section for any loss of anticipated profits in respect of any of the foregoing. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Rate excluding the impact of the last sentence of the Eurodollar Rate definition for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded.For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 8.01(2), each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each LIBORTerm SOFR Advance made by it at the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such LIBOR Advance was in fact so fundedTerm SOFR Reference Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Existing Credit Agreement, the Lenders party hereto waive the payment of any breakage loss, cost or expense under Section 8.01(2) of the Existing Credit Agreement in connection with the repayment of the Existing Term Loans on the Closing Date. (3) Liquidity or Capital Requirements. If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding liquidity or capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s liquidity or capital or on the liquidity or capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Accommodations made by such Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or its holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of its holding company with respect to liquidity or capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or its holding company for any such reduction suffered. (4) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of this Section Additional Compensation ), including a description of the event by reason of which it believes it is entitled to such compensation, and supplying reasonable supporting evidence and reasonable detail of the basis of calculation of the amount or amounts, and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. In the event the Lender subsequently recovers all or part of the Additional Compensation paid by the Borrower, it shall promptly repay an equal amount to the Borrower. The obligation to pay such Additional Compensation for subsequent periods will continue until the earlier of termination of the Accommodation or the Commitment affected by the Change in - 97 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Law, change in capital or liquidity requirement or the lapse or cessation of the Change in Law giving rise to the initial Additional Compensation. A Lender shall make reasonable efforts to limit the incidence of any such Additional Compensation and seek recovery for the account of the Borrower upon the Borrower s reasonable request at Borrower s expense, provided such Lender in its reasonable determination suffers no appreciable economic, legal, regulatory or other disadvantage. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, a Lender shall only be entitled to rely upon the provisions of this Section 8.01 if and for so long as it is generally making corresponding demands for similar amounts for similarly situated borrowers pursuant to provisions similar to the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.01 in other loan documents to which such Lender is party. (5) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, except that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefore, unless the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, in which case the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. All of the Borrower s obligations under this Section 8.01 shall survive the payment in full of the other obligations hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. Section 8.02 Taxes (1) Payments Subject to Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any Credit Document shall be made free and clear and without reduction or withholding for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that, if any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender is required by Law to deduct or pay any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes in respect of any payment by or on account of any obligation of a Loan Party hereunder or under any other Credit Document, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased by that Loan Party when payable as necessary so that after making or allowing for all required deductions and payments (including deductions and payments applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent or Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or payments been required, (ii) the Loan Party shall make any such deductions required to be made by it under Law and (iii) the Loan Party shall timely pay the full amount required to be deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Law. (2) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. Without limiting the provisions of paragraph (1) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Law. (3) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 15 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or - 98 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in respect of any payment by or on account of any obligation of a Loan Party hereunder or under any other Credit Document and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. In the event the Lender subsequently recovers by obtaining a refund, credit or otherwise, all or part of the payment made under this Section paid by the Borrower, it shall promptly repay an equal amount to the Borrower. A Lender shall make reasonable efforts to limit the incidence of any payments under this Section and seek recovery for the account of the Borrower upon the Borrower s reasonable request at the Borrower s expense, provided such Lender in its reasonable determination suffers no appreciable economic, legal, regulatory or other disadvantage and further provided that nothing in this Section shall require a Lender to disclose any Tax returns of such Lender or any other Tax information which such Lender deems to be confidential. (4) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by a Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, the Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (5) Status of Lenders. Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is resident for Tax purposes, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall, at the request of the Borrower, deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by Law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to withholding or information reporting requirements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) any Lender that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (b) any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon 

- 99 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 the request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so, whichever of the following is applicable: (i) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN (or any successor form) claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party; (ii) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor form), or (iii) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; (iv) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service; and (v) executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. (6) If a payment made by the Borrower hereunder or under any other Credit Document would be subject to United States federal withholding tax imposed pursuant to FATCA if any Lender fails to comply with applicable reporting and other requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by applicable Law or as reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, any documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including documentation prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(c)(i) of the Code or such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent for the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA), to determine the amount to withhold or deduct from such payment and to determine that such Lender has complied with such applicable reporting and other requirements of FATCA. All of the Borrower s obligations under this Section 8.02 shall survive the payment in full of the other obligations hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. Section 8.03 Mitigation Obligations: Replacement of Lenders (1) Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 8.01, or requires the Borrower to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 8.02, then such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Accommodations hereunder or to assign its rights and - 100 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender (with the prior consent of the Borrower), such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 8.01 or 8.02, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. (2) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 8.01, if the Borrower is required to pay any material additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 8.02, if any Lender s obligations are suspended pursuant to Section 8.04, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or if any Lender defaults in its obligation to fund Accommodations hereunder, then the Borrower may either, at its sole expense and effort, upon 10 days notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent (i) repay all outstanding amounts due to such affected Lender (or such portion which has not been acquired pursuant to clause (ii) below) and thereupon such Commitment of the affected Lender shall be permanently cancelled and the aggregate Commitment shall be permanently reduced by the same amount and the Commitment of each of the other Lenders shall remain the same; or (a) require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 15.01), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Credit Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: (b) (a) the Borrower pays the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 15.01(2)(d); (c) (b) the assigning Lender receives payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Accommodations Outstanding, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Credit Documents (including any breakage costs and amounts required to be paid under this Agreement as a result of prepayment to a Lender) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); (d) (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 8.01 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 8.02, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and (e) (d) such assignment does not conflict with Law. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Section 8.04 Illegality; Inability to Determine Rates (1) If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its - 101 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 applicable lending office to make or maintain any Accommodations, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon any particular rate (other than any applicable default rate to the extent the same is not chargeable under Law) or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits as U.S. Dollars in the London interbank market (other than any applicable default rate to the extent the same is not chargeable under Law), then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of such Lender with respect to the activity that is unlawful shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if conversion would avoid the activity that is unlawful, convert any Accommodations, or take any necessary steps in order to avoid the activity that is unlawful. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different lending office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. If any Lender determines, acting reasonably, that any applicable Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender to hold or benefit from an Encumbrance over real property pursuant to any Law of the United States or any state thereof, such Lender may notify the Administrative Agent and disclaim any benefit of such security interest to the extent of such illegality; provided, that such determination or disclaimer shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such Encumbrance for the benefit of any other Lender. (2) If the Majority Lenders or Administrative Agent determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a LIBOR Advance or a conversion to or continuation thereof that (a) U.S. Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such LIBOR Advance, (b) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed LIBOR Advance, or (c) the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed LIBOR Advance does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain LIBOR Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Majority Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of LIBOR Advances or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of ABR Advances in the amount specified therein. - 102 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 ARTICLE 9 RIGHT OF SETOFF Section 9.01 Right of Setoff.If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, each of the Lenders and each of their respective Affiliates hereby authorized at any time and from time to time to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all of the Obligations of the Borrower or any Guarantor now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Credit Document to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender has made any demand under this Agreement or any other Credit Document and although such Obligations of the Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.12 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff, consolidation of accounts and bankers lien) that such Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application, but the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. If any Affiliate of a Lender exercises any rights under this Section 9.01, it shall share the benefit received in accordance with Section 10.01 as if the benefit had been received by the Lender of which it is an Affiliate. ARTICLE 10 SHARING OF PAYMENTS BY LENDERS Section 10.01 Sharing of Payments by Lenders (1) If any Lender, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtains any payment or other reduction that might result in such Lender receiving payment or other reduction of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Accommodations and accrued interest thereon or other obligations hereunder greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such payment or other reduction shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Accommodations Outstanding and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Accommodations Outstanding and other amounts owing them, provided that: (a) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; 

- 103 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (b) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by any Loan Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Accommodations to any assignee or participant, other than to any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply); and (c) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (w) any payment made while no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in respect of obligations of the Borrower to such Lender that do not arise under or in connection with the Credit Documents, (x) any payment made in respect of an obligation that is secured by a Permitted Encumbrance or that is otherwise entitled to priority over the Borrower s Obligations under or in connection with the Credit Documents, (y) any reduction arising from an amount owing to a Loan Party upon the termination of derivatives entered into between the Loan Party and such Lender, or (z) any payment to which such Lender is entitled as a result of any form of credit protection obtained by such Lender. (2) The Loan Parties consent to the foregoing and agree, to the extent they may effectively do so under Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim and similar rights of Lenders with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of each Loan Party in the amount of such participation. ARTICLE 11 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S CLAWBACK Section 11.01 Administrative Agent s Claw back (1) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any advance of funds that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such advance, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement concerning funding by Lenders and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable advance available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with prevailing banking industry practice on interbank compensation. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Accommodation included in such advance. If the Lender does not do so forthwith, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on written demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon at the interest rate applicable to the advance in question. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that has failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. - 104 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (2) Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute the amount due to the Lenders. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with prevailing banking industry practice on interbank compensation. ARTICLE 12 AGENCY Section 12.01 Appointment and Authority (1) (a) Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints (and confirms the prior existing appointment of) the Administrative Agent to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Credit Documents and authorizes (and confirms the prior existing authorization of) the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. (b) The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders hereby further irrevocably appoints (and confirms the prior existing appointment of) Barclays Bank PLC to act on its behalf as a Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Credit Documents and authorizes (and confirms the prior existing authorization of) the Collateral Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, including acting as the agent of the Lenders for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Encumbrances on Collateral, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Collateral Agent shall act on behalf of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article 12 with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Collateral Agent in connection with its activities in such capacity as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in this Article 12 included the Collateral Agent with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to the Collateral Agent. (2) Without prejudice to the foregoing, each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints each of the Administrative Agent (and any successor acting as Administrative Agent) and the Collateral Agent (and any successor acting as the Collateral Agent) to, as part of its duties as Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent, act, individually or collectively, as the hypothecary representative (within the meaning of Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Qu bec) for - 105 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 all present and future creditors of the Secured Obligations (in such capacity, the Attorney to take and to hold on their behalf, and for their benefit, any hypothec granted pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec by any Loan Party, and to exercise such powers and duties which are conferred upon the Attorney under any such hypothec. For certainty, in acting as hypothecary representative, the Attorney shall benefit from and be subject to all provisions hereof with respect to the Attorney mutatis mutandis, including all such provisions with respect to the liability or responsibility to and indemnification by the Lenders. In the event of the resignation of the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent and the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent, such successor Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent shall also act as successor hypothecary representative without any further act or formality. Section 12.02 Rights as a Lender The Persons serving as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, respectively, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Persons serving as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and without any duty to account to the Lenders. Section 12.03 Exculpatory Provisions (1) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Credit Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent: (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Credit Documents that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for in the Credit Documents), but the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, to liability or that is contrary to any Credit Document or Law; and - 106 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Credit Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. (2) The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as is necessary, or as the Administrative Agent believes in good faith is necessary, under the provisions of the Credit Documents) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or wilful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final non-appealable judgment. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing the Default is given to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, by any Loan Party or a Lender. (3) Except as otherwise expressly specified in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition specified in this Agreement, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable. (4) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Credit Document, any duty, role, responsibility, action or inaction contemplated or required on the part of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in any Credit Document is expressly subject to the terms and conditions of (i) the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) the intercreditor agreement contemplated by clause (k) of the definition of Permitted Debt and Barclays Bank PLC, in its capacity as an intercreditor agent thereunder, (a) shall be entitled to the rights, powers, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities provided and afforded to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in any Credit Document and (b) is intended to be a third party beneficiary of this Section 12.03(4) with full rights and powers to enforce this Section 12.03(4) as if a party hereto. Section 12.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In 

- 107 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Accommodation that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Accommodation. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Section 12.05 Indemnification of Agents Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata, and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities to the extent determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent-Related Person s own gross negligence or wilful misconduct; provided, however, that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Majority Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or wilful misconduct for purposes of this Section 12.05. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 12.05 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person regardless of whether any Indemnified Person is a party to such investigation, litigation or proceeding. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including the fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Credit Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Borrower. The undertaking in this Section 12.05 shall survive termination of the Commitments, the payment of all other Accommodations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable. Section 12.06 Delegation of Duties The Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Credit Document by or through any one or more sub-Administrative Agents or sub-Collateral Agents appointed by the Administrative Agent from among the Lenders (including the Persons serving as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent) and their respective Affiliates. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and any such sub-Administrative Agent or sub-Collateral Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The provisions of this Article and other provisions of this Agreement for the benefit of - 108 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall apply to any such sub-Administrative Agent or sub-Collateral Agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and any such sub-Administrative Agent or sub-Collateral Agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-Administrative Agent or sub-Collateral Agent that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined in the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). Section 12.07 Replacement of Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (1) The Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may resign at any time upon 30 days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Majority Lenders shall have the right, with the prior consent of Borrower (except during the occurrence or continuation of an Event of Default, during which no consent shall be required), to appoint a successor. (2) If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent or the retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent or the retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, may, but shall not be required to, with the prior consent of Open Text (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent or successor Collateral Agent, respectively, meeting the qualifications specified in Section 12.07(1), provided that if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall notify Open Text and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent or the retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Credit Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Credit Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent or the retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent or successor Collateral Agent, respectively, is appointed) and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Majority Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent or the successor Collateral Agent, respectively, as provided for above in the preceding paragraph. Upon a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder, as applicable, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the former Administrative Agent or the former Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the former Administrative Agent or the former Collateral Agent, respectively, shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Credit Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided in the preceding paragraph). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent or successor Collateral Agent, - 109 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 as applicable, shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the termination of the service of the former Administrative Agent or former Collateral Agent, as applicable, the provisions of this Article 12 and of Article 14 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such former Administrative Agent or former Collateral Agent, its sub-Administrative Agents or sub-Collateral Agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the former Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, was acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, respectively. Section 12.08 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agents or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agents or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Section 12.09 Collective Action of the Lenders Each of the Lenders hereby acknowledges that to the extent permitted by Law, any collateral security and the remedies provided under the Credit Documents to the Lenders are for the benefit of the Lenders (including the Cash Management Banks and Hedge Lenders) collectively and acting together and not severally and further acknowledges that its rights hereunder and under any collateral security are to be exercised not severally, but by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent upon the decision of the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for in the Credit Documents). Accordingly, notwithstanding any of the provisions contained herein or in any collateral security, each of the Lenders hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not be entitled to take any action hereunder or thereunder including any declaration of default hereunder or thereunder but that any such action shall be taken only by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent with the prior written agreement of the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for in the Credit Documents). Each of the Lenders hereby further covenants and agrees that upon any such written agreement being given, it shall co-operate fully with the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the absence of instructions from the Lenders and where in the sole opinion of the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably and in good faith, the exigencies of the situation warrant such action, the Administrative Agent may without notice to or consent of the Lenders take such action (or direct the Collateral Agent to take such action) on behalf of the Lenders as it deems appropriate or desirable in the interest of the Lenders. - 110 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 12.10 No Other Duties, etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, neither the Lead Arranger nor holders of similar titles, if any, specified in this Agreement shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender hereunder. Section 12.11 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Borrowing shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Borrowings and all other Obligations hereunder that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07, 2.08, 3.05 and 14.01) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Collateral Agent and the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07, 2.08, 3.05 and 14.01. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the obligations hereunder or the rights of any Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. Section 12.12 Certain ERISA Matters (1) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

- 111 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (a) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Accommodations or the Commitments, (b) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement, (c) (i) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (ii) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (iv) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (d) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. (2) In addition, unless sub-clause (a) in the immediately preceding clause (1) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (d) in the immediately preceding clause (1), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that: (a) none of the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Credit Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto), (b) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least 50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E), - 112 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (c) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations), (d) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and (e) no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or the Lead Arranger or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Accommodations, the Commitments or this Agreement. (3) The Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Accommodations or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Accommodations or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Credit Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. ARTICLE 13 NOTICES: EFFECTIVENESS; ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION Section 13.01 Notices, etc. (1) Notices Generally. Except as provided in paragraph (2) below, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier to the addresses or telecopier numbers specified elsewhere in this Agreement or, if to a Lender, to it at its address or telecopier number specified in the Register or, if to a Loan Party other than Open Text, in care of Open Text. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given on a Business Day between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. local time where the - 113 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 recipient is located, shall be deemed to have been given at 9:00 a.m. on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (2) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (2). (2) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites, including SyndTrak) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of the use of any web platform (such as SyndTrak) reasonably acceptable to Open Text, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (b) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. The Borrower hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Lead Arranger will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on SyndTrak or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or their Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (w) all the Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger and the Lenders to treat the Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its - 114 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent the Borrower Materials constitute information governed by Section 20.01, they shall be treated as set forth therein); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat the Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT-RELATED PERSONS DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT-RELATED PERSON IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall any Agent-Related Person have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person or entity for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Platform, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of such Agent-Related Person; provided that in no event shall any Agent-Related Person have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential damages or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). (3) Change of Address, Etc. Each Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lead Arranger may change its address or telecopier number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto and each Lender hereto may change its address or telecopier number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and Administrative Agent. ARTICLE 14 EXPENSES; INDEMNITY: DAMAGE WAIVER Section 14.01 Expenses; Indemnity: Damage Waiver (1) Costs and Expenses. Each Loan Party shall pay (i) subject to any applicable fee letters, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (limited to one 

- 115 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 U.S. counsel, one Canadian counsel and appropriate local counsel and in the case of any actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel to each affected Indemnitee and its related persons in each of Canada and the United States and, if necessary, appropriate local counsel), in connection with the syndication of the Term Loan Facility provided for herein and the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents or of any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Accommodations issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Accommodations. Except as expressly provided in this Section 14.01(1) or as otherwise provided in this Agreement, none of the Loan Parties shall be obligated to pay any out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arranger, the Lenders or any Related Person of the foregoing Persons. (2) Indemnification by the Loan Parties. Subject to the limitations contained in Section 14.01(1), each Loan Party shall indemnify, jointly and severally, each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arranger, each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable costs and fees of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance or non-performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation or non-consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Accommodation or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Substances on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party, or any Environmental Liabilities related in any way to any Loan Party, or (iv) any actual claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by a Loan Party and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (the foregoing collectively being the Indemnified Liabilities ), provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 14.01(2) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses arising from any non-Tax Indemnified Liability. (3) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under paragraph (1) or (2) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-Administrative Agent thereof), the Collateral Agent (or any sub-Collateral Agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-Administrative Agent), the - 116 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Collateral Agent (or any such sub-Collateral Agent) or such Related Party, such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-Administrative Agent) or the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-Collateral Agent), as applicable, in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-Administrative Agent) or the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-Collateral Agent), as applicable, in connection with such capacity. (4) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for indirect, consequential, punitive, aggravated or exemplary damages (as opposed to direct damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby (or any breach thereof), the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Accommodation or the use of the proceeds thereof. (5) Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after demand therefor. A certificate of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts owing to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, Lender or a sub-Administrative Agent, a sub-Collateral Agent or Related Party, as the case may be, as specified in this Section, including reasonable detail of the basis of calculation of the amount or amounts, and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. All of the Loan Parties Obligations under this Section 14.01 shall survive the payment in full of the other Obligations hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. ARTICLE 15 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS Section 15.01 Successors and Assigns (1) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (2) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (6) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (8) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (6) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. - 117 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (2) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Accommodations Outstanding at the time owing to it); provided that: (a) except if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Accommodations Outstanding at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment being assigned (which for this purpose includes Accommodations Outstanding hereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Accommodations Outstanding of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than U.S. 1,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents to a lower amount (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (b) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Accommodations Outstanding or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause Section 15.01(2)(b) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate credits on a non-pro rata basis; (c) any assignment must be approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless the proposed assignee is itself already a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; (d) any assignment must be approved by the Borrower, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after having received notice thereof), unless the proposed assignee is itself already a Lender with the same type of Commitment or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and if the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of U.S. 3,500 (other than in the case of multiple contemporaneous assignments by a Lender to affiliate funds or Approved Funds, in which case only one such fee shall be payable), which fee shall not be for the account of the Loan Parties, and the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire; and (e) in connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of - 118 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Advances previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), and to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon); provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (4) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement with respect to the interest assigned and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, including any collateral security, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Article 8 and Article 14, and shall continue to be liable for any breach of this Agreement by such Lender, with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any payment by an assignee to an assigning Lender in connection with an assignment or transfer shall not be or be deemed to be a repayment by the Borrower or a new Accommodation to the Borrower. (3) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 15.01 or any other provision of this Agreement, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, each Lender shall have the right at any time to sell, assign or transfer all or a portion of its Term Loan Commitment, Term Loans, Incremental Term Loan Commitment or Incremental Term Loans owing to it to the Borrower on a pro rata basis (provided, that each assignment shall be of a uniform, and not varying, percentage of all rights and obligations under and in respect of any applicable Term Loan and any related Term Loan Commitments, or any applicable Incremental Term Loan and any related Incremental Term Loan Commitments, as applicable), subject to the following limitations: (a) (i) such repurchase shall be effected pursuant to one or more modified Dutch auctions (each, an Auction ), provided that, (ii) notice of the Auction shall be made to all Term Lenders and Incremental Term Lenders and (iii) the Auction shall be conducted pursuant to such procedures as the Auction Manager may establish which are consistent with this Section 15.01 and the Auction Procedures set forth on Schedule 8 and are otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; 

- 119 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (b) With respect to all repurchases made by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 15.01, (i) the Borrower shall deliver to the Auction Manager a certificate of a Responsible Officer stating that (x) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from such repurchase and (y) as of the launch date of the related Auction and the effective date of any Affiliate Assignment Agreement, it is not in possession of any information regarding the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their Affiliates, or their assets, the Borrower s ability to perform its obligations or any other matter that may be material to a decision by any Lender to participate in any Auction or enter into any Affiliate Assignment Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated thereby that has not previously been disclosed to the Auction Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Non-Public Lenders and (ii) the assigning Lender and the Borrower shall execute and deliver to the Auction Manager an Affiliate Assignment Agreement; and (c) Following repurchase by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 15.01, the Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans so repurchased shall, without further action by any Person, be deemed cancelled for all purposes and no longer outstanding (and may not be resold by the Borrower), for all purposes of this Agreement and all other Credit Documents, including, but not limited to (i) the making of, or the application of, any payments to the Lenders under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, (ii) the making of any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver under this Agreement or any other Credit Document or (iii) the determination of the Majority Lenders, or for any similar or related purpose, under this Agreement or any other Credit Document. In connection with any Term Loans and Incremental Term Loans repurchased and cancelled pursuant to this Section 15.01, the Administrative Agent is authorized to make appropriate entries in the Register to reflect any such cancellation. (4) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in New York, New York a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Accommodations Outstanding owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender (but, only in the case of a Lender, at the Administrative Agent s office and with respect to any entry relating to such Lender s Commitments and their Obligations), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon written request by Open Text, the Administrative Agent shall deliver a copy of the Register to Open Text within 5 Business Days after any such request. (5) Limitations upon Assignee Rights. Except in the case of an assignment made during the continuance of an Event of Default, no assignee shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 8.01 and 8.02 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the Commitments and Accommodations assigned to such assignee, unless such assignment is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. (6) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural - 120 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Person, a Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Accommodations Outstanding owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in clause (2) of Section 16.01 that directly affects such Participant. Any payment by a Participant to a Lender in connection with a sale of a participation shall not be or be deemed to be a repayment by the Borrower or a new Accommodation to the Borrower. Subject to paragraph (7) of this Section, and to the extent permitted by Law, each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Article 8 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (2) of this Section, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Article 10 as though it were a Lender. (7) Limitations upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 8.01 and 8.02, and in respect of any breakage costs payable hereunder, than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. (8) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (9) Participant Register. The applicable Lender, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower (solely for tax purposes), shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant, and the amount of each such Participant s interest in such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of the applicable rights and/or obligations of such Lender under this Agreement. No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Credit Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. - 121 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 ARTICLE 16 AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS Section 16.01 Amendments and Waivers (1) Subject to Sections 16.01(2), (3) and (6) (in which cases, for clarification, those subsections shall exclusively apply and this subsection shall not apply), no acceptance, amendment or waiver of any provision of any of the Credit Documents, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Person from such provisions, shall be effective unless in writing and approved by the Majority Lenders. Any acceptance, amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. (2) Only written acceptances, amendments, waivers or consents signed by all affected Lenders shall (i) increase a Lender s Commitment or subject any Lender to any additional obligation; (ii) reduce the principal or amount of, or (except as set forth in Section 3.04(3)) interest on, directly or indirectly, any Accommodation Outstanding or any Fees; (iii) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Accommodation Outstanding or any Fees; (iv) change the percentage of the Commitments or the number or percentage of Lenders required for the Lenders, or any of them, or the Administrative Agent to take any action; (v) other than in connection with a Disposition permitted hereunder or where the Minimum Guarantor Coverage is complied with after giving effect to such termination or release, permit any termination of any of the guarantees required hereunder or the Security Documents or release any of the guarantees or the Collateral subject to the Security Documents; (vi) change the definition of Majority Lenders; (vii) amend Section 2.10; (viii) amend this Section 16.01(2); or (ix) amend the definition of Interest Period so as to permit intervals in excess of six months without regard to the availability of all affected Lenders. (3) Only written acceptances, amendments, waivers or consents signed by the Administrative Agent, in addition to the Majority Lenders, shall affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under the Credit Documents. (4) No Defaulting Lender or Affiliate thereof shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders or Affiliates thereof), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender or Affiliate may not be increased or extended, the maturity of any of its Advances may not be extended, the rate of interest on any of its Advances may not, except as set forth in Section 3.04(3), be reduced and the principal amount of any of its Borrowings may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender or Affiliate in its capacity as a Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate. (5) In the event that any Lender (a Non-Consenting Lender fails to consent to any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any provision - 122 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 hereof or of any other Credit Document that requires the unanimous approval of all of the Lenders or the approval of all of the Lenders directly affected thereby, in each case in accordance with the terms of this Section, the Borrower shall be permitted to replace such Non-Consenting Lender with a replacement financial institution satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, so long as the consent of the Majority Lenders shall have been obtained with respect to such amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent; provided that (i) such replacement does not conflict with any Law, (ii) the replacement financial institution shall purchase, at par, all Accommodations and other amounts owing to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to the Credit Documents on or prior to the date of replacement, (iii) the replacement financial institution shall approve the proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent, (iv) the Borrower shall be liable to the Non-Consenting Lender for any breakage costs if any LIBORSOFR Advance owing to the Non-Consenting Lender shall be purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto, (v) the Non-Consenting Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.01 (provided that the Borrower shall be obligated to pay the registration and processing fee referred to in Section 15.01(2)(d)), (vi) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the Borrower shall pay to the Non-Consenting Lender all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Article 9, as the case may be, (vii) the Borrower shall provide at least three (3) Business Days prior notice to the Non-Consenting Lender, and (viii) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the Non-Consenting Lender. In the event any Non-Consenting Lender fails to execute the agreements required under Section 15.01 in connection with an assignment pursuant to this Section, the Borrower may, upon two (2) Business Days prior notice to the Non-Consenting Lender, execute such agreements on behalf of the Non-Consenting Lender, and each such Lender hereby grants to the Borrower (and to any of them) an irrevocable power of attorney (which shall be coupled with an interest) for such purpose. (6) Only written acceptances, amendments, waivers or consents signed by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, in addition to the Majority Lenders, shall affect the rights or duties of the Collateral Agent under the Credit Documents. (7) Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 16.01(2), but notwithstanding anything else to the contrary contained in this Section 16.01, with respect to any provision contained in this Agreement relating to the Term Loan Facility, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and a majority in interest of the Lenders under the Term Loan Facility shall be permitted to amend such provision, without the consent of any other Lender, solely to the extent that such amendment does not impair the rights, obligations or interests of any other Lender under this Agreement in any material respect. (8) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 16.01, if at any time after the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of the Credit Documents, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Credit Document. 

- 123 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (9) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 16.01, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may, without consent of any other Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of Section 2.01(4) and/or 2.13, including any amendments necessary to establish Commitments made by way of a new tranche of Term Loan Advances and such other technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new tranche, in each case on terms consistent with Section 2.01(4) or 2.13, as applicable. (10) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 16.01, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, together with the lenders party to the Revolving Credit Agreement, shall be permitted, but not obligated, to amend this Agreement to add the facilities under the Revolving Credit Agreement as facilities under this Agreement. Such amendments may include (a) providing for such facilities to receive mandatory prepayments on the same basis as the Revolving Credit Agreement facilities are permitted to receive them under Section 2.05 of this Agreement as of the date hereof, (b) allowing any financial covenant which is applicable only to the Revolving Credit Facility to be amended solely with the consent of Majority Revolving Lenders (each as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) and (c) treating each of the facilities under the Revolving Credit Agreement as a separate Credit Facility hereunder which may amend provisions related solely to it with only the consent of a majority in interest of the lenders in respect of such Credit Facility. In no event shall any provision contained in the Revolving Credit Agreement be made more restrictive pursuant to this clause (10) than such provision as in effect on the date of this Agreement, and if any provision of the Revolving Credit Agreement shall be more restrictive on the date of any amendment pursuant to this clause (10) than the corresponding provision of this Agreement, then the corresponding provision of this Agreement shall be automatically (without further action by any Person) amended to be the same as such provision of the Revolving Credit Agreement. Section 16.02 Judgment Currency. (1) If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due to a Lender in any currency (the Original Currency into another currency (the Other Currency ), the parties agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, such Lender could purchase the Original Currency with the Other Currency on the Business Day preceding the day on which final judgment is given or, if permitted by Law, on the day on which the judgment is paid or satisfied. (2) The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due in the Original Currency from it to any Lender under any of the Credit Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in any Other Currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Lender of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Other Currency, the Lender may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase the Original Currency with such Other Currency. If the amount of the Original Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Lender in the Original Currency, the Borrower agree, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding the judgment, to indemnify the Lender, against any loss, and, if the amount of - 124 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 the Original Currency so purchased exceeds the sum originally due to the Lender in the Original Currency, the Lender shall remit such excess to the Borrower. Section 16.03 Releases. Upon the Disposition of any item of Collateral of any Loan Party in accordance with the terms of the Credit Documents, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent will, at the applicable Loan Party s expense, execute and deliver to such Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the Encumbrances granted under the Security Documents in accordance with the terms of the Credit Documents, and, in the case of any Disposition involving the sale of any Guarantor (to the extent permitted by the Credit Documents), a release of such Loan Party from its obligations under the Guarantee and all other Credit Documents to which it is bound or subject. ARTICLE 17 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; ETC. Section 17.01 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. (1) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable in that Province. (2) Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Credit Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. (3) Waiver of Venue. Each Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document in any court referred to in paragraph (2) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the defence of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. - 125 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 ARTICLE 18 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL Section 18.01 Waiver of Jury Trial EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. ARTICLE 19 MISCELLANEOUS Section 19.01 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution (1) Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement shall become effective when it has been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent has received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or by sending a scanned copy by electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. (2) Electronic Execution of Assignments. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based record keeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Law, including Parts 2 and 3 of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada), the Electronic Commerce Act, 2000 (Ontario) and other similar federal or provincial laws based on the Uniform Electronic Commerce Act of the Uniform Law Conference of Canada or its Uniform Electronic Evidence Act, as the case may be. Section 19.02 Severability If any provision of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this - 126 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 19.02, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Law, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. Section 19.03 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (4) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. Section 19.04 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative; Enforcement. No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, remedy, power or privilege, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right remedy, power or privilege, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies remedy, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the Credit Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers or privileges that any such Person would otherwise have. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Credit Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Credit Documents against the Borrower shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Article 12 for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, (a) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 9.01 (subject to the terms of Section 2.12) or (b) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a 

- 127 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 proceeding relative to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law; provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, then (x) the Majority Lenders shall have the rights otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 12.01 and (y) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (ii), and (iii) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.12, any Lender may, with the consent of the Majority Lenders, enforce any rights or remedies available to it and as authorized by the Majority Lenders. Section 19.05 Affiliate Activities. The Borrower acknowledge that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lead Arranger (and each of their respective Affiliates) is a full service securities firm engaged, either directly or through affiliates, in various activities, including securities trading, investment banking and financial advisory, investment management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities and financial planning and benefits counseling for both companies and individuals. In the ordinary course of these activities, it may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and/or financial instruments (including bank loans) for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and may at any time hold long and short positions in such securities and/or instruments. Such investment and other activities may involve securities and instruments of the Borrower and their respective affiliates, as well as of other entities and persons and their Affiliates which may (i) be involved in transactions arising from or relating to the engagement contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents (ii) be customers or competitors of the Borrower and their respective Affiliates, or (iii) have other relationships with the Borrower and their respective Affiliates. In addition, it may provide investment banking, underwriting and financial advisory services to such other entities and persons. It may also co-invest with, make direct investments in, and invest or co-invest client monies in or with funds or other investment vehicles managed by other parties, and such funds or other investment vehicles may trade or make investments in securities of the Borrower and their respective Affiliates or such other entities. The transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents may have a direct or indirect impact on the investments, securities or instruments referred to in this paragraph. Section 19.06 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Credit Document), each of the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges and agrees that it has informed its other Affiliates, that: (i) (A) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between any of the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries and the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lead Arranger is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents, irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lead Arranger has advised or is advising any of the Borrower their respective Subsidiaries on other matters, (B) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arranger are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and - 128 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 the Lead Arranger, on the other hand, (C) each of the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (D) each of the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arranger each are and have been acting solely as principal and, except as may otherwise be expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lead Arranger has any obligation to the Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Credit Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent nor any Lead Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests and transactions to the Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, each of the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and Lead Arranger with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. Section 19.07 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Credit Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. - 129 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 ARTICLE 20 TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INFORMATION: CONFIDENTIALITY Section 20.01 Treatment of Certain Information: Confidentiality (1) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to it, its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (in each of the foregoing cases, to the extent necessary to administer or enforce this Agreement and the other Credit Documents) (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential; provided that the Administrative Agent or any such Lender shall be responsible for compliance with this Section 20.01(1) by any of its Controlled Affiliates or its or any such Controlled Affiliates directors, officers or employees to the extent that any such Controlled Affiliate or its or any such Controlled Affiliates directors, officers or employees receives any Information), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority), (c) to the extent required by Laws or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Credit Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap, derivative, credit-linked note or similar transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations or (iii) any actual or prospective provider of cash management services to any Loan Party, (g) (i) to a Person that is an investor or prospective investor in a Securitization that agrees that its access to information regarding the Loan Parties and the Accommodations is solely for purposes of evaluating an investment in such Securitization and who agrees to otherwise be bound by the provisions of this clause (1), (ii) to a Person that is a trustee, collateral manager, servicer, noteholder or secured party in a Securitization in connection with the administration, servicing and reporting on the assets serving as collateral for such Securitization and who agrees to otherwise be bound by the provisions of this clause (1); (iii) to a nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information regarding the Loan Parties, the Accommodations and Credit Documents in connection with ratings issued with respect to a securitization facility collateralized, in part, by the Accommodations (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and shall agree to keep such Information confidential on the terms set forth in this clause (1)); (h) with the prior written consent of the Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section by such Person or actually known to such Person or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than a Loan Party. If the Administrative Agent or any Lender is requested or required to disclose any Information (other than by any bank examiner) pursuant to or as required by Laws or by a subpoena or similar legal process, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, shall, if practicable and unless prohibited by Law, use its reasonable commercial efforts to provide the Borrower with notice of such requests or obligation in sufficient time so that the Borrower may seek an appropriate protective order or waive the Administrative Agent s, or such Lender s, as applicable, compliance with the provisions of this Section, and the - 130 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Administrative Agent and such Lender, as applicable, shall, to the extent reasonable, co-operate with the Borrower in the Borrower obtaining any such protective order. (2) For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from any Loan Party relating to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to such receipt or that was already in the possession of the Administrative Agent or any Lender prior to such receipt. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information in accordance with its internal policies. In addition, the Administrative Agent may disclose to any agency or organization that assigns standard identification numbers to loan facilities such basic information describing the facilities provided hereunder as is necessary to assign unique identifiers (and, if requested, supply a copy of this Agreement), it being understood that the Person to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to make available to the public only such Information as such Person normally makes available in the course of its business of assigning identification numbers. (3) In addition, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent may provide to Loan Pricing Corporation and/or other recognized trade publishers information concerning the Borrower and the Term Loan Facility established herein of the nature customarily provided to Loan Pricing Corporation and/or other recognized trade publishers of such information for general circulation in the loan market. (4) Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the names and addresses of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act. ARTICLE 21 GUARANTEE Section 21.01 Guarantee. To induce the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders to execute and deliver this Agreement and to make or maintain the Accommodations, and in consideration thereof, each Guarantor hereby, jointly and severally, and irrevocably and unconditionally, guarantees to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the Cash Management Banks and the Hedge Lenders (the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the Cash Management Banks and the Hedge Lenders are collectively, the Guaranteed Parties and each a Guaranteed Party ), due and punctual payment and performance to the Guaranteed Parties upon written demand made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement of all debts, liabilities and obligations of or owing (a) by the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Credit Document and (b) by any other Loan Party under any Eligible Cash Management 

- 131 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Agreement or any Eligible Hedging Agreement, in each case, to any Guaranteed Party at any time, present and future, direct or indirect, absolute and contingent, matured or not, and all amendments, restatements, renewals, extensions or supplements and continuations thereof, and whether as principal or surety, and including all liabilities of the Borrower arising as a consequence of its failure to pay or fulfil any of such debts, liabilities and obligations, excluding for all purposes of the foregoing for each Guarantor, all Hedging Obligations that constitute Excluded Hedging Obligations for such Guarantor (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations or the Secured Obligations ). Each Guarantor which is incorporated or formed under the laws of a jurisdiction located within the United States, and by its acceptance of this Guarantee, the Administrative Agent and each Lender, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Guarantee and the Obligations of such Guarantor hereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of U.S. bankruptcy laws, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to this Guarantee and the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and such Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor under this Guarantee at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will not result in the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor under this guarantee constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance. Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that in the event any payment shall be required to be made to any Lender under this Guarantee or any other guarantee, such Guarantor will contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by Law, such amounts to each other Guarantor and each other guarantor so as to maximize the aggregate amount paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of the Credit Documents. Section 21.02 Indemnity. In addition to the guarantee specified in Section 21.01, each Guarantor agrees to, jointly and severally, indemnify and save each Guaranteed Party harmless from and against all costs, losses, expenses and damages it may suffer as a result or consequence of the Borrower s default in the performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, any of the Guaranteed Obligations being or becoming void, voidable or unenforceable or ineffective against the Borrower, or any inability by any Guaranteed Party to recover the ultimate balance due or remaining unpaid to such Guaranteed Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations reasonable legal fees incurred by or on behalf of any Guaranteed Party resulting from any action instituted on the basis of this Guarantee, provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Guaranteed Party, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of such Guaranteed Party. Section 21.03 Payment and Performance. (1) If the Borrower fails or refuses to punctually make any payment or perform its Guaranteed Obligations, each Guarantor shall unconditionally render any such payment or performance upon demand in accordance with the terms of this Guarantee. - 132 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 (2) Nothing but payment and satisfaction in full of the Guaranteed Obligations shall release any Guarantor from its obligations under this Guarantee, except for the disposition of such Guarantor in a transaction permitted by this Agreement. Section 21.04 Continuing Obligation. The only condition (and no other document, proof or action other than as specifically provided in this Guarantee is) necessary as a condition of each Guarantor honouring its obligations under this Guarantee shall be a written demand by the Administrative Agent following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing. This Guarantee shall be a continuing guarantee, shall cover all the Guaranteed Obligations, and shall apply to and secure any ultimate balance due or remaining unpaid to any Guaranteed Party. This Guarantee shall continue to be binding regardless of: (1) whether any other Person or Persons (an Additional Guarantor shall become in any other way responsible to any Guaranteed Party for, or in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; (2) whether any such Additional Guarantor shall cease to be so liable; (3) the enforceability, validity, perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection of any security interest securing the Guaranteed Obligations, or the validity or enforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (4) whether any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations has been made and where such payment is rescinded or must otherwise be returned upon the occurrence of any action or event, including the insolvency or bankruptcy of any Loan Party or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. Section 21.05 Guarantee Unaffected. This Guarantee shall not be determined or affected, or the Guaranteed Parties rights under this Guarantee prejudiced by, the termination of any Guaranteed Obligations by operation of law or otherwise, including the bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation of any Loan Party, any change in the name, business, powers, capital structure, constitution, objects, organization, directors or management of any Loan Party, with respect to transactions occurring either before or after such change. This Guarantee is to extend to the liabilities of the Person or Persons for the time being and from time to time carrying on the business now carried on by any Loan Party, notwithstanding any reorganization of any Loan Party or any Additional Guarantor or the amalgamation of any Loan Party or any Additional Guarantor with one or more other corporations (in this case, this Guarantee shall extend to the liabilities of the resulting corporation and the terms Guarantor , and Additional Guarantor shall include such resulting corporation) or any sale or disposal of any Loan Party s or the Additional Guarantor s business in whole or in part to one or more other Persons and all of such liabilities shall be included in the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor agrees that the manner in which the Guaranteed Parties may now or subsequently deal with any other Loan Party or any Additional Guarantor or any security (or any collateral subject to the security) or other guarantee in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations shall have no effect on any Guarantor s continuing liability under - 133 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 this Guarantee and such Guarantor irrevocably waives any rights it may have in respect of any of the above. Section 21.06 Waivers. Each Guarantor waives each of the following, to the fullest extent permitted by Law: (1) any defence based upon: (a) the unenforceability or invalidity of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any security or other guarantee for the Guaranteed Obligations or any failure of any Guaranteed Party to take proper care or act in a commercially reasonable manner in respect of any security for the Guaranteed Obligations or any collateral subject to the security, including in respect of any disposition of the Collateral or any set-off of any Loan Party s bank deposits against the Guaranteed Obligations; (b) any act or omission of a Loan Party or any other Person, including the Guaranteed Parties, that directly or indirectly results in the discharge or release of a Loan Party or any other Person or any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for the Guaranteed Obligations; or (c) any Guaranteed Party s present or future method of dealing with any Loan Party, any Additional Guarantor or any security (or any collateral subject to the security) or other guarantee for the Guaranteed Obligations; (2) any right (whether now or hereafter existing) to require any Guaranteed Party, as a condition to the enforcement of this Guarantee including any indemnity provided for herein: (a) to accelerate any of the Guaranteed Obligations or proceed and exhaust any recourse against a Loan Party or any other Person; (b) to realize on any security that it holds; (c) to marshall the assets of such Guarantor or any other Loan Party; or (d) to pursue any other remedy that such Guarantor may not be able to pursue itself and that might limit or reduce such Guarantor s burden; (3) presentment, demand, protest and notice of any kind including notices of default and notice of acceptance of this Guarantee; (4) all suretyship defences and rights of every nature otherwise available under Ontario law and the laws of any other jurisdiction; and (5) all other rights and defences (legal or equitable) the assertion or exercise of which would in any way diminish the liability of such Guarantor under this Guarantee. - 134 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 21.07 Guaranteed Parties Right to Act. Each Guaranteed Party has the right to deal with any Guarantor, the documents creating or evidencing the Guaranteed Obligations and the security (or any collateral subject to the security) now or subsequently held by any Guaranteed Party (including all modifications, extensions, replacements, amendments, renewals, restatements, and supplements to such documents or security) as such Guaranteed Party may see fit, without notice to any Guarantor or any Additional Guarantor and without in any way affecting, relieving, limiting or lessening such Guarantor s or any Additional Guarantor s liability under this Guarantee. Without limitation, each Guaranteed Party may: (1) grant time, renewals, extensions, indulgences, releases and discharges to any Guarantor; (2) take new or additional security (including other guarantees) from any Guarantor; (3) discharge or partially discharge any or all existing security; (4) elect not to take security from any Guarantor or not to perfect security; (5) cease or refrain from, or continuing to, giving credit or making loans or advances to any Guarantor; (6) accept partial payment or performance from any Guarantor or otherwise waive compliance by any Guarantor with the terms of any of the documents or security; (7) assign any such document or security to any Person or Persons; (8) deal or dispose in any manner (whether commercially reasonably or not) with any security (or any collateral subject to the security) or other guarantee for the Guaranteed Obligations; or (9) apply all dividends, compositions and moneys at any time received from any Guarantor or others or from the security upon such part of the Guaranteed Obligations as each Guaranteed Party deems appropriate. Section 21.08 Assignment and Postponement. All indebtedness and liability, present and future, of each Loan Party to each Guarantor are hereby assigned to the Administrative Agent on behalf and for the benefit of the Guaranteed Parties and postponed to the Guaranteed Obligations, and, following the occurrence of an Event of Default that is continuing, all monies received by any Guarantor in respect thereof shall be received in trust for the Guaranteed Parties and forthwith upon receipt thereof shall be paid over to the Administrative Agent on behalf and for the ratable benefit of the Guaranteed Parties; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, absent the continuance of an Event of Default, this Section 21.08 shall not prohibit or restrict payments and repayments by or to any Guarantor to the extent otherwise permitted by this Agreement. 

- 135 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 Section 21.09 Action or Inaction. Except as otherwise provided at Law, no action or omission on the part of any Guaranteed Party in exercising or failing to exercise its rights under this Section or in connection with or arising from all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations shall make any Guaranteed Party liable to any Guarantor for any loss occasioned to such Guarantor. No loss of or in respect of any securities received by any Guaranteed Party from any other Loan Party or others, whether occasioned by any Guaranteed Party s fault or otherwise, shall in any way affect, relieve, limit or lessen any Guarantor s liability under this Guarantee. Section 21.10 Guaranteed Parties Rights. The rights and remedies provided in this Section are cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently, and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Law. Section 21.11 Demand. The Administrative Agent may make demand in writing to any Guarantor at any time and from time to time after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each such written demand to be accepted by such Guarantor as complete and satisfactory evidence of the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations to be paid by such Guarantor absent manifest error. Each Guarantor shall pay to the Administrative Agent such amount or amounts payable under this Guarantee immediately upon such written demand. Section 21.12 No Representations. Each Guarantor acknowledges that this Guarantee has been delivered free of any conditions and that there are no representations which have been made to such Guarantor affecting such Guarantor s liability under this Guarantee except as may be specifically embodied in this Guarantee and agrees that this Guarantee is in addition to and not in substitution for any other guarantee(s) held or which may subsequently be held by or for the benefit of any Guaranteed Party. Section 21.13 Keepwell. Each Guarantor that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time of the Guarantee made by such Guarantor that is not then an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder (a Specified Loan Party or the grant of a security interest under the Credit Documents by any such Specified Loan Party, in either case, becomes effective with respect to any Hedging Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Hedging Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its Obligations under the Credit Documents in respect of such Hedging Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantor s Obligations and undertakings under this Section 21.13, or otherwise under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, voidable under applicable Debtor Relief Laws, and not for any greater amount). The Obligations and undertakings of each applicable Guarantor - 136 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 under this Article shall remain in full force and effect until the Guaranteed Obligations have been paid in full and the commitments relating thereto have expired or been terminated. Each Guarantor intends this Section 21.13 to constitute, and this Section 21.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the Obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. Section 21.14 Intercreditor Agreement. Each Lender hereby approves the Intercreditor Agreement and authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute the Intercreditor Agreement on its behalf. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, any requirement under this Agreement or under any other Credit Document providing for Collateral to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall be satisfied upon the delivery of such Collateral to the Authorized Representative (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) for the applicable Secured Parties. ARTICLE 22 AFFIRMATION OF GUARANTEES AND SECURITY DOCUMENTS Section 22.01 Affirmation . The obligations of each Guarantor contained in the Guarantees shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby confirmed, renewed, affirmed and continued by this Agreement and are enforceable against the Loan Parties and each of the Guarantors. All rights, benefits, interests, duties, liabilities and obligations of the parties to the Security Documents, as amended below, are hereby confirmed, renewed, affirmed and continued by this Agreement and continue to secure, apply and extend to all debts, liabilities and obligations, present or future, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time or from time to time due or accruing due and owing by or otherwise payable by the Loan Parties and each Guarantor to the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined in the Security Documents), or any one or more of them, in any currency, under, in connection with or pursuant to the Guarantees and any other Credit Document to which the Loan Parties and each Guarantor is a party. Without limitation of the foregoing, all security interests, pledges, assignments and other Encumbrances previously granted by any Guarantor, as a Grantor, pursuant to the Security Documents are confirmed, renewed, affirmed and continued by this Agreement, and all such security interests, pledges, assignments and other Encumbrances shall remain in full force and effect as security for all obligations thereunder with no change in the priority applicable thereto, in each case, subject only to Encumbrances permitted under the Credit Documents, to the extent provided therein. References in the Security Documents to which each of the Loan Parties and each Guarantor is a party are hereby amended to replace the definition of Credit Agreement with the following: Credit Agreement means the credit agreement dated as of January 16, 2014, as Amended as of June 16, 2016 and as of February 22, 2017, and Amended and Restated as - 137 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 of May 30, 2018, among Open Text Corporation, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the financial institutions named therein as Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, modified, extended, renewed, replaced, restated, supplemented or refinanced from time to time and includes any agreement extending the maturity of, refinancing or restructuring all or any portion of, the indebtedness under such agreement or any successor agreements, whether or not with the same Collateral Agent or Lenders. ARTICLE 23TERMINATION AND RELEASE OF FOREIGN GUARANTEES AND SECURITY Section 23.01 Termination and Release. As of the Closing Date, each German Security Document (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), each UK Security Document (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) and each Foreign Guarantee (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) is hereby terminated and each of the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent hereby terminates and releases any and all security interests, pledges, assignments, mortgages, trusts and liens created pursuant to any such German Security Document or UK Security Document. Without limitation of the foregoing, as of the Closing Date, each Foreign Guarantor is hereby released from any and all obligations under each Credit Document to which it was, or was intended to be, a party; provided that, any provision contained in any of the Credit Documents, which expressly survives the termination of such Credit Documents, shall, as such provision relates to any Foreign Guarantor, continue in full force and effect as provided in the applicable Credit Documents. Section 23.02 Authorization by Lenders. Each Lender hereby approves the 2018 Release Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to execute each 2018 Release Documents and each other document, instrument or agreement necessary to give effect to the terminations and releases contemplated by Section 23.01 and the 2018 Release Documents (including any document contemplated by Section 23.03). Section 23.03 Authorization to File Releases of Registrations. As of the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent each hereby: (1) agree, at the cost of the Borrower or Foreign Guarantors, to execute and deliver to the Foreign Guarantors, as the Foreign Guarantors may request, registerable discharges, releases and terminations (or any similar or equivalent document in the applicable jurisdiction) of any and all Security (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), in each case, granted by such Foreign Guarantor, or any caveat, financing change statement, termination statement or notice in respect thereof (or any similar or equivalent instrument in the applicable jurisdiction) held by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in respect of such Security. (2) authorizes the Borrower and its affiliates, either directly or through their attorneys and agents, (a) to prepare and file on behalf of the Collateral Agent, as the secured party of record, financing change statements, uniform commercial code termination statements with respect to - 138 - LEGAL_1:80104424.8 any and all financing statements previously filed in connection with any Lien granted by a Foreign Guarantor to the Collateral Agent under any of the Security (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), and (b) to prepare and file on behalf of the Collateral Agent, as the secured party of record, any discharges, releases or terminations with respect to any and all registrations, filings or similar recordings made with all applicable filing offices, in each case, previously made in connection with any Lien granted by a Foreign Guarantor to the Collateral Agent under any of the Security (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement). [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank.] 

LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: Madhu Ranganathan By: Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (signatures continued on the next following page) /s/Madhu Ranganathan IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written. OPEN TEXT CORPORATION, as Borrower - 2 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: Madhu Ranganathan By: Title: President and Treasurer /s/Madhu Ranganathan GXS, INC. GXS INTERNATIONAL, INC. OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD. OPEN TEXT HOLDINGS, INC., OPEN TEXT INC. OPEN TEXT SA ULC OPEN TEXT ULC VIGNETTE PARTNERSHIP, L.P., by its general partner, OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD. OPEN TEXT CANADA INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENTS ULC OPEN TEXT US ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC OPEN TEXT US INVESTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC MICRO FOCUS LLC, each as a Guarantor - 3 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: John Doolittle[ ] By: Title: President, Treasurer and Director[ ] /s/ John Doolittle[ ] OPEN TEXT SA ULC(BARBADOS) INVESTMENTS SRL, as Guarantor - 4 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: JohnChristian DoolittleWaida By: Title: President, Treasurer and Director /s/ JohnChristian DoolittleWaida OPEN TEXT GXS ULCUK INVESTMENTS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS GLOBAL HOLDINGS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK HOLDING LIMITED MICRO FOCUS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED MICRO FOCUS IP DEVELOPMENT LIMITED, each as a Guarantor 

- 5 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: Madhu Ranganathan By: Title: President and Treasurer /s/Madhu Ranganathan OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD., as Guarantor - 6 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: Madhu Ranganathan By: Title: President and Treasurer /s/Madhu Ranganathan VIGNETTE PARTNERSHIP, LP, by its general partner OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD., as Guarantor - 7 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: Madhu Ranganathan By: Title: President and Treasurer /s/Madhu Ranganathan OPEN TEXT INC., as Guarantor - 8 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: John Doolittle By: Title: President and Treasurer /s/ John Doolittle EASYLINK SERVICES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION, as Guarantor 

- 9 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: John Doolittle By: Title: President and Treasurer /s/ John Doolittle EASYLINK SERVICES USA, INC., as Guarantor - 10 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: John Doolittle By: Title: President and Treasurer /s/ John Doolittle XPEDITE SYSTEMS, LLC, as Guarantor - 11 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: Madhu Ranganathan By: Title: President and Treasurer /s/Madhu Ranganathan GXS, INC., as Guarantor - 12 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: Madhu Ranganathan By: Title: President and Treasurer /s/Madhu Ranganathan GXS INTERNATIONAL, INC., as Guarantor 

- 13 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: MadhuTodd RanganathanHazlewood By: Title: President, Treasurer and Director /s/ Madhu RanganathanTodd Hazlewood OPEN TEXT ULCCAYMAN INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENTS LIMITED OPEN TEXT CAYMAN INVESTMENTS LIMITED, each as a Guarantor - 14 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: Ronnie Glenn By: Title: Director (signatures continued on the next following page) /s/ Ronnie Glenn BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent - 15 - #85278653v42LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 Name: Ronnie Glenn By: Title: Director /s/Ronnie Glenn BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Lender LEGAL_1:494797580.104424.8 

LEGAL_1:80198662.7 Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, [NAME OF BORROWER], refers to the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of January 16, 2014, as amended as of June 16, 2016 and February 22, 2017 and, as amended and restated on May 30, 2018 and as amended on June 6, 2023 (as amended, supplemented, replaced, restated or amended and restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement , the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text Corporation, certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation, the Lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent, and hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 3.02 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and, in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such Borrowing as required by Section 3.02 of the Credit Agreement: (a) The date of the Borrowing, being a Business Day, is . (b) The aggregate amount of the Borrowing is . (c) The Type of Advance requested is [specify Type of Advance]. (d) The initial Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing is [for LIBORSOFR Advances]. The undersigned hereby certifies and confirms that on the date of the Accommodation requested under this Borrowing Notice, and immediately after giving effect thereto and to the application of any proceeds therefrom, (x) the representations and warranties contained in Article 5 of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date, all as though made on and as of such date, except for those changes to the representations and warranties which have been disclosed to and accepted by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 16.01 and any representation and warranty which is stated to be made as of a certain date (and then as of such date), and (y) no event or condition has occurred and is Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent 1301 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10019 Attention: HapreetJethro KaurJn-Baptiste SCHEDULE 1 FORM OF BORROWING NOTICE [Date] Email: harpreet.kaur@barclayscapital.comJethro.jnbaptiste@barclays.com Phone: (2012) 320-7741 Fax: (917) 522499-056198 Group Email: XraUSLoanOps5@barcap.com12145455230@tls.ldsprod.com LEGAL_1:80198662.7 Authorized Signatory continuing, or would result from such Accommodation or giving effect to this Borrowing Notice, which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default. The undersigned further confirms and certifies to each Lender that the proceeds of the proposed Borrowing will be used solely for the purposes permitted by the Credit Agreement. Yours truly, Per: [NAME OF BORROWER] LEGAL_1:80198662.7 SCHEDULE 2 FORM OF INTEREST RATE ELECTION NOTICE [Date] Authorized Signatory [NAME OF BORROWER] Email: harpreet.kaur@barclayscapital.comJethro.jnbaptiste@barclays.com Phone: (2012) 320-7741 Fax: (917) 522499-056198 Group Email: XraUSLoanOps5@barcap.com12145455230@tls.ldsprod.com Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, [NAME OF BORROWER], refers to the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of January 16, 2014, as amended as of June 16, 2016 and February 22, 2017 and, as amended and restated on May 30, 2018 and as amended on June 6, 2023 (as amended, supplemented, replaced, restated or amended and restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement , the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text Corporation, certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation, the Lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent, and hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 3.03(3) of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby elects to [change one Type of Advance to another Type of Advance or Type of Accommodation under the Credit Agreement] [continue a LIBORSOFR Advance for an additional Interest Period], and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such election as required by Section 3.03(3) of the Credit Agreement: (a) If the Type of Advance is to be changed: (i) the Type of Advance to be changed is (ii) the new Type of Advance or Type of Accommodation is (iii) the date of such change, being a Business Day, is and (iv) the initial Interest Period applicable to such Advance is months [if applicable]. (b) If the Advance is a LIBORSOFR Advance which is to continue as a LIBORSOFR Advance for an additional Interest Period, the subsequent Interest Period applicable to such LIBORSOFR Advance is months. Yours truly, Per: Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent 1301 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10019 Attention: HapreetJethro KaurJn-Baptiste LEGAL_1:80198662.7 3 Business Days Change (Section 3.03(3)) LIBORSOFR Advance Prepayment (Section 2.06) 3 Business Days 3 Business Days 3 Business Days Type of Accommodation In the case of change, the notice period applicable to the other Type of Accommodation or Advance into which an Accommodation is to be changed must also be observed. The day on which any notice is given is included and the day on which the specified action is to occur is excluded in calculating the notice period. ABR Advance l Business Day Borrowing Notice (Section 3.02) 1 Business Day SCHEDULE 3 NOTICE PERIODS AND AMOUNTS 

LEGAL_1:80198662.7 0.75 LIBORSOFR Advances (per annum) ABR Advances (per annum) SCHEDULE 4 APPLICABLE MARGINS 1.75 LEGAL_1:80198662.7 Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, [NAME OF BORROWER], refers to the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of January 16, 2014, as amended as of June 16, 2016 and February 22, 2017 and ,as amended and restated on May 30, 2018 and as amended on June 6, 2023 (as amended, supplemented, replaced, restated or amended and restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement , the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text Corporation, certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation, the Lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent. This Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(1)(a)(iii) of the Credit Agreement for the Financial Quarter ending on [ ] (the Period ). I, ___________________, the [Chief Executive Officer], [Chief Financial Officer] [a senior officer] of Open Text Corporation, in such capacity and not personally, hereby certify that: 2. I am the duly appointed [Chief Executive Officer] [Chief Financial Officer] of Open Text Corporation and as such I am providing this certificate for and on behalf of Open Text Corporation pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 3. I am familiar with and have examined the provisions of the Credit Agreement. 4. The financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(l)(a)(i) or Section 6.01(l)(a)(ii), as applicable, of the Credit Agreement present fairly the financial position, results of operations and changes in financial position of the persons specified therein in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of any required notes to such financial statements). 5. As of the date hereof, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 6. As at the last day of the Period, the following ratio was as follows: Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio (6.03): ______________________ Schedule A hereto sets forth details of the calculations of the above ratio. Dated this ________day of _________________. Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent Barclays Bank PLC Bank Debt Management Group 745 Seventh Avenue New York, New York 10019 SCHEDULE 5 FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE [Date] Attention: Portfolio Manager, Irina DimovaWendar Chen Telephone: (2012) 526-2653 Facsimile: (212) 526-5115 499 9367 Email: irina.dimova@barclays.comwendar.chen@barclays.com LEGAL_1:80198662.7 (Name please print) [Title] (Signature) LEGAL_1:80198662.7 [and is an Affiliate of [identify Lender]]1 9. 3. Administrative Agent: , as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 10. 4. Credit Agreement: means the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of January 16, 2014, as amended as of June 16, 2016 and February 22, 2017 and, as amended and restated on May 30, 2018 and as amended on June 6, 2023 (as amended, supplemented, replaced, restated or amended and restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement , the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text Corporation, certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation, the Lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent. 11. 5. Assigned Interest: SCHEDULE 6 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the Assignor and [Insert name of Assignee]) (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement (as defined below), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the term loan facility identified below and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under Applicable Law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan-transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 7. 1. Assignor: ________________________ 8. 2. Assignee: ________________________ 1 Select as applicable. 

LEGAL_1:80198662.7 By: By: Amount of Commitment /Advances Assigned3 Title: Consented to: Percentage Assigned of Commitment / Advances4 Title: [NAME OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT], as Administrative Agent 12. 6. [Trade Date: __________________]5 _____________, 20__ [the Effective Date ] [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: By: CUSIP Number Title: Consented to: ASSIGNOR [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] ASSIGNEE [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Advances for all Lenders2 2 Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 3 Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 4 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Advances of all Lenders thereunder. 5 To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. LEGAL_1:80198662.7 Title: By: [NAME OF BORROWER] LEGAL_1:80198662.7 ANNEX 1 to Assignment and Assumption STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties. 1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Loan Parties or any other Person obligated in respect of any Credit Document or the performance or observance by the Loan Parties or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Credit Document. 1.2 Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(1) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued prior to the Effective Date, and to the Assignee for amount which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy or by sending a scanned copy by electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law governing the Credit Agreement. LEGAL_1:80198662.7 Assigned Lender s Commitment Assigned Accommodations Outstanding Lender SCHEDULE A 

LEGAL_1:80198662.7 SCHEDULE 7 FORM OF OPEN TEXT SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE This Certificate is being delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(1)(b)(viii) of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of January 16, 2014, as amended as of June 16, 2016 and February 22, 2017 and, as amended and restated on May 30, 2018 and as amended on June 6, 2023 (the Credit Agreement among Open Text Corporation, certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation, the Lenders party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent and collateral agent. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Credit Agreement. The undersigned, [ ], hereby certifies that he is the [ ] of Open Text Corporation Open Text and that he is knowledgeable of the financial and accounting matter of Open Text and its subsidiaries, the Credit Agreement and the covenants and representations (financial and other) contained therein and that, as such, he is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate on behalf of Open Text. The undersigned , solely in his capacity as an officer of Open Text, and not in his individual capacity, hereby further certifies that on the date hereof, immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the date hereof: (a) the aggregate of the property of Open Text and its subsidiaries is, at a fair valuation, sufficient, or, if disposed of at a fairly conducted sale under the legal process, would be sufficient, to enable payment of all their obligations, due and accruing due; (b) Open Text and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are paying their current obligations in the ordinary course of business as they generally became due; and (c) Open Text and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will be able to meet their obligations as they generally become due. LEGAL_1:80198662.7 SCHEDULE 8 AUCTION PROCEDURES This outline is intended to summarize certain basic terms of any modified Dutch auction in order to purchase Term Loans (each, an Auction ), pursuant to and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of Section 15.01(3) of the Credit Agreement, of which this Schedule 8 is attached (the Auction Procedures ). It is not intended to be a definitive statement of all of the terms and conditions of an Auction, the definitive terms and conditions for which shall be set forth in the applicable auction procedures set for each Auction (the Offer Documents ). None of the Administrative Agent, the Auction Manager and any other Agent, or any of their respective Affiliates, makes any recommendation pursuant to the Offer Documents as to whether or not any Term Loan Lender should sell its Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to the Offer Documents, nor shall the decision by the Administrative Agent, the Auction Manager or any other Agent (or any of their Affiliates) in its capacity as a Term Loan Lender be deemed to constitute such a recommendation. Each Term Loan Lender should make its own decision as to whether to sell any of its Term Loans and, if it decides to do so, the principal amount of, and price to be sought for, such Term Loans. In addition, each Term Loan Lender should consult its own attorney, business advisor or tax advisor as to legal, business, tax and related matters concerning any Auction and the Offer Documents. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Schedule have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. Summary. The Borrower may conduct one or more Auction pursuant to the procedures described herein. Notice Procedures. In connection with each Auction, the Borrower will provide notification (an Auction Notice to the Auction Manager (for distribution to the Term Loan Lenders). Each Auction Notice shall contain (i) the maximum principal amount of Term Loans that the Borrower is willing to purchase in such Auction (the Auction Amount ), which shall be no less than 5,000,000 and an integral multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof; (ii) the range of discounts to par (the Discount Range ), expressed as a range of prices per 1,000, at which the Borrower would be willing to purchase Term Loans in such Auction; and (iii) the date on which such Auction will conclude, on which date Return Bids (as defined below) will be due at the time provided in the Auction Notice (such time, the Expiration Time ), as such date and time may be extended for a period not exceeding three Business Days upon notice by the Borrower to the Auction Manager received not less than 24 hours before the original Expiration Time. Reply Procedures. In connection with any Auction, each Term Loan Lender holding Term Loans wishing to participate in such Auction shall, prior to the Expiration Time, shall provide the Auction Manager a notice of participation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Auction Manager which shall specify (i) a discount to par expressed as a price per 1,000 of Term Loans (the Reply Price within the Discount Range and (ii) the principal amount of Term Loans, in an amount not less than 1,000,000 or an integral multiple in excess thereof, that such Term Loan Lender is willing to offer for sale at its Reply Price (the Reply Amount provided, that a Term Loan Lender may submit a Reply Amount that is less than the minimum amount and/or incremental amount requirements described above only if the Reply Amount comprises the entire amount of Term Loans held by such Term Loan Lender. Term Loan Lenders may only submit one Return Bid per Auction but each Return Bid may contain up to three component bids, each of which may result in a separate Qualifying Bid (as defined below) and each of which will not be contingent on any other component bid submitted by such Term Loan Lender resulting in a Qualifying Bid. In addition to the LEGAL_1:80198662.7 Return Bid, each participating Term Loan Lender must execute and deliver to the Auction Manager, an assignment and acceptance Agreement in the form included in the Offer Documents which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Auction Manager and the Administrative Agent Affiliate Assignment Agreement ). The Borrower will not purchase any Term Loans at a price that is outside of the applicable Discount Range, nor will any Return Bids (including any component bids specified therein) submitted at a price that is outside such applicable Discount Range be considered in any calculation of the Applicable Threshold Price (as defined below). Acceptance Procedures. Based on the Reply Prices and Reply Amounts received by the Auction Manager, the Auction Manager, in consultation with the Borrower, will calculate the lowest purchase price (the Applicable Threshold Price for the applicable Auction within the Discount Range for such Auction that will allow the Borrower to complete such Auction by purchasing the full Auction Amount (or such lesser amount of Term Loans for which the Borrower has received Qualifying Bids (as defined below)). The Borrower shall purchase Term Loans from each Term Loan Lender whose Return Bid is within the Discount Range and contains a Reply Price that is equal to or less than the Applicable Threshold Price (each, a Qualifying Bid ). All Term Loans included in Qualifying Bids (including multiple component Qualifying Bids contained in a single Return Bid) received at a Reply Price lower than the Applicable Threshold Price will be purchased at the applicable Reply Price and shall not be subject to proration. Proration Procedures. All Term Loans offered in Return Bids (or, if applicable, any component bid thereof) constituting Qualifying Bids at the Applicable Threshold Price will be purchased at the Applicable Threshold Price; provided that if the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans for which Qualifying Bids have been submitted in any given Auction at the Applicable Threshold Price would exceed the remaining portion of the Auction Amount (after deducting all Term Loans to be purchased below the Applicable Threshold Price), the Borrower shall purchase the Term Loans for which the Qualifying Bids submitted were at the Applicable Threshold Price ratably based on the respective principal amounts offered and in an aggregate amount equal to the amount necessary to complete the purchase of the Auction Amount. No Return Bids (or any component thereof) will be accepted above the Applicable Threshold Price. Notification Procedures. The Auction Manager will calculate and post the Applicable Threshold Price no later than the next Business Day after the date that the Return Bids were due. The Auction Manager will insert the principal amount of Term Loans to be assigned and the applicable settlement date into each applicable Affiliate Assignment Agreement received in connection with a Qualifying Bid. Upon written request of the submitting Term Loan Lender, the Auction Manager will promptly return any Affiliate Assignment Agreement received in connection with a Return Bid that is not a Qualifying Bid. Additional Procedures. Once initiated by an Auction Notice, the Borrower may withdraw an Auction by written notice to the Auction Manager no later than 24 hours before the original Expiration Time so long as, as of such time, no Qualifying Bid has been received by the Auction Manager. Any Return Bid (including any component bid thereof) delivered to the Auction Manager may not be modified, revoked, terminated or cancelled by a Term Loan Lender; provided that a Term Loan Lender may modify a Return Bid at any time prior to the Expiration Time solely to reduce the Reply Price included in such Return Bid. However, an Auction shall become void if the Borrower fails to satisfy one or more of the conditions to purchase Term Loans set forth in, or otherwise comply with the provisions of, Section 15.01(3) of the Credit Agreement. The purchase price for each purchase of Term Loans shall be paid in cash by the Borrower directly to the respective assigning Term Loan Lender on a settlement date as determined by the Auction Manager in consultation with LEGAL_1:80198662.7 the Borrower (which shall be no later than ten Business Days after the date Return Bids are due). The Borrower shall execute each applicable Affiliate Assignment Agreement received in connection with a Qualifying Bid. All questions as to the form of documents and validity and eligibility of Term Loans that are the subject of an Auction will be determined by the Auction Manager, in consultation with interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer Document, in consultation with the Borrower, will be final and binding. None of the Administrative Agent, the Auction Manager, any other Agent or any of their respective Affiliates assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Borrower, the Loan Parties, or any of their Affiliates (whether contained in the Offer Documents or otherwise) or for any failure to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or accuracy of such information. The Auction Manager acting in its capacity as such under an Auction shall be entitled to the benefits of the provisions of Article 12 and Section 14.01 of the Credit Agreement to the same extent as if each reference therein to the Administrative Agent were a reference to the Auction Manager, each reference therein to the Credit Documents were a reference to the Offer Documents, the Auction Notice and Affiliate Assignment Agreement and each reference Transactions , and the Administrative Agent shall cooperate with the Auction Manager as reasonably requested by the Auction Manager in order to enable it to perform its responsibilities and duties in connection with each Auction. This Schedule 8 shall not require the Borrower to initiate any Auction nor shall any Term Loan Lender be obligated to participate in any Auction. 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 3
 otex-2019revolveramendme.htm
 EX-10.32

otex-2019revolveramendme 

Execution Version LEGAL_1:80172604.6 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT AMENDMENT NO. 1, dated as of June 6, 2023 (this Amendment ), by and among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as Borrowers (collectively, the Borrowers and each, a Borrower ), the Guarantors party hereto (the Guarantors ), and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (the Administrative Agent ). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Guarantors, each lender from time to time party thereto (the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, effective as of October 31, 2019 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement (capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the same meanings assigned thereto in the Existing Credit Agreement); WHEREAS, Section 3.04(3) of the Existing Credit Agreement provides for the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers to replace certain provisions thereof with respect to the Eurodollar Rate by establishing an Alternate Rate of Interest and entering into an amendment to the Existing Credit Agreement to reflect such Alternate Rate of Interest and such other related changes to the Existing Credit Agreement as may be applicable, such amendment to become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to the Existing Credit Agreement so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days of the date notice of such Alternate Rate of Interest and a copy of such proposed amendment is provided to the Lenders (such notice and copy of amendment, the Amendment Notice ), a written notice from the Majority Lenders stating that such Majority Lenders object to such amendment (any such notice from the Majority Lenders, an Objection Notice ). WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers and the Guarantors party hereto desire to memorialize the terms of this Amendment, with such amendment to become effective on the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below); NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of all of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: SECTION 1. Amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement. (a) Effective as of the Amendment Effective Date, the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the text which is underlined in the attached Exhibit A (indicated as follows by way of example: underlined text or underlined text) and to delete the text which is struck out in the attached Exhibit A (indicated as follows by way of example: stricken text); provided that this Amendment shall not constitute a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement. (b) The amendments to Eurodollar Rate Related Definitions (as defined below) and provisions with respect thereto set forth in Exhibit A hereto shall not apply with respect to any LIBOR Advance requested, made or outstanding that bears interest with reference to the Eurodollar Rate that (A) is or was set prior to the Amendment Effective Date and (B) is held constant for a specifically designated period and is not reset on a daily or substantially daily basis (disregarding day count, weekend or holiday conventions), and in each case, the Eurodollar Rate Related Definitions and provisions with respect thereto (as in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the provisions of this Amendment) shall continue in effect solely for such purpose; provided that, with respect to any such LIBOR Advance described in this clause 2 LEGAL_1:80172604.6 (b), such LIBOR Loan shall only continue in effect in accordance with its terms until the then-current Interest Period for such LIBOR Advance has concluded. As used in this clause (b), Eurodollar Rate Related Definitions means any term defined in the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document (or any partial definition thereof) as in effect immediately prior to giving effect to the provisions of this Amendment on the Amendment Effective Date, however phrased, primarily relating to the determination, administration or calculation of the Eurodollar Rate, including by way of example any instances of Eurodollar Rate, LIBO Rate and LIBOR Advances. SECTION 2. Notice. To the extent that the Administrative Agent is required (pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement or otherwise) to provide notice to the Borrowers, any Guarantor, any Lender or any other party to the Existing Credit Agreement of (i) a benchmark transition event (or other analogous or similar event) or an early opt-in election (or other analogous or similar election) with respect to the Eurodollar Rate, (ii) a benchmark replacement date (or other analogous or similar date), (iii) the implementation of Daily Simple SOFR and/or Term SOFR (as each term is defined in Exhibit A hereto) as a benchmark replacement (or other analogous or similar term) or (iv) any benchmark replacement conforming changes (or other similar conforming changes) in connection with the adoption and implementation of Daily Simple SOFR and/or Term SOFR or the use and administration thereof, this Amendment shall constitute such notice (and shall constitute the Amendment Notice). SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the date hereof that: (a) The execution and delivery of this Amendment by each Loan Party and the performance by each Loan Party of its respective obligations hereunder and compliance with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof, will not (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (A) its constating documents or by-laws, (B) any Law, (C) any material contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or its properties, or (D) any judgment, injunction, determination or award which is binding on it; or (ii) result in, require or permit (A) the imposition of any Encumbrance in, on or with respect to the Assets now owned or hereafter acquired by it (other than pursuant to the Security Documents or which is a Permitted Encumbrance), (B) the acceleration of the maturity of any material Debt binding on or affecting it, or (C) any third party to terminate or acquire any rights materially adverse to the applicable Loan Party under any Material Agreement except where in each case such conflict, result, requirement or permission would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Each Loan Party has all requisite corporate or other power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Amendment. The execution and delivery of this Amendment by each Loan Party and the performance by each such Loan Party of its respective obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or analogous action. (c) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party and constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject only to any limitation under Laws relating to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or creditors rights generally; and (ii) general equitable principles including the discretion that a court may exercise in the granting of equitable remedies. 3 LEGAL_1:80172604.6 (d) The representations and warranties contained in Section 6.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date. (e) No event has occurred and is continuing that would constitute a Default or an Event of Default. SECTION 4. Conditions of Effectiveness of the Amendment. This Amendment shall become effective on and as of the first date (the Amendment Effective Date when the Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrowers, the Guarantors and the Administrative Agent an executed counterpart hereof or other written confirmation (in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) that such party has signed a counterpart hereof, so long as no Objection Notice has been received by the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date that is five (5) Business Days after the date of the Amendment Notice. SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect Upon the Existing Credit Agreement and the Other Credit Documents. (a) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Credit Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Credit Documents. On and as of the Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall for all purposes constitute a Credit Document. (b) On and as of the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Existing Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment. (c) The Existing Credit Agreement and each of the other Credit Documents, as specifically amended by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The obligations of the Loan Parties and each Guarantor contained in the Guarantees shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby confirmed and continued by this Amendment and are enforceable against the Loan Parties and each of the Guarantors. All rights, benefits, interests, duties, liabilities and obligations of the parties to the Security Documents, as amended below, are hereby confirmed and continued by this Amendment and continue to secure, apply and extend to all debts, liabilities and obligations, present or future, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time or from time to time due or accruing due and owing by or otherwise payable by the Loan Parties and each Guarantor to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined in the Security Documents), or any one or more of them, in any currency, under, in connection with or pursuant to the Guarantees and any other Credit Document to which the Loan Parties and each Guarantor is a party. Without limitation of the foregoing, all security interests, pledges, assignments and other Encumbrances previously granted by any Guarantor, as a Grantor, pursuant to the Security Documents are confirmed and continued by this Amendment, and all such security interests, pledges, assignments and other Encumbrances shall remain in full force and effect as security for all obligations thereunder with no change in the priority applicable thereto, in each case, subject only to Encumbrances permitted under the Credit Documents, to the extent provided therein. SECTION 6. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable in that Province. 4 LEGAL_1:80172604.6 SECTION 7. Execution in Counterparts. This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or electronic transmission (e.g., pdf or tif shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. SECTION 8. Amendments; Headings; Severability. This Amendment may not be amended nor may any provision hereof be waived except pursuant to a writing signed by the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto. The Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting this Amendment. Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof, and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties shall endeavor in good- faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. OPEN TEXT ULC, as Borrower and Guarantor By: Name: Title: OPEN TEXT CORPORATION, as Borrower and Guarantor By: Name: Title: OPEN TEXT HOLDINGS, INC., as Borrower and Guarantor By: Name: Title: Madhu Ranganathan President and Treasurer Madhu Ranganathan Authorized Signatory Madhu Ranganthan President and Treasurer [Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] GXS, INC. GXS INTERNATIONAL, INC. OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD. OPEN TEXT INC. OPEN TEXT SA ULC VIGNETTE PARTNERSHIP, L.P., by its general partner, OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD. OPEN TEXT CANADA INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENTS ULC OPEN TEXT US ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC OPEN TEXT US INVESTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC MICRO FOCUS LLC, each as a Guarantor By: Name: Madhu Ranganathan Title: President and Treasurer [Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] OPEN TEXT (BARBADOS) INVESTMENTS SRL, as Guarantor By: Name: Title: Daniel J. VanDerWerff Authorized Signatory [Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS GLOBAL HOLDINGS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK HOLDING LIMITED MICRO FOCUS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED MICRO FOCUS IP DEVELOPMENT LIMITED, each as a Guarantor By: Name: Christian Waida Title: Director 

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] OPEN TEXT CAYMAN INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENTS LIMITED OPEN TEXT CAYMAN INVESTMENTS LIMITED, each as a Guarantor By: Name: Daniel J. VanDerWerff Title: Director Restricted - External BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Administrative Agent By: Name: George Lee Title: Managing Director [Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement] #89331829v3 LEGAL_1:80172604.6 EXHIBIT A AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT See attached. Execution Version 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 U.S. 750,000,000 FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT OPEN TEXT ULC, OPEN TEXT HOLDINGS, INC. and OPEN TEXT CORPORATION as Borrowers -and - THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO -and - THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS NAMED HEREIN as Lenders -and - BARCLAYS BANK PLC as sole Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent -and - ROYAL BANK OF CANADA as Documentary Credit Lender -and- BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS1, CITIBANK, N.A., MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. and BANK OF MONTREAL as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners Dated as of October 2, 2006, as Amended as of February 15, 2007, and as of September 24, 2009, as Amended and Restated as of November 9, 2011, as Amended as of December 16, 2013, and as of December 22, 2014, as further Amended and Restated as of January 15, 2015, as Amended as of June 16, 2016, as of February 1, 2017, as of May 5, 2017, and as of September 16, 2017, as further Amended and Restated as of May 30, 2018, and as further Amended and Restated as of October 31, 2019, and as further Amended as of June 6, 2023 1 RBC Capital Markets is a marketing name for the investment banking activities of Royal Bank of Canada 

i 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 ARTICLE 1 INTERPRETATION Section 1.01 Defined Terms 1 Section 1.02 Gender and Number 459 Section 1.03 Interpretation not Affected by Headings, etc. 459 Section 1.04 Currency 459 Section 1.05 Certain Phrases, etc. 459 Section 1.06 Accounting Terms 459 Section 1.07 Non-Business Days 469 Section 1.08 Ratable Portion of Accommodations 469 Section 1.09 Incorporation of Schedules 4650 Section 1.10 Control of Equity Securities 4650 Section 1.11 Effectiveness of Amendment and Restatement 4650 Section 1.12 Quebec Interpretation Clause 4750 Section 1.13 Rates 51 ARTICLE 2 CREDIT FACILITY Section 2.01 Availability 4752 Section 2.02 Commitments and Facility Limits 514 Section 2.03 Designated Borrowers 515 Section 2.04 Use of Proceeds 537 Section 2.05 Mandatory Repayments and Reductions of Commitments 537 Section 2.06 Mandatory Prepayments 547 Section 2.07 Optional Prepayments and Reductions of Commitments 558 Section 2.08 Fees 558 Section 2.09 Payments under this Agreement 558 Section 2.10 Application of Payments and Prepayments 569 Section 2.11 Computations of Interest and Fees 569 Section 2.12 Security 5861 Section 2.13 Cash Collateral 603 Section 2.14 Defaulting Lenders 624 Section 2.15 Benchmark Replacement Setting 66 Section 2.16 Inability to Determine Rates; Illegality. 68 ARTICLE 3 REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY ADVANCES Section 3.01 The Advances 649 Section 3.02 Procedure for Borrowing. 649 Section 3.03 Conversions and Elections Regarding Advances 6570 Section 3.04 Circumstances Requiring Floating Rate Pricing 66[Reserved] 70 Section 3.05 Interest on Advances 6870 Section 3.06 Swing Line Advances 6871 ARTICLE 4 REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY - DOCUMENTARY CREDITS ii 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 4.01 Documentary Credits 703 Section 4.02 Issue Notice 703 Section 4.03 Form of Documentary Credits 713 Section 4.04 Documentary Credit Reports 714 Section 4.05 Procedure for Issuance of Documentary Credits 714 Section 4.06 Payments of Amounts Drawn 724 Section 4.07 Risk of Documentary Credits 725 Section 4.08 Repayments 736 Section 4.09 Fees 746 Section 4.10 Existing Letters of Guarantee 757 ARTICLE 5 CONDITIONS OF LENDING Section 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effective Date 757 Section 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Accommodations 779 Section 5.03 No Waiver 789 ARTICLE 6 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 6.01 Representations and Warranties 780 Section 6.02 Survival of Representations and Warranties 878 ARTICLE 7 COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES Section 7.01 Affirmative Covenants 878 Section 7.02 Negative Covenants 10098 Section 7.03 Financial Covenants 1074 ARTICLE 8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 8.01 Events of Default 1074 Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Demand and Default 1107 ARTICLE 9 YIELD PROTECTION Section 9.01 Increased Costs; Reserves on LIBORTerm SOFR Advances 11108 Section 9.02 Taxes 1130 Section 9.03 Mitigation Obligations: Replacement of Lenders 1173 Section 9.04 Illegality; Inability to Determine Rates 118 ARTICLE 10 RIGHT OF SETOFF Section 10.01 Right of Setoff. 1194 ARTICLE 11 SHARING OF PAYMENTS BY LENDERS Section 11.01 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 12015 ARTICLE 12 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S CLAWBACK iii 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 12.01 Administrative Agent s Claw back 1216 ARTICLE 13 AGENCY Section 13.01 Appointment and Authority 12217 Section 13.02 Rights as a Lender 12318 Section 13.03 Exculpatory Provisions 12418 Section 13.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 12519 Section 13.05 Indemnification of Agents 1250 Section 13.06 Delegation of Duties 1260 Section 13.07 Replacement of Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent 1271 Section 13.08 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 1282 Section 13.09 Collective Action of the Lenders 1282 Section 13.10 No Other Duties, etc. 1282 Section 13.11 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 1293 Section 13.12 Certain ERISA Matters 1293 ARTICLE 14 NOTICES: EFFECTIVENESS; ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION Section 14.01 Notices, etc. 1325 ARTICLE 15 EXPENSES; INDEMNITY: DAMAGE WAIVER Section 15.01 Expenses; Indemnity: Damage Waiver 13428 ARTICLE 16 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS Section 16.01 Successors and Assigns 1360 ARTICLE 17 AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS Section 17.01 Amendments and Waivers 14133 Section 17.02 Judgment Currency. 1436 Section 17.03 Releases. 14436 ARTICLE 18 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; ETC. Section 18.01 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 14436 ARTICLE 19 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL Section 19.01 Waiver of Jury Trial 14537 ARTICLE 20 MISCELLANEOUS Section 20.01 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 14537 Section 20.02 Severability 14638 Section 20.03 Payments Set Aside. 14638 Section 20.04 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative; Enforcement. 14638 iv 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 20.05 Affiliate Activities. 14739 Section 20.06 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. 1480 Section 20.07 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. 1480 Section 20.08 Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs 1491 ARTICLE 21 TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INFORMATION: CONFIDENTIALITY Section 21.01 Treatment of Certain Information: Confidentiality 15042 ARTICLE 22 GUARANTEE Section 22.01 Guarantee. 15244 Section 22.02 Indemnity. 15244 Section 22.03 Payment and Performance. 1453 Section 22.04 Continuing Obligation. 1453 Section 22.05 Guarantee Unaffected. 1546 Section 22.06 Waivers. 1546 Section 22.07 Guaranteed Parties Right to Act. 15547 Section 22.08 Assignment and Postponement. 15648 Section 22.09 Action or Inaction. 15648 Section 22.10 Guaranteed Parties Rights. 15648 Section 22.11 Demand. 15648 Section 22.12 No Representations. 15749 Section 22.13 Keepwell. 15749 Section 22.14 Intercreditor Agreement. 15749 ARTICLE 23 AFFIRMATION OF GUARANTEES AND SECURITY DOCUMENTS Section 23.01 Affirmation. 1580 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 - Designated Borrower Notice Facility Arrangements SCHEDULES Schedules Relating to Accommodations Schedule 12 Schedule 6 - Schedule 3 Designated Borrowers - Disclosure Schedules Form of Borrowing Notice Schedule A Applicable Margins/Unused Facility Fee - - Jurisdiction of Incorporation; Equity Securities; Locations; Etc. Schedule B Schedule 7 - Revolving Credit Commitments/ Swing Line Lender s Commitment/ Documentary Credit Commitments Litigation - Schedule C Form of Compliance Certificate - Location of Business Schedule D Schedule 8 - Schedule 4 Trademarks/Patents, etc. - Schedule 2 Schedule E [Intentionally omitted] - - Owned Real Property Forms Schedules/Other Schedules Schedule F Schedule 1 - Schedule 9 Subsidiaries Issue Notice - Schedule G - - Assignment and Assumption Agreement Material Permits Schedule H - Schedule 10 Material Agreements Schedule 5 - Schedule I Form of Interest Rate Election Notice - Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement Environmental Matters - - Schedule 11 Notice Periods and Amounts 2 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Existing Debt/Liens/Restrictions Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries Schedule L - Intercompany Securities/Instruments Schedule J Schedule K - - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 2, 2006, as Amended as of February 15, 2007, and as of September 24, 2009, as Amended and Restated as of November 9, 2011, as Amended as of December 16, 2013, and as of December 22, 2014, as further Amended and Restated as of January 15, 2015, as Amended as of June 16, 2016, as of February 1, 2017, as of May 5, 2017, and as of September 16, 2017, and as further Amended and Restated as of May 30, 2018, and as further Amended and Restated as of October 31, 2019, and as further Amended as of June 6, 2023 (this Agreement ), between OPEN TEXT ULC, OPEN TEXT HOLDINGS, INC. and OPEN TEXT CORPORATION (collectively the Borrowers ), the GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO, each of the lenders listed on the signature pages hereof or which pursuant to Section 16.01 becomes a Lender hereunder, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as sole Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Documentary Credit Lender. A. The Borrowers, the Guarantors, the financial institutions named therein or who became lenders thereunder, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are parties to the Existing Credit Agreement. B. The Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other parties hereto desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement as set forth in this Agreement; C. Unless otherwise defined in these Recitals or this Agreement, capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in Article 1 and, for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, the rules of construction set forth in Article 1 shall govern. These Recitals shall be construed as part of this Agreement. FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the parties agree that the Existing Credit Agreement be, and it hereby is, amended and restated as follows: ARTICLE 1 INTERPRETATION Section 1.01 Defined Terms As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: ABR Rate means, on any day, the greater of (i) the Prime Rate, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 per annum and (iii) one month Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00 per annum. The corporate base rate is not necessarily the lowest rate charged by the Lender acting as the Administrative Agent to its customers. ABR Advance has the meaning specified in the definition of Advance herein. ABR Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate (which, if negative, shall be deemed to be 0 on such day plus of 1 , (b) the Prime Rate on such day and (c) Adjusted Term SOFR on such day (or if - 2 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 such day is not a Business Day the next previous Business Day) for an Interest Period of one month plus 1.00 . If the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the Federal Funds Rate for any reason, the ABR Rate shall be determined without regard to clause (a) above until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. ABR Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR . Accommodation means (i) an Advance made by a Lender on the occasion of any Borrowing; (ii) the creation and issue of Documentary Credits by a Documentary Credit Lender; and (iii) the making of a Swing Line Advance by a Swing Line Lender (each of which is a Type of Accommodation). Accommodation Notice means a Borrowing Notice or an Interest Rate Election Notice, as the case may be. Accommodations Outstanding means, at any time, (a) in relation to (a) all Revolving Credit Borrowers and all Revolving Credit Lenders, the amount of all Accommodations outstanding thereunder at such time made to the Revolving Credit Borrowers by the Revolving Credit Lenders, and (b) each Revolving Credit Borrower and each Revolving Credit Lender, the amount of all Accommodations outstanding at such time made to such Revolving Credit Borrower by such Revolving Credit Lender under its Revolving Credit Commitment; (b) in respect of Documentary Credits, in relation to all Revolving Credit Borrowers and all Documentary Credit Lenders, the Face Amount of all Documentary Credits outstanding at such time issued by each Documentary Credit Lender to any of the Borrowers (and, for greater certainty, including any Existing Documentary Credits that remain outstanding); and (c) in respect of Swing Line Advances, in relation to (a) all Revolving Credit Borrowers and all Swing Line Lenders, the amount of all Swing Line Advances outstanding thereunder at such time made to the Revolving Credit Borrowers by the Swing Line Lenders, and (b) each Revolving Credit Borrower and each Swing Line Lender, the amount of all Swing Line Advances outstanding at such time made to such Revolving Credit Borrower by such Swing Line Lender under its Swing Line Commitment. In determining Accommodations Outstanding, the aggregate amount thereof shall be determined on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of all Advances and an amount equal to the Face Amount of all Documentary Credits for which any of the Revolving Credit Lenders are contingently liable pursuant to Section 4.05 (and in respect of each Revolving Credit Lender, a ratable part of such amount). For purposes of determining amounts of borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility and Section 2.06 

- 3 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 in light of the Revolving Credit Commitment being expressed in U.S. Dollars, any Accommodation made under the Revolving Credit Facility that is denominated in any currency other than U.S. Dollars (and for purposes of such determinations only) shall be converted into its Equivalent U.S. Amount. Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated after the Effective Date, by which any Loan Party directly or indirectly, by means of a take-over bid, tender offer, amalgamation, merger, purchase of Assets, or similar transaction having the same effect as any of the foregoing, (a) acquires any business or all or substantially all of the assets of any Person engaged in any business, (b) acquires control of securities of a Person engaged in a business representing more than 50 of the ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body if the business affairs of such Person are managed by a board of directors or other governing body, or (c) acquires control of more than 50 of the ownership interest in any Person engaged in any business that is not managed by a board of directors or other governing body; provided, that in no event shall any transaction or series of related transactions (i) for which the aggregate purchase price is less than U.S. 250,000,000 or (ii) that constitutes a Permitted Disposition to Open Text or any of its Subsidiaries, constitute an Acquisition hereunder. Additional Compensation has the meaning specified in Section 9.01(4). Additional Guarantor has the meaning specified in Section 22.04(1). Additional Loan Party/Subsidiary Event has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(11). Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs means restructuring and integration costs of Open Text and its Subsidiaries incurred in respect of, and arising within twelve months of, any Permitted Acquisition in an amount not to exceed 20 of the aggregate purchase price for such Permitted Acquisition; provided that the aggregate amount for all such costs shall not exceed U.S. 100,000,000 in any Financial Year. Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment; provided that, if Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment; provided that, if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. Administrative Agent means Barclays Bank PLC as Administrative Agent for the Lenders under this Agreement, and any successor appointed pursuant to Section 13.07. - 4 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Administrative Questionnaire means an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Advances means the advances made by the Lenders pursuant to Article 3 and Advance means any one of such Advances. Advances under the Revolving Credit Facility shall be denominated in U.S. Dollars. An Advance may (in accordance with and subject to Articles 2 and 3) be designated as a LIBORSOFR Advance or an ABR Advance . Each of a LIBORSOFR Advance and an ABR Advance is a Type of Advance. Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Agent-Related Persons means each Agent, together with its Related Parties. Agents means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arranger. Agreement means this fourth amended and restated credit agreement, as further amended, restated, supplemented, modified, renewed or replaced from time to time. Alternate Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in Section 3.04(3). Annual Business Plan means, for any Financial Year, reasonably detailed pro-forma balance sheet, statement of operations and statement of cash flows in respect of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, prepared on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (subject to the absence of footnotes), in respect of such Financial Year and each Financial Quarter therein and supported by appropriate explanations, notes and information, all as approved by the board of directors of Open Text. Anti-Terrorism Law means any laws relating to terrorism or money laundering, including the Bank Secrecy Act of 1990, as amended by the USA PATRIOT ACT, and the laws administered by the United States Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Asset Control, the Criminal Code, and the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (as any of the foregoing laws may from time to time be amended, renewed, extended, or replaced). Applicable Margins means, at any time, subject to the next following sentence, the margins in basis points set forth and defined in Schedule 6. In respect of (i) LIBORTerm SOFR Advances and Documentary Credits, the Applicable Margin shall be the margin referred to in the column LIBORSOFR Advances; Documentary Credit Participation Fee and, (ii) Daily Simple SOFR Advances, the Applicable Margin shall be the margin referred to in the column SOFR Advances and (iii) ABR Advances, the Applicable Margin shall be the margin referred to in the column ABR Advances . Each Applicable Margin shall be adjusted as of the date the Administrative Agent receives the relevant Compliance Certificate calculating the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio. If the Borrowers shall fail to deliver such Compliance Certificate as specified and in the time - 5 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 periods set forth in Section 8.01(1)(a), the Applicable Margin shall be the highest possible margin as set forth on Schedule 6 until such time as the Administrative Agent shall receive such Compliance Certificate. Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender, the percentage of the total Revolving Credit Commitments represented by such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. If the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be the percentage of the total Accommodations Outstanding represented by such Lender s Accommodations Outstanding. Applicant Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(2). Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Assets means, with respect to any Person, any property (including real property), assets and undertakings of such Person of every kind and wheresoever situated, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (and, for greater certainty, includes any equity or like interest of any Person in any other Person). Assigned Agreement means each agreement and hedge agreement in which the U.S. Grantors have assigned a security interest to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of the Security and Pledge Agreement. Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Schedule 9 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. Attorney has the meaning specified in Section 13.01(2). Authorization means, with respect to any Person, any authorization, order, permit, approval, grant, licence, consent, right, franchise, privilege, certificate, judgment, writ, injunction, award, determination, direction, decree, by-law, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Person and having the force of Law. Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.15(4). - 6 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. basis point means 1/100th of one percent. Benchmark means, initially, Adjusted Term SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to Term SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.15. Benchmark Replacement means with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (a) with respect to Term SOFR Advances, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; or (b) the sum of: (i) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (A) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (B) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities. 

- 7 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliance with or non-aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks; provided that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or - 8 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (c) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.15 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in accordance with Section 2.15. Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Beneficiary means, in respect of any Documentary Credit, the beneficiary named in such Documentary Credit. Benefit Arrangement means at any time an employee benefit plan , within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is neither a Plan nor a Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained, sponsored or otherwise contributed to by any Loan Party, but does not include a Canadian Pension Plan or a Canadian Benefit Plan. BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. BIA means the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), as amended from time to time. Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 14.01(2). - 9 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Borrower s Account means Open Text ULC s (or other Borrower s) U.S. Dollar account, as applicable, the particulars of which shall have been notified to the Administrative Agent by Open Text ULC or such other Borrower at least one Business Day prior to the making of any Accommodation. Borrowers means collectively, Open Text, Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc., Designated Borrowers identified in Schedule 12 hereto and Designated Borrowers that become Designated Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.03, and Borrower means any one of them. Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of one or more Advances. Borrowing Notice has the meaning specified in Section 3.02. Buildings and Fixtures means all plants, buildings, structures, erections, improvements, appurtenances and fixtures (including fixed machinery and fixed equipment) situate on the Owned Real Properties. Business means the business of software development, maintenance, support, marketing, distribution, licensing and professional services in connection with the foregoing. Business Day means any day of the year, other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized to close in New York, New York or Toronto, Ontario and, where used in the context of a LIBOR Advance, is also a day on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market. Canadian Benefit Plan means any plan, fund, program or policy, whether oral or written, formal or informal, funded or unfunded, insured or uninsured, providing employee benefits, including medical, hospital care, dental, sickness, accident, disability, life insurance, pension, retirement or savings benefits, under which any Loan Party has any liability with respect to any of its employees or former employees employed in Canada, and includes any Canadian Pension Plan. Canadian Pension Plans means each pension plan required to be registered under Canadian federal or provincial law that is maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party for its employees or former employees, but does not include the Canada Pension Plan or the Qu bec Pension Plan as maintained by the Government of Canada or the Province of Qu bec, respectively. Capital Expenditures means, in respect of any Person, expenditures made by such Person for the purchase, lease or acquisition of Assets (other than current Assets) required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Capital Lease Obligation of any Person means any obligation of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under a lease of property, real or personal, moveable or immoveable, that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. - 10 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, Documentary Credit Lender (as applicable) and the Revolving Credit Lenders, as collateral for Documentary Credit obligations, or obligations of Revolving Credit Lenders to fund participations in respect thereof, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Documentary Credit Lender benefitting from such collateral shall agree in its sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) the Documentary Credit Lender, as applicable (which documents are hereby consented to by the Revolving Credit Lenders). Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. Cash Management Agreement means any agreement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements. Cash Management Bank means any Person that, (i) in the case of Cash Management Agreements existing on the Effective Date, is a Lender or an Affiliate of Lender as of the Effective Date, and (ii) in the case of Cash Management Agreements entered into after the Effective Date, is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender at the time it enters into a Cash Management Agreement, in each case, in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement. CCAA means the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada), as amended from time to time. Cdn. means lawful money of Canada. Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, or (b) any change in any Law or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority. It is understood and agreed that (i) the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub.L. 111-203, H.R. 4173), all Laws in connection therewith, all guidelines and directives in connection therewith and any compliance by a Lender with any request or directive relating thereto, shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, be deemed to be adopted subsequent to the date hereof and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank of International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign financial regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. Change of Control means, any Person (or any two or more Persons acting in concert) acquires legal or beneficial ownership, either directly or indirectly, of more than 35 of the Equity Securities of Open Text entitled to vote for the election of the board of directors of Open Text. 

- 11 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Closing Date means October 31, 2019. Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Collateral means the Assets of the Loan Parties in respect of which the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender has a security interest pursuant to a Security Document or in which a security interest is intended to be created in favour of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender pursuant to the terms of a Security Document. Collateral Account means the U.S. Grantors collateral deposit accounts, if any, opened at the request of the Administrative Agent for the purpose of holding proceeds of Collateral. Collateral Agent means Barclays Bank PLC as Collateral Agent for the Lenders under this Agreement, and any successor appointed pursuant to Section 13.07. Commitment means, at any time, in respect of: (i) the Revolving Credit Facility, U.S. 750,000,000, as such amount may be increased or reduced pursuant to the terms hereof (the Revolving Credit Commitment (ii) the Documentary Credits, U.S. 35,000,000 (the Documentary Credit Commitment and (iii) the Swing Line Commitments, U.S. 75,000,000, as such amount may be increased or reduced pursuant to the terms hereof; and provided, for greater certainty, that (A) the commitments in respect of Documentary Credits constitute part of the Revolving Credit Commitment, and (B) the Swing Line Commitment constitutes part of the Revolving Credit Commitment. A Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment , a Swing Line Lender s Commitment and a Documentary Credit Lender s Commitment means, at any time, the relevant amount designated as such and set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 3 hereof or in the assignment and assumption agreement executed and delivered pursuant to Section 16.01(2) pursuant to which it shall become a party hereto (as reduced or increased in accordance with the terms hereof). Commodity Exchange Act means the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. Compliance Certificate means a certificate of Open Text signed on its behalf by its chief executive officer, chief financial officer or any other two senior officers, in the form attached hereto as Schedule 7. Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of any Term Benchmark or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length - 12 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 8.01(2) and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides, in consultation with the Borrower, may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents). Consolidated Assets means, at any time, the assets of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of such time in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Debt means, at any time, the aggregate amount of all Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of such time. Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense means, for any Measurement Period, depreciation and amortization expense of Open Text and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated EBITDA means, in respect of Open Text and its Subsidiaries for any Measurement Period, and without duplication, Consolidated Net Income for such period increased, to the extent deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, by the sum of (i) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period; (ii) Consolidated Income Tax Expense for such period; (iii) Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense for such period; (iv) Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs incurred during such period; (v) stock or stock-option based compensation expenses; (vi) [Reserved]; and (vii) any non-recurring non-cash items decreasing Consolidated Net Income for such period (such as, for clarification, deferred revenue deducted in acquisition accounting), and decreased by (viii) all cash payments during such period relating to non-cash charges which were added back in determining Consolidated EBITDA in any prior period (excluding for purposes of this clause (viii) all Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs, in each case paid in cash during such period), (ix) interest income (except to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Interest Expense) and (x) any non-recurring non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period or which require an accrual of, or reserve for, cash charges for any future period, all as determined at such time in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any period pursuant to any determination of the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio, if during such period (or in the case of calculations determined on a pro forma basis, during the period from the last day of such period to and including the date as of which such calculation is made) Open Text or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall have made a Permitted Disposition or a Permitted Acquisition, Consolidated EBITDA for such period may, at Open Text s option, be calculated after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis calculated on terms reasonably - 13 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, giving effect to identifiable cost savings documented to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. Consolidated Income Tax Expense means, for any Measurement Period, the aggregate of all Taxes (including deferred Taxes) based on income of Open Text and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Interest Expense means, in respect of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, for any Measurement Period, the sum of, without duplication, (i) all items properly classified as interest expense in accordance with GAAP and (ii) the imputed interest component of any element of Consolidated Debt (such as leases) which would not be classified as interest expense pursuant to (i), all as determined at such time in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Net Debt for Borrowed Money means, at any time, (a) (i) all Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries of the types described in clause (i) of the definition of Debt hereunder, determined on a consolidated basis, and (ii) all Synthetic Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries as of such time, determined on a consolidated basis, minus (b) Unrestricted Cash. Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio means, for any Measurement Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Net Debt for Borrowed Money to (b) Consolidated EBITDA, in each case for such period. Consolidated Net Income means, for any Measurement Period, the net income (loss) of Open Text and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Senior Secured Net Debt for Borrowed Money means, at any time, (a) the aggregate amount of (i) all Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries of the types described in clause (i) of the definition of Debt hereunder and secured by an Encumbrance on the Assets of Open Text or any of its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis, and (ii) all Synthetic Debt of Open Text and its Subsidiaries and secured by an Encumbrance on the Assets of Open Text or any of its Subsidiaries as of such time, determined on a consolidated basis, minus (b) Unrestricted Cash. Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio means, for any Measurement Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Senior Secured Net Debt for Borrowed Money to (b) Consolidated EBITDA, in each case for such period. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlled has the corresponding meaning. Covered Entity means any of the following: - 14 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (a) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 20.08. Credit Documents means this Agreement, the Documentary Credits, the Security Documents, the Eligible Hedging Agreements, the Eligible Cash Management Agreements, certificates and written notices executed by any of the Loan Parties and delivered to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, and all other documents designated by their terms as Credit Documents and executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, by any of the Loan Parties in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility. Custodian has the meaning specified in Section 13.01(2). Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day i that is five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (A) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (B) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. If by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following any day i , the SOFR in respect of such day i has not been published on the SOFR Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then the SOFR for such day i will be the SOFR as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided that any SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SOFR for no more than three (3) consecutive SOFR Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. Daily Simple SOFR Advance means an Advance that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SOFR. Debenture has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(1)(c). 

- 15 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Debt of any Person means, at any time, (without duplication), (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money including borrowings of commodities, bankers acceptances, letters of credit or letters of guarantee; (ii) all indebtedness of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services represented by a note or other evidence of indebtedness (other than trade payables and other current liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business); (iii) all indebtedness of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property) (but excluding customary title retention provisions in supply contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business with payment terms not exceeding 120 days and as to which payments are not overdue by more than 30 days); (iv) all indebtedness of another Person secured by an Encumbrance on any properties or assets of such Person (other than Encumbrances being contested in good faith); (v) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person; (vi) the aggregate amount at which any shares in the capital of such Person which are redeemable or retractable at the option of the holder may be retracted or redeemed for cash or indebtedness of the type described in clause (i) above provided all conditions precedent for such retraction or redemption have been satisfied; (vii) all other obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid by such Person; (viii) the net amount of all obligations of such Person (determined on a marked-to-market basis) under Hedging Agreements; and (ix) all Debt Guaranteed by such Person. Debt Guaranteed by any Person means the maximum amount which may be outstanding at the relevant time of all Debt which is directly or indirectly guaranteed by such Person or which such Person has agreed (contingently or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire, or in respect of which such Person has otherwise assured a creditor or other Person against loss; provided that in circumstances in which less than such amount has been guaranteed by such Person, only the guaranteed amount shall be taken into account in determining such Person s Debt Guaranteed; and provided further that, for clarification, Debt Guaranteed does not include comfort letters, keep well agreements and other agreements of similar effect given by such Person in respect of another Person for the purpose of satisfying Law, retaining officers and directors of such other Person or financial audits of such other Person, in each case, in accordance with customary business practices of such Person. Debtor Relief Laws means the BIA, the CCAA, the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, passage of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default. Default Interest has the meaning specified in Section 3.05(3). - 16 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.14, any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Advances within two Business Days of the date such Advances were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Documentary Credit Lender, any Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Documentary Credits or Swing Line Advances) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent or any Documentary Credit Lender or Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund an Advance hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, after the date hereof, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) become the subject of a Bail-in Action or (iii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.13) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrowers, each Documentary Credit Lender, each Swing Line Lender and each Lender. Deposit Account Control Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(15)(c)(i). - 17 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Designated Borrower means certain Subsidiaries of the Borrowers listed on Schedule 12 hereto or that may become a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.03. Designated Borrower Notice has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(2). Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(2). Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in Schedule B and Schedule I. Disposition means with respect to any Asset of any Person, any direct or indirect sale, lease (where such Person is the lessor of such Asset), assignment, cession, transfer, exchange, conveyance, release or gift of such Asset, including by means of a Sale-Leaseback Transaction and Dispose and Disposed have meanings correlative thereto; provided that dispositions of past due accounts receivable in connection with the collection, write down or compromise thereof in the ordinary course of business shall not constitute Dispositions. Documentary Credit means a letter of credit (including a standby letter of credit) or a letter of guarantee issued or to be issued by a Documentary Credit Lender for the account of a Revolving Credit Borrower pursuant to Article 4 and denominated in such currency as may be requested by the applicable Borrower and agreed to by the Documentary Credit Lender (which, in any event, shall include U.S. , Cdn. , Pounds Sterling and Euros) as the same may be amended, supplemented, extended or restated from time to time. Documentary Credit Borrower means a Revolving Credit Borrower. Documentary Credit Borrowing has the meaning specified in Section 4.06(2). Documentary Credit Commitment means the obligation of a Documentary Credit Lender to issue Documentary Credits under the Revolving Credit Facility, as such obligation may be increased or reduced from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Documentary Credit Fee means the fee in basis points per annum set forth and defined in Schedule 6, or such other fee as may be agreed between a Borrower and a Documentary Credit Lender. Documentary Credit Lender means Royal Bank of Canada and any Revolving Credit Lender that has a Documentary Credit Commitment (and, where the context requires, also means the issuer of any Existing Documentary Credit which remains outstanding). Documentary Credit Participation Fee means the fee in basis points per annum set forth and defined in Schedule 6. - 18 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 EBITDA means, as to any Subsidiary of Open Text for any Measurement Period, and without duplication, net income (or loss) of such Subsidiary for such period increased, to the extent deducted in calculating net income (or loss), by the sum of (i) interest expenses of such Subsidiary for such period; (ii) income tax expenses of such Subsidiary for such period; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses of such Subsidiary for such period; (iv) such Subsidiary s ratable share of Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs incurred during such period; (v) stock or stock-option based compensation expenses of such Subsidiary; (vi) [Reserved]; and (vii) any non-recurring non-cash items decreasing net income of such Subsidiary for such period (such as, for clarification, deferred revenue deducted in acquisition accounting), and decreased by (viii) all cash payments made by such Subsidiary during such period relating to non-cash charges which were added back in determining EBITDA in any prior period (excluding for purposes of this clause (viii) such Subsidiary s ratable share of Additional Restructuring and Integration Costs, in each case, paid in cash during such period), (ix) interest income (except to the extent deducted in determining interest expense) of such Subsidiary and (x) any non-recurring non-cash items increasing net income of such Subsidiary for such period or which require an accrual of, or reserve for, cash charges for any future period, all as determined at such time in accordance with GAAP. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Effective Date means the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.01 have been satisfied and the Administrative Agent has provided notice of such satisfaction to the Borrowers and the Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Effective Date is October 31, 2019. Effective Yield means, as to any Debt, the yield thereon, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, original issue discount, up-front fees, interest rate floors or similar devices, all recurring fees and all other fees, or otherwise; provided that original issue discount and up-front fees shall, for floating rate Debt, be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year life to maturity; and provided further that Effective Yield shall not include arrangement fees or similar fees paid to the arrangers or lenders for such Debt. 

- 19 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Eligible Assignee means any Person (other than a natural person, any Loan Party (except assignments to the applicable Borrower pursuant to Section 16.01) or any Affiliate of a Loan Party), in respect of which any consent that is required by Section 16.01 has been obtained. Eligible Cash Management Agreements means any Cash Management Agreement that is in existence as of the Effective Date or entered into after the Effective Date, in each case, by and between the Loan Parties and any Cash Management Bank. Eligible Hedging Agreements means one or more agreements between the Loan Parties and certain of the Lenders or an Affiliate of a Lender (collectively, the Hedge Lenders evidenced by a form of agreement approved by the International Swaps and Derivatives Dealers Association, Inc. (or other form approved by the Administrative Agent) using the full two-way payment method to calculate amounts payable thereunder and evidencing (i) any interest rate hedge (including any interest rate swap, cap or collar); or (ii) any foreign exchange hedge, provided that any such hedging agreements entered into by any Loan Party and any Person at the time that such Person was a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender hereunder shall continue to be an Eligible Hedging Agreement notwithstanding that such Person (or its Affiliate) ceases, at any time, to be a Lender hereunder. Encumbrance means any hypothec, mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien, charge or any encumbrance of any kind that in substance secures payment or performance of an obligation of any Loan Party and includes the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capitalized lease or other title retention agreement. Environmental Laws means all Laws relating to the environment, occupational health and safety matters or conditions, Hazardous Substances, pollution or protection of the environment, including Laws relating to (i) on site or off-site contamination; (ii) occupational health and safety relating to Hazardous Substances; (iii) chemical substances or products; (iv) Releases of pollutants, contaminants, chemicals or other industrial, toxic or radioactive substances or Hazardous Substances into the environment; and (v) the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, transport or handling of Hazardous Substances, the clean-up or other remediation thereof, and including the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 S.C. 1999, c.33, the Fisheries Act R.S.C. 1985, c.F.14, Transportation of Dangerous Goods Act, S.C. 1992 c.34, the Migratory Birds Convention Act, S.C. 1994, c. 22, the Species at Risk Act S.C. 2002, c. 29, the Hazardous Products Act R.S.C. 1985, c.H-3, the Canada Shipping Act 2001, S.C. 2001, c.26, the Canada Wildlife Act R.S.C. 1985, c.W-9, the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq., the Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq., the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq., the Emergency Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act, 42 U.S.C. 11001 et seq., the Oil Pollution Act, 33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq., the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. 300f et seq., and the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. - 20 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Environmental Liabilities means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of Borrower, Open Text or any of their Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) Borrower s, Open Text s or any of its Subsidiaries generation, use, handling, collection, treatment, storage, transportation, recovery, recycling or disposal of any Hazardous Substances, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Substances, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substances into the environment, or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. Environmental Permits includes all permits, certificates, approvals, registrations and licences issued by any Governmental Authority to any of the Loan Parties or to the Business pursuant to Environmental Laws and required for the operation of the Business or the use of the Owned Real Properties or other Assets of any of the Loan Parties. Equivalent U.S. Amount means, with respect to an amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, such amount, and with respect to an amount denominated in any other currency, the equivalent in U.S. Dollars of such amount determined at the Exchange Rate on the applicable Valuation Date. Equity Securities means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights in, or other equivalents (however designated and whether voting or non-voting) of, such Person s capital, whether outstanding on the Effective Date or issued after the Effective Date, including any interest in a partnership, limited partnership or other similar Person and any beneficial interest in a trust, and any and all rights, warrants, options or other rights exchangeable for or convertible into any of the foregoing. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and any successor statute of similar import, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect. ERISA Group means, at any time, the Loan Parties and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control and all other entities which, together with any of the Loan Parties, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Euros means the single currency of the participating members of the European Union. Eurodollar Rate means for any Interest Period as to any LIBOR Advance: - 21 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (a) until such time as an Alternate Rate of Interest is determined pursuant to Section 3.04(3), (i) the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate which appears on the page of the Reuters Screen which displays the London interbank offered rate administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (such page currently being the LIBOR01 page) (the LIBO Rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London, England time), two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, (ii) in the event the rate referenced in the preceding clause (i) does not appear on such page or service or if such page or service shall cease to be available, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate on such other page or other service which displays the LIBO Rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, determined as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that if LIBO Rates are quoted under either of the preceding clauses (i) or (ii), but there is no such quotation for the Interest Period elected, the LIBO Rate shall be equal to the Interpolated Rate; and provided, further, that if any such rate determined pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) or (ii) is below zero, the Eurodollar Rate will be deemed to be zero; and (b) following the determination of an Alternate Rate of Interest pursuant to Section 3.04(3), such Alternate Rate of Interest. Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(1). Exchange Rate means the rate at which any currency (the Pre-Exchange Currency may be exchanged into U.S. Dollars, Euros or another currency (the Exchanged Currency ), as set forth on such date on the relevant Reuters screen at or about 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) on such date. In the event that such rate does not appear on the Reuters screen, the Exchange Rate with respect to exchanging such Pre-Exchange Currency into such Exchanged Currency shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers or, in the absence of such agreement, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the Administrative Agent s spot rate of exchange in the interbank market where its foreign currency exchange operations in respect of such Pre-Exchange Currency are then being conducted, at or about 11:00 a.m., local time, on such date for the purchase of the Exchanged Currency, with such Pre-Exchange Currency for delivery two Business Days later; provided, that if at the time of any such determination, no such spot rate can reasonably be quoted, the Administrative Agent may use any reasonable method as it deems applicable to determine such rate, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Exchanged Currency has the meaning specified in the definition of Exchange Rate herein. - 22 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Excluded Hedging Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Hedging Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Hedging Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to Section 22.13 and any and all Guarantees of such Guarantor s Hedging Obligations by other Guarantors) at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Hedging Obligation. If a Hedging Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one hedge, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Hedging Obligation that is attributable to hedges for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. Excluded Subsidiary means (i) any non-wholly owned Subsidiary of Open Text, (ii) any Immaterial Subsidiary, (iii) any Foreign Subsidiary and (iv) any other Subsidiary of Open Text (other than a Borrower) to the extent that the entering into of a Guarantee in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility would give rise to material adverse tax consequences or would be materially restricted or limited or prohibited by Law; provided that, except as set forth in the succeeding proviso, Open Text and the other Loan Parties shall represent, in the aggregate, at least 70 of Consolidated EBITDA (such percentage of Consolidated EBITDA, the Minimum Guarantor Coverage ), and Open Text shall be obligated to designate one or more Subsidiaries that would otherwise qualify as Excluded Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries in order to comply with the terms of this proviso; provided further that if, solely as a result of material adverse tax consequences or material restrictions or limitations or prohibitions of Law, the Loan Parties are unable to comply with the foregoing proviso, then the Minimum Guarantor Coverage may be lower than 70 of Consolidated EBITDA, provided that Open Text certifies to the Administrative Agent the nature of such restrictions, prohibitions or tax consequences in reasonable detail. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, (i) to the extent that the financial results of any Subsidiary of Open Text negatively impact Consolidated EBITDA for any Measurement Period, such Subsidiary shall be disregarded for purposes of the calculations contained in the foregoing two provisos; (ii) no Subsidiary shall be deemed to be an Excluded Subsidiary if it has guaranteed any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (b) or (o) of the definition of Permitted Debt or Refinancing Debt in respect thereof; and (iii) with respect to any Immaterial Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date, such Immaterial Subsidiary shall not be subject to the representations, warranties, covenants, Events of Default and other provisions in the Credit Documents for a period of twelve months following any such acquisition; provided that such twelve month period may be extended upon notice to the Administrative Agent in connection with tax filings or assessments necessary to complete any dissolution, winding up, merger or amalgamation of any such Immaterial Subsidiary. Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of a Loan 

- 23 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Party hereunder or under any Credit Document, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by its net income or capital, and franchise Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or resident or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch profits Taxes or any similar Tax imposed by any jurisdiction in which the Lender is located, (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the applicable Borrower under Section 9.03(2) or a Foreign Lender that becomes a party hereto during the continuance of an Event of Default), any withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 9.02(5), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the applicable Borrower with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 9.02(1), and (d) any United States federal withholding Taxes that are imposed under FATCA. Exempt Immaterial Subsidiary has the meaning specified in the definition of Immaterial Subsidiary herein. Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement initially dated as of October 2, 2006, as amended as of February 15, 2007 and as of September 24, 2009, as amended and restated as of November 9, 2011, as amended as of December 16, 2013 and as of December 22, 2014, as further amended and restated as of January 15, 2015, as amended as of June 16, 2016, as of February 1, 2017, as of May 5, 2017, and as of September 16, 2017, and as further amended and restated as of May 30, 2018, by and among the Borrowers and Guarantors party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, the other financial institutions party thereto and the lenders party thereto from time to time. Existing Credit Facility means the revolving credit facility under the Existing Credit Agreement. Existing Documentary Credits means outstanding Documentary Credits issued prior to the Effective Date by any Documentary Credit Lender and set out in Schedule N. Face Amount means, in respect of a Documentary Credit, the maximum amount which the Documentary Credit Lender is contingently liable to pay to the beneficiary thereof. Facility means the Revolving Credit Facility and any Incremental Facility that is not implemented in the form of an increase to the Revolving Credit Facility. Facility Fee means the applicable fee in basis points per annum set forth and defined in Schedule 6. The Facility Fee shall be adjusted as of the earlier of (i) 3 Business Days after the date the Administrative Agent receives the relevant Compliance Certificate - 24 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 calculating the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio; and (ii) the latest date specified in Section 8.01(1)(a) for the delivery of the relevant Compliance Certificate. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date hereof (or any amended or successor provisions that are substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretation thereof, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in respect thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with). Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner asset forth on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided, that if the Federal Funds Rate for any day is less than zero, the Federal Funds Rate for such day will be deemed to be zero. Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Fees means the fees payable by the Borrowers under this Agreement or under any other Credit Document. Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of Open Text. Financial Quarter means, in respect of any Loan Party, a period of approximately three consecutive months in each Financial Year ending on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31, as the case may be, of such year. Financial Year means the financial year of Open Text commencing on or about July 1 of each calendar year and ending on June 30 of such calendar year. First Amendment means that certain Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2016, among the Borrowers, the Guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and the Administrative Agent. Flood Insurance Laws means, collectively, (i) the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statue thereto, (iii) the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto, (iv) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or - 25 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and (v) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00 . Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not resident for income tax or withholding tax purposes under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the applicable Borrower is resident for tax purposes on the Effective Date and that is not otherwise considered or deemed in respect of any amount payable to it hereunder or under any Credit Document to be resident for income tax or withholding tax purposes in the jurisdiction in which the applicable Borrower is resident for tax purposes by application of the laws of that jurisdiction. For purposes of this definition, Canada and each Province and Territory thereof shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction and the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. Foreign Plan means any benefit plan, other than a Canadian Benefit Plan or Canadian Pension Plan, sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party that under applicable law other than the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof, is required to be funded through a trust or other funding vehicle other than a trust or funding vehicle maintained exclusively by a Governmental Authority. Foreign Plan Event means, with respect to any Foreign Plan, (a) the existence of unfunded liabilities in excess of the amount permitted under any applicable law, (b) the failure to make the required contributions or payments, under any applicable law, on or before the due date for such contributions or payments, (c) the receipt of a notice by a Governmental Authority relating to the intention to terminate any such Foreign Plan or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer any such Foreign Plan, or alleging the insolvency of any such Foreign Plan or (d) the incurrence of any liability by any Loan Party under applicable law on account of the complete or partial termination of such Foreign Plan or on account of the complete or partial withdrawal of any participating employer therein. Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Open Text that is organized or existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than (a) the laws of Canada or (b) the laws of a jurisdiction located within Canada or the United States. Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to any Documentary Credit Lender, such Defaulting Lender s ratable share of the outstanding Documentary Credit obligations other than Documentary Credit obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s ratable share of Swing Line Advances other than Swing Line Advances as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. - 26 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 GAAP means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applied on a consistent basis; provided, however, that, in the event of any change in GAAP from those applied in the preparation of the financial statements of Open Text most recently delivered on or prior to the Effective Date that would affect the computation of any financial covenant, ratio, accounting definition or requirement set forth in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, if Open Text or the Majority Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Majority Lenders and the Borrowers shall negotiate in good faith, each acting reasonably, to amend such financial covenant or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided, further, that, until so amended as provided in the preceding proviso, (a) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP without regard to such change therein, and (b) the Loan Parties shall furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement, setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such financial covenant or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP; provided, further, that, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any lease that is treated as an operating lease for purposes of GAAP as of the Effective Date shall continue to be treated as an operating lease (and any future lease, if it were in effect on the Effective Date, that would be treated as an operating lease for purposes of GAAP as of the Effective Date shall be treated as an operating lease), in each case, for purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP after the Effective Date. Governmental Authority means the government of Canada, the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether provincial, state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government, including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank and including a Minister of the Crown, Superintendent of Financial Institutions or other comparable authority or agency. Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 22.01. Guaranteed Parties has the meaning specified in Section 22.01. Guarantee means the guarantee of each of the Guarantors set forth in Article 22 and any additional guarantee of a Guarantor in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, no Person shall guarantee its own Obligations. Guarantor means Open Text and each Subsidiary of Open Text (other than any Excluded Subsidiaries), in each case, in its capacity as a guarantor under the Guarantee. Hazardous Substance means any substance, waste, liquid, gaseous or solid matter, fuel, micro-organism, sound, vibration, ray, heat, odour, radiation, energy, plasma and organic or inorganic matter, alone or in any combination which is regulated under any applicable Environmental Laws as hazardous waste, a hazardous substance, a pollutant, a deleterious substance, a contaminant or a source of pollution or contamination under any Environmental Law. 

- 27 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Hedge Lenders has the meaning specified in the definition of Eligible Hedging Agreements herein. Hedging Agreements means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments to current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants (in their capacities as such) of Open Text or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a Hedging Agreement. Hedging Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act, including any Hedging Agreements. Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Open Text that has less than, as at the end of any Measurement Period, (i) U.S. 40,000,000 of EBITDA and (ii) U.S. 80,000,000 of Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Open Text may from time to time designate, by notice to the Administrative Agent, Immaterial Subsidiaries representing, in the aggregate at any time, up to 7.5 of Consolidated EBITDA (measured as at the end of the most recently-ended period of four consecutive Financial Quarters at such time) as being exempt from Section 7.02 and Section 8.01 of this Agreement (any such Immaterial Subsidiary, an Exempt Immaterial Subsidiary ). As of the the Effective Date, any such Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries are set forth on Schedule J hereto. Impermissible Qualification means, relative to (i) the financial statements or notes thereto of any Person; or (ii) the opinion or report of any independent auditors as to any financial statement or notes thereto, any qualification or exception to such financial statements, notes, opinion or report, as the case may be, which (a) is of a going concern or similar nature; or (b) relates to any limited scope of examination of material matters relevant to such financial statement, if such limitation results from the refusal or failure of such Person to grant access to necessary information therefore within the power of such Person to so grant. Incremental Advances has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(4). Incremental Commitment means any commitment made by a Lender to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Facility. Incremental Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(4). Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified in Section 15.01(2). Indemnified Taxes means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. - 28 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 15.01(2). Information has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(6). Instruments means (i) a bill, note or cheque within the meaning of the Bills of Exchange Act (Canada) or any other writing that evidences a right to the payment of money and is of a type that in the ordinary course of business is transferred by delivery with any necessary endorsement or assignment, or (ii) a letter of credit and an advice of credit if the letter or advice states that it must be surrendered upon claiming payment thereunder, or (iii) chattel paper or any other writing that evidences both a monetary obligation and a security interest in or a lease of specific goods, or (iv) documents of title or any other writing that purports to be issued by or addressed to a bailee and purports to cover such goods in the bailee s possession as are identified or fungible portions of an identified mass, and that in the ordinary course of business is treated as establishing that the Person in possession of it is entitled to receive, hold and dispose of the document and the goods it covers, or (v) any document or writing commonly known as an instrument. Intellectual Property means domestic and foreign: (i) patents, applications for patents and reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations-in-part of patents or patent applications; (ii) proprietary and non-public business information, including inventions (whether patentable or not), invention disclosures, improvements, discoveries, trade secrets, confidential information, know-how, methods, processes, designs, technology, technical data, schematics, formulae and customer lists, and documentation relating to any of the foregoing; (iii) copyrights, copyright registrations and applications for copyright registration; (iv) mask works, mask work registrations and applications for mask work registrations; (v) designs, design registrations, design registration applications and integrated circuit topographies; (vi) trade names, business names, corporate names, domain names, website names and world wide web addresses, common law trade-marks, trade-mark registrations, trade mark applications, trade addresses and logos, and the goodwill associated with any of the foregoing; (vii) computer software and programs (both source code and object code form), all proprietary rights in the computer software and programs and all documentation and other materials related to the computer software and programs; and (viii) any other intellectual property and industrial property. Intercompany Instruments means all Instruments issued by or evidencing an obligation of any Loan Party to another Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party to a Loan Party. Intercompany Securities means all Securities issued by any Loan Party to another Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party to a Loan Party. Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated as of January 16, 2014, between the Administrative Agent and the Term B Agreement Agent. - 29 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Interest Period means, for each LIBORTerm SOFR Advance, a period which commences (i) in the case of the initial Interest Period, on the date the LIBORTerm SOFR Advance is made or converted from another Type of Accommodation, and (ii) in the case of any subsequent Interest Period, on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period in respect of a maturing LIBORTerm SOFR Advance, and which ends, in either case, on the day selected by the applicable Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Notice or Interest Rate Election Notice. The duration of each Interest Period shall be 1one, 2, 3three or 6six months (or, if available to all Lenders making the applicable LIBOR Advances, 12 months), unless the last day of a LIBORTerm SOFR Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, in which case the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next Business Day, or if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the preceding Business Day. Interest Rate Election Notice has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(3). Interpolated Rate means, in relation to the LIBO Rate in respect of any Advance, the rate which results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the applicable LIBO Rate for the longest period (for which that LIBO Rate is available) which is less than the Interest Period of such Advance; and (b) the applicable LIBO Rate for the shortest period (for which that LIBO Rate is available) which exceeds the Interest Period of such Advance, each as of approximately 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period of such Advance. Investment Credit means the amount of any dividends, distributions, returns of capital, repayments of loans or similar payments paid to any Loan Party during the term of this Agreement by any Person in which Investments may be made under Section 7.02. Investments means, as applied to any Person (the investor ), any direct or indirect purchase or other acquisition by the investor of, or a beneficial interest in, Equity Securities of any other Person, including any exchange of Equity Securities for Indebtedness, or any direct or indirect loan, advance (other than advances to directors, officers and employees for moving, travel and entertainment expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution by the investor to any other Person, including all Indebtedness and accounts receivable owing to the investor from such other Person that did not arise from sales or services rendered to such other Person in the ordinary course of the investor s business, or any direct or indirect purchase or other acquisition of bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of, any other Person. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustments for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs or write-offs with respect to such Investment minus any amounts (a) realized upon the disposition of assets comprising an - 30 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Investment (including the value of any liabilities assumed by any Person other than the Borrowers or any Subsidiary in connection with such disposition), (b) constituting repayments of Investments that are loans or advances or (c) constituting cash returns of principal or capital thereon (including any dividend, redemption or repurchase of equity that is accounted for, in accordance with GAAP, as a return of principal or capital). investor has the meaning specified in the definition of Investments herein. Issue means an issue of a Documentary Credit by a Documentary Credit Lender pursuant to Article 4. Issue Date has the meaning specified in Section 4.02(1). Issue Notice has the meaning specified in Section 4.02(1). ITA has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(18). Laws means all legally enforceable statutes, codes, ordinances, decrees, rules, regulations, municipal by-laws, judicial or arbitral or administrative or ministerial or departmental or regulatory judgments, orders, decisions, rulings or awards, policies, voluntary restraints, guidelines, or any provisions of the foregoing, including general principles of common and civil law and equity, binding on the Person referred to in the context in which such word is used; and Law means any one of the foregoing. Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in the definition of Commitment herein. Lead Arranger means Barclays Bank PLC. Lender Fee Letter means that certain Amendment and RestatementLender Fee Letter, dated as of [ ], 2019the Closing Date, between the Borrowers and each Lender, pursuant to which the Borrowers have agreed to pay certain upfront and amendment fees to the Lenders on the Effective Date. Lenders means, collectively, the financial institutions and other Persons set forth on the signature pages hereof as Lenders, and any assignee thereof pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement upon such assignee executing and delivering an Assignment and Assumption to each applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, or any other Person which becomes a Lender party to this Agreement, and in the singular any one of such Lenders. A Lender which, at any relevant time, has (i) a Revolving Credit Commitment is sometimes referred to herein as a Revolving Credit Lender (ii) a Documentary Credit Commitment is sometimes referred to herein as a Documentary Credit Lender and (iii) a Swing Line Commitment is sometimes referred to herein as a Swing Line Lender . LIBO Rate has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate herein. LIBOR Advance has the meaning specified in the definition of Advances herein. 

- 31 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrowers and the Guarantors, and Loan Party means any one of them. Majority Lenders means, at any time, Lenders whose Revolving Credit Commitments at such time, taken together, are greater than 50 of the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments at such time. Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on: (i) the business, operations, financial condition, liabilities (contingent or otherwise) or properties of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (ii) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under the Credit Documents; or (iii) the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Credit Documents, taken as a whole. Material Agreements means those agreements (as amended, supplemented, revised or restated as permitted herein from time to time) of any of the Loan Parties, the breach, non-performance or cancellation of which, or the failure of which to renew, or the termination, revocation or lapse of which, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and which cannot promptly be replaced by an alternative comparable contract with comparable commercial terms, which agreements, if any, as of the Effective Date, are listed on Schedule H (as amended, restated, supplemented or replaced as permitted hereunder). Material Disposition means any Disposition or series of related Dispositions that involves Assets having a fair value, or consideration received for such Assets, in excess of U.S. 30,000,000. Material Intellectual Property Rights has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(10). Material Owned Real Property means any owned real property (or owned immoveable property, as applicable) of any Loan Party acquired after the Effective Date having a fair value or book value of greater than U.S. 10,000,000. Material Permits means the Authorizations, the breach, non-performance, cancellation or non-availability of which, or failure of which to renew, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of Open Text other than an Excluded Subsidiary (but including any Subsidiary that has been designated as a Material Subsidiary as provided in the definition of Excluded Subsidiary ). Measurement Period means, as of any date of determination, the four consecutive Financial Quarters most recently ended prior to such date. Minimum Guarantor Coverage has the meaning specified in the definition of Excluded Subsidiary herein. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. - 32 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Mortgaged Property has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(5). Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan which is a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and to which any Loan Party or any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or, within the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or had an obligation to make such contributions and excludes any Canadian Benefit Plan. Multiple Employer Plan means a Plan which has two (2) or more contributing sponsors (including any Loan Party or any member of the ERISA Group) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Sections 4063 and 4064 of ERISA. Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 17.01(6). Non-Public Information means material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws) with respect to Open Text, its Affiliates, its Subsidiaries or their Securities. Non-Public Lenders means Lenders that wish to receive Non-Public Information with respect to Open Text, its Affiliates, its Subsidiaries or their Securities. Obligations means all debts, liabilities and obligations of or owing by the Loan Parties to any Guaranteed Party at any time and from time to time, present and future, direct and indirect, absolute and contingent, matured or not (including all Accommodations), arising from this Agreement, any Eligible Cash Management Agreements, any Eligible Hedging Agreements or any other Credit Document, and all amendments, restatements, replacements, renewals, extensions, or supplements and continuations thereof, and whether the Loan Parties are bound alone or with another or others, and whether as principal or surety, and including all liabilities of the Loan Parties arising as a consequence of their failure to pay or fulfill any of such debts, liabilities and obligations. Obligor has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(15)(c)(ii). Open Text means Open Text Corporation. Original Closing Date means November 9, 2011. Original Currency has the meaning specified in Section 17.02(1). Other Currency has the meaning specified in Section 17.02(1). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Credit Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document. - 33 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Owned Real Properties means, collectively, the land and premises listed on Schedule E and the Buildings and Fixtures thereon. Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 16.01(5). Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 16.01(8). PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA or any successor. Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR . Permitted Acquisitions means any Acquisition (i) which is of a Person carrying on a business which is the same as or related, ancillary, incidental or complementary to the business carried on by any Loan Party (or if an asset Acquisition, is of assets used or useful in a business which is the same as or related, ancillary, incidental or complementary to the business carried on by any Loan Party); (ii) in respect of which Open Text provides, together with the next Compliance Certificate required to be delivered in accordance with Section 7.01(1)(a)(iii) following the date of such Acquisition, a certificate of the chief financial officer containing information in reasonable detail regarding the cost of such Acquisition, the projected earnings of such Acquisition, the financial and acquisition structure of such Acquisition, audited financial statements of the subject of such Acquisition for the previous two years to the extent available, and financial projections, on a quarterly basis, for the succeeding year, and on an annual basis for the year thereafter (or such later period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request), which shall demonstrate, after giving effect to such Acquisition, compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.03 as at the date of such Acquisition, and at all relevant times during the period of 12 months thereafter (calculated on a pro forma basis and based on the projected performance of such Acquisition for such 12 month period); (iii) in respect of which the Lenders will have a security interest over the assets to be acquired (to the extent such assets are acquired by a Loan Party), subject only to Permitted Exceptions and Permitted Encumbrances (and if such Acquisition is an Acquisition of Equity Securities of any Person that is a Material Subsidiary, to the extent the Minimum Guarantor Coverage would not otherwise be satisfied, also a full liability guarantee (subject to any limitations imposed by Law on the amount of such liability) and a security interest over the assets of such Person, subject only to Permitted Exceptions and Permitted Encumbrances), or arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, shall have been made for the providing of such guarantee and the obtaining of such security interests, as applicable, within a period not to exceed 90 days following the date of such Acquisition; and (iv) if such Acquisition is an Acquisition of Equity Securities of any Person, in respect of which such acquiring Person acquires a percentage of the Equity Securities of such Person sufficient to permit such acquiring Person to effect the acquisition of 100 of the Equity Securities of such Person in a subsequent transaction under Law. - 34 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Permitted Debt means, (a) Debt hereunder or under any other Credit Document; (b) Debt existing on the Effective Date, and set forth in Schedule K and, in case of the Term B Credit Agreement up to U.S. 250,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Incremental Term Facilities permitted under the Term B Credit Agreement on the terms in effect as of the Effective Date; (c) [Reserved]. (d) [Reserved]. (e) intercompany Debt permitted by Section 7.02(9)(b) or Section 7.02(9)(c) and intercompany Debt, payments on which are excluded from the definition of Restricted Payments by clause (x) or (y) thereof, which Debt shall, in each case, if owing to a Loan Party, be pledged, subject to Permitted Exceptions, to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, under the applicable Security Agreement; (f) Capital Lease Obligations in an aggregate amount of not more than U.S. 120,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency) at any time outstanding; (g) Debt secured by Purchase Money Mortgages in an aggregate amount of not more than U.S. 100,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency) at any time outstanding; (h) Debt under or in connection with customary treasury, depositary, cash management, automatic clearinghouse arrangements, overdraft protections, cash pooling or netting or setting off arrangements or similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; (i) Debt permitted to be secured by Encumbrances described in clause (n) of Permitted Encumbrances whether or not so secured at any time; (j) [Reserved]; (k) any obligation in respect of judgments that do not result in an Event of Default under Section 8.01(1)(j); (l) Refinancing Debt incurred in respect of any of the foregoing (other than clause (h) above) or Refinancing Debt in respect of clause (o) below; (m) Debt consisting of letters of credit and guarantees of local bank guarantees of performance of the obligations of Subsidiaries under leases of facilities of the Loan Parties, in an aggregate amount for all such Debt not to exceed U.S. 100,000,000 at any time; (n) Debt consisting of letters of credit issued to support performance obligations (not constituting Debt of the type described in clause (i) of the definition therefor) of Open Text and its Subsidiaries under service agreements or licences in the ordinary course of business; 

- 35 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (o) Debt in an unlimited amount, whether secured (including by way of Encumbrances ranking pari passu with the Encumbrances created under the Security Documents) or unsecured, provided that Open Text has demonstrated that it will be in compliance with a Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio of less than 2.75:1.00 on a pro forma basis at the end of the Financial Quarter immediately following the incurrence of such Debt for the Measurement Period then ended and with respect to any secured Debt, subject to intercreditor arrangements substantially in the form of the Intercreditor Agreement or otherwise satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and customary terms of such arrangements shall be deemed to be satisfactory), and otherwise containing terms, covenants, and defaults that are not more restrictive, taken as a whole, than the terms, covenants and defaults contained in the Credit Documents; provided that if secured, unless otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, such Debt shall not be secured by any property or assets of the Loan Parties other than the Collateral; and (p) Debt not otherwise permitted above in an aggregate amount not to exceed U.S. 500,000,000 at any time. Permitted Dispositions means (i) any Disposition of Assets to Loan Parties; (ii) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (iii) Dispositions of Assets which are obsolete, redundant or of no material economic value; (iv) Dispositions of Assets in each Financial Year to a Person that is not a Loan Party of not more than an amount equal to 20 of Consolidated Assets in the aggregate for all such Dispositions during such Financial Year (determined on the first Business Day of such Financial Year); provided that if, for any Financial Year, the amount specified above exceeds the aggregate amount of applicable Dispositions made by Open Text and its Subsidiaries, as determined on a consolidated basis during such Financial Year, the amount set forth above for the succeeding Financial Year shall be increased by 50 of such excess amount; provided further that all such Dispositions pursuant to this clause (iv) shall not exceed an aggregate amount equal to 45 of Consolidated Assets as of the Effective Date; (v) Dispositions of Assets to Subsidiaries of Open Text so long as Section 7.02(6) and Section 7.02(9) are complied with and subject in all cases to compliance with the Minimum Guarantor Coverage; (vi) Dispositions resulting from a transaction permitted under Section 7.02(3)(i) through (iv); and (vi) Dispositions of Assets by Subsidiaries of Open Text that are not Loan Parties to other Subsidiaries of Open Text that are not Loan Parties. Permitted Encumbrances means, with respect to any Person, the following: (q) (a) Encumbrances for Taxes, rates, assessments or other governmental charges or levies or for employment insurance, pension obligations or other social security obligations, workers compensation or vacation pay, the payment of which is not yet due, or for which installments have been paid based on reasonable estimate spending final assessments, or if due, the applicable grace period has not expired or the validity of which is being contested diligently and in good faith by appropriate proceedings by that Person if either, in the case of such items being contested, (i) adequate reserves have been maintained in accordance with GAAP, if applicable or (ii) the applicable liens are not in the aggregate materially prejudicial to the value of the assets of the Loan Parties taken as a whole; - 36 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (r) (b) undetermined or inchoate Encumbrances, rights of distress and charges incidental to current operations which have not at such time been filed or exercised, or which relate to obligations not due or payable or if due, the validity of which is being contested diligently and in good faith by appropriate proceedings by that Person; (s) (c) (i) reservations, limitations, provisos and conditions expressed in any original grant from any Governmental Authority or (ii) other grant of real or immovable property, or interests therein, which, in the case of this clause (ii), do not materially affect the use of the affected land for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (t) (d) licences, permits, reservations, covenants, servitudes, easements, rights-of-way and rights in the nature of easements (including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, licenses, easements, rights-of-way and rights in the nature of easements for sidewalks, public ways, sewers, drains, gas, steam and water mains or electric light and power, or telephone and telegraph conduits, poles, wires and cables) and zoning, land use and building restrictions, by-laws, regulations and ordinances of federal, provincial, regional, state, municipal and other governmental authorities, which do not materially impair the use of the affected land for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (u) (e) title defects, encroachments or irregularities which in the aggregate do not materially impair the use of the affected property for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (v) (f) the right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit acquired by that Person or by any statutory provision to terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant or permit, or to require annual or other payments as a condition to the continuance thereof; (w) (g) the Encumbrances resulting from the deposit or pledge of cash or securities in connection with contracts, tenders, bids, performance bonds and similar obligations or expropriation proceedings, or to secure workers compensation, unemployment insurance, and other social security obligations; (x) (h) the Encumbrances resulting from surety or appeal bonds, costs of litigation when required by Law, liens and claims incidental to current construction, mechanics , warehousemen s, carriers and other similar liens, and public, statutory and other like obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; (y) (i) Encumbrances given to a public utility or any Governmental Authority when required by such utility or Governmental Authority in connection with the operations of that Person in the ordinary course of its business; (z) (j) the Encumbrances created by a judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, as long as the judgment is being contested diligently and in good faith by appropriate proceedings by that Person and does not result in an Event of Default under Section 8.01(1)(j); (aa) (k) operating leases of vehicles or equipment which are entered into in the ordinary course of the Business; - 37 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (bb) (l) Encumbrances securing Purchase Money Mortgages or Capital Lease Obligations permitted hereunder; (cc) (m) the Encumbrances created by the Security Documents; (dd) (n) Encumbrances securing indebtedness not in excess of an aggregate principal amount of U.S. 120,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) for all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries relating to Assets acquired in connection with Permitted Acquisitions and Investments permitted under Section 7.02(9)(k), in each case made after the Effective Date by Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries securing debts, liabilities or obligations, in each case not assumed or incurred in contemplation of such Acquisition or Investment; (ee) (o) subdivision agreements, site plan control agreements, development agreements, facilities sharing agreements, cost sharing agreements and other similar agreements which do not materially impair the use of the real property subject thereto for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (ff) (p) the rights of any tenant, occupant or licensee under any lease, occupancy agreement or licence which do not materially impair the use of the real property subject thereto for the purpose for which it is used by that Person; (gg) (q) the Encumbrances set forth in Schedule K; provided that, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement, Encumbrances securing Debt in a principal amount of up to the sum of the Term Loans made on the Term Loan Closing Date plus the principal amounts of any Incremental Term Facility permitted in accordance with the terms of the Term B Credit Agreement as of the Effective Date (or any Refinancing Debt in respect thereof (subject to execution of any joinder agreement that may be required under the Intercreditor Agreement)) shall constitute Permitted Encumbrances and may rank pari passu with the Encumbrances created by the Security Documents; (hh) (r) bankers Encumbrances, rights of setoff and other similar Encumbrances existing solely with respect to accounts and cash and cash equivalents on deposit in accounts (including any restriction on the use of such cash and cash equivalents or investment property), in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the banks or other financial or depositary institution with which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such Person with respect to cash management services (including operating account arrangements and those involving pooled accounts and netting arrangements); provided, that, unless such Encumbrances arise by operation of applicable law, in no case shall any such Encumbrances secure (either directly or indirectly) any Debt for borrowed money; (ii) (s) Encumbrances or covenants restricting or prohibiting access to or from lands abutting on controlled access highways or covenants affecting the use to which lands may be put; provided, however, that such Encumbrances or covenants do not materially and adversely affect the use of the lands by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries; (jj) (t) Encumbrances consisting of royalties payable with respect to any asset or property of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, provided that the existence of any such Encumbrance as - 38 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 of the Effective Date on any material property or asset of the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary shall have been disclosed in writing to the Lenders prior to the Effective Date; (kk) (u) statutory Encumbrances incurred or pledges or deposits made in favour of a Governmental Authority to secure the performance of obligations of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries under Environmental Laws to which any Loan Party or Subsidiary or any assets of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary is subject, provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (ll) (v) Encumbrances arising from the right of distress enjoyed by landlords outside of the Province of Qu bec to secure the payment and performance of obligations in respect of leased properties in such provinces or an Encumbrance granted by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party to a landlord to secure the payment and performance of obligations in respect of leased properties in the Province of Qu bec leased from such landlord, provided that such Encumbrances are limited to the assets located at or about such leased properties; (mm) (w) any and all Encumbrances or title defects that do not materially and adversely interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of a Loan Party or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party, if customarily insurable at reasonable cost, and that may be insured against pursuant to one or more title insurance policies available from locally recognized insurance companies; (nn) (x) Encumbrances in favour of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of Law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; (oo) (y) Encumbrances in favour of a financial depositary institution arising (i) as a matter of law or (ii) to the extent that no funds are subject to a present and enforceable claim thereunder, under account establishment or maintenance agreements entered into the ordinary course of business, in each case, encumbering deposits (including the right of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry; (pp) (z) other Encumbrances expressly consented to in writing by the Majority Lenders; (qq) (aa) Encumbrances (which may rank pari passu with the Encumbrances created by the Security Documents) securing Debt described in paragraph (o) of the defined term Permitted Debt contained in Section 1.01; (rr) (bb) Encumbrances not otherwise permitted above securing obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed U.S. 120,000,000 at any time; and (ss) (cc) any extension, renewal or replacement of any of the foregoing. Permitted Exceptions means, as to any Asset of a Loan Party that would otherwise be required to constitute Collateral, in each case as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent (after consultation with Open Text), that such Asset shall not be required to constitute Collateral if (a) the costs of obtaining or granting of such security interest or other applicable Encumbrance at Law are excessive in relation to the value of 

- 39 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 the security to be afforded thereby, (b) material adverse tax consequences would result from the grant of such security interest or other applicable Encumbrance at Law therein (including that no grant of any security interest is made of the Equity Securities of any non-U.S. entity treated as a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Code to the extent the Equity Securities of such non-U.S. entity are held by a U.S. entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes), or (c) the granting of any Encumbrance or security interest in such Asset would constitute or result in the abandonment, invalidation, unenforceability of, or result in any breach, termination or default under, in each case, any Loan Party s interest in such Asset, or any agreements relating to any Loan Party s interest therein, as applicable after application of the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable Law that has the effect of invalidating anti-assignment provisions in contracts and applicable Laws; provided, that if the foregoing provisions of clause (c) are applicable, such Asset and the proceeds of such Asset shall be subject to a trust if not prohibited by Law or by the terms of such Asset in favour of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders (which trust, for clarification, prior to the security interest which would otherwise be granted in or made with respect to such Asset becoming enforceable, shall not prohibit or limit a Loan Party s use and dealing with such Asset and proceeds except to the extent provided for herein); and, provided further that, for clarification, if any leasehold interest of any Loan Party shall constitute Collateral, the security therein shall not be registered against the related real property and the Loan Parties shall not be required to arrange or deliver title insurance or title opinions, surveys or other ancillaries relating thereto. Permitted Investments means: (tt) (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the Government of Canada or of any Canadian province (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the Government of Canada or of such Canadian province), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; (uu) (b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and rated, at such date of acquisition, at least Prime 1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or A (or the then equivalent grade) by S P or R-1 Low (or the then equivalent) by DBRS; (vv) (c) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances, commercial paper and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of Canada or of any Canadian province having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating on its long-term unsecured debt of at least A- by S (ww) (d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; - 40 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (xx) (e) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the Government of the United States of America or any U.S. State or territory (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the Government of the United States of America) or, in the case of any Subsidiary located outside of the United States and Canada, by any member state of the European Union, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; (yy) (f) investments in time deposit accounts, term deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, money-market deposits, bankers acceptances and obligations maturing not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any bank or trust company which is organized under the laws of any member state of the European Union, and which bank or trust company has, or the obligations of which bank or trust company are guaranteed by a bank or trust company which has, capital, surplus and undivided profits in excess of U.S. 500,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in Euros or Sterling) and has outstanding debt which is rated A (or such similar equivalent rating) or higher by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Rule 436 under the Securities Act) or by DBRS; and (zz) (g) other investments to the extent permitted under the investment policy of Open Text, which investments shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and not objected to by the Majority Lenders within five Business Days following notice thereof, in reasonable detail, to the Lenders. Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. Plan means at any time an employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan, but not a Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code and either (i) is maintained by any member of the ERISA Group for employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained by any entity which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any entity which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group, and excludes any Canadian Benefit Plan. Platform has the meaning specified in Section 14.01(2). Pledged Account Bank has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(15)(c)(i). Pledged Deposit Account means each deposit account as to which a U.S. Grantor has complied with the requirements of Section 7.01(15)(c) of this Agreement. Pounds Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. PPSA means the Personal Property Security Act (Ontario) and the regulations thereunder, as from time to time in effect, provided, however, if attachment, perfection or priority of the Administrative Agent s or the Collateral Agent s security interests in any Collateral are governed by the personal property security laws of any jurisdiction other - 41 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 than Ontario, PPSA shall mean those personal property security laws in such other jurisdiction for the purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for the definitions related to such provisions. Pre-Exchange Currency has the meaning specified in the definition of Exchange Rate herein. Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Prohibited Transaction means any prohibited transaction as defined in Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 406 of ERISA for which neither an individual nor a class exemption has been issued by the United States Department of Labor. PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. Public Information means any information, data or materials regarding any Loan Party that is either (a) publicly available or (b) not material with respect to any Loan Party, any of its subsidiaries or any of its securities for purposes of United States or Canadian federal, state or provincial securities laws. Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 14.01(2). Purchase Money Mortgage means, in respect of any Person, any Encumbrance charging property acquired by such Person, which is granted or assumed by such Person, reserved by the transferor (including, Capital Lease Obligations) or which arises by operation of Law in favour of the transferor concurrently with and for the purpose of the acquisition of such property, in each case where (i) the principal amount secured by such Encumbrance is not in excess of the cost to such Person of the property acquired; and (ii) such Encumbrance extends only to the property acquired. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 20.08. Qualified ECP Guarantor means, at any time, each Guarantor with total assets exceeding U.S. 10,000,000 or that qualifies at such time as an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act and, in each case, can cause another Person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. - 42 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Refinancing Debt means, without duplication, Debt that refunds, refinances, extends or all of the proceeds from which are used to repay (in whole or in part) any Permitted Debt but only to the extent that (a) such Refinancing Debt is subordinated to the Debt hereunder at least to the same extent as the Debt being refunded, refinanced or extended, if at all; (b) the principal amount of such Refinancing Debt has a weighted average life to maturity not less than the weighted average life to maturity of the Debt being refunded, refinanced or extended and is scheduled to mature no earlier than the Debt being refunded, refinanced or extended; (c) such Refinancing Debt is in an aggregate principal amount (or if issued with original issue discount, an aggregate issue price) that is equal to or less than the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount (or, if issued with original issue discount, the aggregate accreted value) of the Debt being refunded, refinanced or extended and the amount of any premium reasonably necessary to accomplish such refinancing, (y) the amount of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and premiums owed, if any, not in excess of pre-existing prepayment provisions on such Debt being refunded, refinanced or extended, and (z) the amount of customary fees, expenses and costs related to the incurrence of such Refinancing Debt; and (d) such Refinancing Debt is incurred by the same Person or (i) if such Debt is of a Loan Party, by another Loan Party or (ii) if such Debt is of a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party, by a Person that is not a Loan Party. Register has the meaning specified in Section 16.01(3). Registered Intellectual Property means any Intellectual Property in respect of which ownership, title, security interests, charges or encumbrances are registered, recorded or noted with any Governmental Authority pursuant to Law. Regulation U means Regulation U or X as promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended from time to time. Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates (to the extent that such Affiliates are directly involved in the transactions pursuant to the Credit Documents) and the directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Release when used as a verb includes release, spill, leak, emit, deposit, discharge, leach, migrate or dispose into the environment and the term Release when used as a noun has a correlative meaning, but does not include any release, spill, leak, emission, deposit, discharge, leach, migration or disposition pursuant to a valid Environmental Permit or in accordance with Environmental Laws. Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Relevant Repayment Date means [ ]October 31, 2024. 

- 43 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Responsible Officer means, with respect to any corporation, the chairman, the president, any vice president, the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer or the chief financial officer, and, in respect of financial or accounting matters, any Financial Officer of such corporation; unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Responsible Officer mean a Responsible Officer of Open Text. Restricted Payment means, with respect to any Person, any payment by such Person (i) of any dividends on any of its Equity Securities, (ii) on account of, or for the purpose of setting apart any property for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of any of its Equity Securities or any warrants, options or rights to acquire any such shares, or the making by such Person of any other distribution in respect of any of its Equity Securities, (iii) of any principal of or interest or premium on or of any amount in respect of a sinking or analogous fund or defeasance fund for any Debt of such Person, (iv) of any principal of or interest or premium on or of any amount in respect of a sinking or analogous fund or defeasance fund for any Debt of such Person to a shareholder of such Person or to an Affiliate of a shareholder of such Person, or (v) of any management, consulting or similar fee or any bonus payment or comparable payment, or by way of gift or other gratuity, to any Affiliate of such Person or to any director or officer thereof (except as permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(8)). For the avoidance of doubt, (x) payments among the Loan Parties and (y) repayments of (1) intercompany Debt owing to any Loan Party, (2) intercompany Debt owing by any Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party to any other Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party, (3) unsecured intercompany Debt payable that is owing to any Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party by any Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party, but that subsequently becomes a Loan Party, or (4) unsecured intercompany Debt that is owing by any Loan Party to any Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party, shall not, together with the interest payable on any such Debt, in any such case, constitute a Restricted Payment, provided that, in the case of the foregoing clauses (3) (upon the obligor Subsidiary becoming a Loan Party) and (4), such Debt shall expressly provide that no payments thereunder shall be made by any Loan Party at any time during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or to the extent that a Default or an Event of Default would result therefrom pursuant to customary subordination arrangements. Revolving Credit Borrowers means Open Text, Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and any Designated Borrowers from time to time. Revolving Credit Borrowing means a group of Advances of a single Type made by the Revolving Credit Lenders, as the case may be, on a single date, and if applicable, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in the definition of Commitment herein. Revolving Credit Facility means, the revolving credit facility made available to each Revolving Credit Borrower in accordance with Article 2 for the purposes specified in Section 2.04. - 44 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Revolving Credit Lender has the meaning specified in the definition of Lenders herein. Revolving Credit Loan means an Advance under the Revolving Credit Facility or the issuance of a Documentary Credit under the Revolving Credit Facility and made by a Revolving Credit Lender for the Account of a Revolving Credit Borrower. S P means Standard and Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. Sale-Leaseback Transaction means, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect arrangement entered into after the Effective Date pursuant to which such Person transfers or causes the transfer of any Assets to another Person and leases such Assets back from such Person as a Capital Lease Obligation. Sanctions has the meaning specified in Section 6.01(26). Second Amendment Effective Date means December 22, 2014. Secured Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 22.01. Securities means: (aaa) (a) a document that is (i) issued in bearer, order or registered form, (ii) of a type commonly dealt in upon securities exchanges or markets or commonly recognized in any area in which it is issued or dealt in as a medium for investment, (iii) one of a class or series or by its terms is divisible into a class or series of documents, and (iv) evidence of a share, participation or other interest in property or in any enterprise or is evidence of an obligation of the issuer and includes an uncertificated security; and (bbb) (b) a share, participation or other interest in a Person; but excludes (ccc) (c) any ULC Shares. Securitization means a public or private offering by a Lender or any of its Affiliates or their respective successors and assigns, of securities which represent an interest in, or which are collateralized, in whole or in part, by the Accommodations. Security has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(1). Security Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(1)(b). Security Documents means the Security and Pledge Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the agreements described in Section 2.12 and any other security granted to the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, including pursuant to - 45 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 7.01(15), as security for the Secured Obligations of any of the Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. Security and Pledge Agreement means the Amended and Restated Security and Pledge Agreement dated as of November 9, 2011, as amended by a First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Amended and Restated Security and Pledge Agreement dated as of December 16, 2013, as supplemented by Security Agreement Supplements January 16, 2014 and July 7, 2016, and as further amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, by the U.S. Grantors party thereto from time to time. SOFR means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding U.S. Government Securities Business Day. SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. SOFR Advances means an Advance that bears interest at a rate based on Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Adjusted Term SOFR, other than, in each case, pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate . SOFR Rate Day has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to Open Text and its Subsidiaries on a particular date, (a) (i) the fair value of the assets (on a going concern basis) of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, exceeds, on a consolidated basis, their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property (on a going concern basis) of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability, on a consolidated basis, of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured in the ordinary course of business, (iii) Open Text and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such liabilities become absolute and matured in the ordinary course of business and (iv) Open Text and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are not engaged in, and are not about to engage in, business contemplated as of such date for which they have unreasonably small capital and (b) (i) the aggregate of the property of Open Text and its - 46 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Subsidiaries is, at a fair valuation, sufficient, or, if disposed of at a fairly conducted sale under legal process, would be sufficient, to enable payment of all their obligations, due and accruing due, (ii) Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are paying their current obligations in the ordinary course of business as they generally became due and (iii) Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are able to meet their obligations as they generally become due. Specified Loan Party has the meaning specified in Section 22.13. Specified Representations means the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Section 6.01(1) (as to organizational incorporation and qualification), Section 6.01(2) (as to corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its applicable obligations under the Credit Documents), Section 6.01(3) (as to absence of conflict with constating documents), Sections 6.01(4) and 6.01(5) (as they relate to due execution, delivery, authorization and enforceability of the Credit Documents), Section 6.01(24) (as to the Solvency of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and on a consolidated basis), Section 6.01(22) (as to margin regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), Section 6.01(23) (as to the Investment Company Act of 1940), Section 6.01(26) (as to OFAC and the USA PATRIOT Act, but only to the extent it would be unlawful for the Lenders to extend any Advance on the date that the relevant Incremental Facility is proposed to be drawn). Subsidiary means, at any time, as to any Person, any corporation, company or other Person, if at such time the first mentioned Person owns, directly or indirectly, securities or other ownership interests in such corporation, company or other Person having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or persons performing similar functions for such corporation, company or other Person. Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 20.08. Swing Line Advance means an Advance made by a Swing Line Lender for the account of a Borrower. Swing Line Commitment means, as to any Swing Line Lender at any time, the obligation of such Lender to make Swing Line Advances, as such may be increased or reduced from time to time. Swing Line Lender means a Lender that has a Swing Line Commitment. Swing Line Lender s Commitment has the meaning specified in the definition of Commitment herein. Synthetic Debt means, with respect to any Person, without duplication of any clause within the definition of Debt , all (i) obligations of such Person under any lease that is treated as an operating lease for financial accounting purposes and a financing lease for tax purposes (i.e., a synthetic lease ), (ii) obligations of such Person in respect of transactions entered into by such Person (other than deposit liabilities), the proceeds from 

- 47 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 which would be reflected on the financial statements of such Person in accordance with GAAP as cash flows from financings at the time such transaction was entered into (other than as a result of equity contributions or the issuance of equity interests) and (iii) obligations of such Person in respect of other transactions entered into by such Person that are not otherwise addressed in the definition of Debt or in clause (i) or (ii) above that are intended to function primarily as a borrowing of funds (including any minority interest transactions that function primarily as a borrowing). Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term B Agreement Agent means Barclays Bank PLC, or its successor in interest, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Term B Credit Agreement. Term B Credit Agreement means the Credit Agreement dated as of January 16, 2014 by and among Open Text, the Subsidiaries of Open Text party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto from time to time, as amended as of June 16, 2016 and as of February 22, 2017, as amended and restated as of May 30, 2018, and as such Credit Agreement may be further amended, supplemented, restated, amended and restated or modified from time to time in accordance with Section 7.02(14). Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Advance or Borrowing, refers to whether such Advance, or the Advances comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR. Term Loan Closing Date has the meaning given to the term Closing Date in the Term B Credit Agreement, which for the avoidance of doubt is May 30, 2018. Term Loans has the meaning specified in the Term B Credit Agreement. Term SOFR means, (a) for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Advance, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first - 48 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Advance on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any ABR Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such ABR Rate SOFR Determination Day. Term SOFR Administrator means the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Term SOFR Advance means an Advance that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR. Term SOFR Reference Rate means the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. Type has the meaning specified in the definition of Accommodation or Advance , as the case may be, herein. UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the jurisdiction of organization of any applicable Loan Party. ULC has the meaning specified in the definition of ULC Shares . ULC Shares means shares or other equity interests issued by an unlimited company or an unlimited liability company or unlimited liability corporation incorporated or otherwise governed by the laws of any of the provinces of Canada (each, a ULC (other than any shares or other equity interests issued by Open Text ULC, an unlimited liability company governed by the laws of Nova Scotia, or any successor thereof which is a ULC). Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unmatured Surviving Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(15)(c). - 49 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Unrestricted Cash means, at any time, cash and Permitted Investments held in accounts on the consolidated balance sheet of Open Text as at such date to the extent that such cash and Permitted Investments would not be required to be classified as restricted in accordance with GAAP (other than related to the Credit Documents (or the Liens created thereunder)). U.S. Dollars and U.S. each mean the lawful money of the United States. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Grantor means Open Text Holdings, Inc. and any other Guarantor organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located within the United States. U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 20.08. Valuation Date means the date of issuance or the date of continuation (if continued beyond the then existing expiration date) of any Documentary Credit. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. Section 1.02 Gender and Number Any reference in the Credit Documents to gender includes all genders, and words importing the singular number only include the plural and vice versa. Section 1.03 Interpretation not Affected by Headings, etc. The provisions of a table of contents, the division of this Agreement into Articles and Sections and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. Section 1.04 Currency All references in the Credit Documents to dollars or , unless otherwise specifically indicated, are expressed in U.S. . Section 1.05 Certain Phrases, etc. In any Credit Document (i) (y) the words including and includes mean including (or includes) without limitation and (z) the phrase the aggregate of , the total of , the sum - 50 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 of , or a phrase of similar meaning means the aggregate (or total or sum), without duplication, of , and (ii) in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, unless otherwise expressly stated, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each mean to (or until) but excluding . Section 1.06 Accounting Terms All accounting terms not specifically defined in this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with GAAP. Section 1.07 Non-Business Days Whenever any payment is stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made (except as herein otherwise expressly provided in respect of any LIBOR Advance) on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be included in the computation of interest or Fees, as the case may be. Section 1.08 Ratable Portion of Accommodations References in this Agreement to a Lender s ratable portion of Advances or ratable share of payments of principal, interest, Fees or any other amount, shall mean and refer to a ratable portion or share as nearly as may be ratable in the circumstances, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent. Each such determination by the Administrative Agent shall be prima facie evidence of such ratable share. Section 1.09 Incorporation of Schedules The schedules attached to this Agreement shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, form an integral part of it. Section 1.10 Control of Equity Securities Any reference to control when used in the Credit Documents in reference to Equity Securities constituting Collateral shall be interpreted by reference to the Securities Transfer Act (Ontario), the UCC or other relevant Law in effect in the jurisdiction governing the perfection of a security interest in such Collateral. Section 1.11 Effectiveness of Amendment and Restatement This Agreement and the other Credit Documents, shall, except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, supersede the Existing Credit Agreement and all other agreements between the parties with respect to the Advances and Documentary Credits outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement as of the Effective Date. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree, however, that (a) this Agreement and all other Credit Documents executed and delivered herewith do not constitute a novation or termination of the obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents as in effect prior to the Effective Date, (b) such obligations are in all respects continuing with only the terms being modified as provided in this Agreement and the 

- 51 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 other Credit Documents, (c) the security interests and other Encumbrances created under the Security Documents prior to the date hereof in favour of the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) or Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent (under the Existing Credit Agreement) for the benefit of the Secured Parties (as defined in the Security Documents) securing payment of such obligations are in all respects continuing in full force and effect, and (d) all references in the other Credit Documents (i) to the Existing Credit Agreement or Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer without further amendment to this Agreement, (ii) to the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to refer without further amendment to the Administrative Agent as defined in this Agreement, (iii) to the Lenders or a Lender shall be deemed to refer without further amendment to the Lenders as defined in this Agreement, and (iv) to the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to refer without further amendment to the Collateral Agent as defined in this Agreement. Section 1.12 Quebec Interpretation Clause For purposes of any property located in the Province of Quebec or charged by any deed of hypothec (or any other Credit Document governed by the laws of the Province of Quebec) and for all other purposes pursuant to which the interpretation or construction of a Credit Document may be subject to the laws of the Province of Quebec or a court or tribunal exercising jurisdiction in the Province of Quebec, (a) personal property shall be deemed to include movable property , (b) real property shall be deemed to include immovable property , (c) tangible property shall be deemed to include corporeal property , (d) intangible property shall be deemed to include incorporeal property , (e) security interest , mortgage and lien shall be deemed to include a hypothec , prior claim and a resolutory clause, (f) all references to filing, registering or recording under the UCC or the PPSA shall be deemed to include publication under the Civil Code of Qu bec, (g) all references to perfection of or perfected Liens shall be deemed to include a reference to an opposable or set up Lien as against third parties, (h) any right of offset , right of setoff or similar expression shall be deemed to include a right of compensation , (i) goods shall be deemed to include corporeal movable property other than chattel paper, documents of title, instruments, money and securities, (j) an agent shall be deemed to include a mandatary, (k) construction liens shall be deemed to include legal hypothecs , (l) joint and several shall be deemed to include solidary and jointly and severally shall be deemed to include solidarily (m) gross negligence or willful misconduct shall be deemed to be intentional or gross fault , (n) beneficial ownership shall be deemed to include ownership , (o) easement shall be deemed to include servitude , (p) priority shall be deemed to include rank or prior claim , as applicable (q) survey shall be deemed to include certificate of location and plan , (r) fee simple title shall be deemed to include absolute ownership , (s) leasehold interest shall be deemed to include rights resulting from a lease , and (t) lease shall be deemed to include a contract of leasing (cr dit-bail) . Section 1.13 Rates The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to ABR Rate, any Term Benchmark or any component definition thereof - 52 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, ABR Rate, any Term Benchmark or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of ABR Rate, any Term Benchmark, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner that may be adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain ABR Rate, any Term Benchmark or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. ARTICLE 2 CREDIT FACILITY Section 2.01 Availability (1) Each Revolving Credit Lender individually, and not jointly and severally, agrees, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to make Accommodations ratably to each Revolving Credit Borrower in accordance with such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment. The Swing Line Lender individually, and not jointly and severally, agrees, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to make Swing Line Advances ratably to each Revolving Credit Borrower in accordance with such Lender s Swing Line Commitment. Upon the making of any Swing Line Advance by any Swing Line Lender, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably agrees to, purchase from such Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Advance in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Credit Lender s ratable share of the Revolving Credit Facility times the principal amount of such Swing Line Advance. Each Documentary Credit Lender individually, and not jointly and severally, agrees, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to issue Documentary Credits for the account of each Revolving Credit Borrower in accordance with such Lender s Documentary Credit Commitment under the Revolving Credit Facility. (2) Accommodations under (i) the Revolving Credit Facility shall be made available as ABR Advances, LIBORSOFR Advances and Documentary Credits and (ii) the Swing Line Commitment shall be made available as ABR Advances on the terms set forth herein. (3) The failure of any Lender to make an Accommodation shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, in connection with any such Accommodation, but no Lender is responsible for any other Lender s failure in respect of such Accommodation. - 53 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (4) The Borrowers shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time prior to the maturity of the Revolving Credit Facility, to increase the Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility or create a new tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) U.S. 750,000,000 plus (a) additional amounts so long as, in the case of this clause (ii), the Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio (determined on a pro forma basis (A) giving effect to the incurrence of such Debt and any Debt which would constitute Consolidated Net Debt for Borrowed Money that has been incurred, prepaid or repaid since the end of the most recent Measurement Period for which financial statements are available (assuming such Commitments are fully drawn but excluding any proceeds thereof from Unrestricted Cash) and (B) excluding, in the calculation of such Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio, any Debt concurrently incurred under the foregoing clause (i) from Consolidated Net Debt for Borrowed Money) would not exceed 2.75:1.00 (each, an Incremental Facility , and the advances thereunder, Incremental Advances provided that, the Borrowers, in their sole discretion, may reclassify any Debt incurred under the foregoing clause (i) as having been incurred under the foregoing clause (ii) subject to compliance, at the time of such reclassification, with the requirements of such clause (ii); provided further that: (b) (a) No Event of Default exists or would exist after giving effect thereto (except in the case of an Incremental Facility used to finance a Permitted Acquisition, in which circumstances, no Default or Event of Default under Section 8.01(1)(a), Section 8.01(1)(b) or Section 8.01(1)(l) exists or would exist after giving effect thereto) and all applicable representations and warranties pursuant to Article 6 shall be true and correct in all material respects on the date of the funding thereof (except in the case of an Incremental Facility used to finance a Permitted Acquisition, in which circumstances, the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects); (c) (b) Open Text will be in compliance on a pro forma basis with the financial covenant in Section 7.03 after giving effect to such Incremental Facility (assuming the Commitments thereunder are fully drawn); (d) (c) Commitments made by way of an increase to the Revolving Credit Commitment shall be on terms (including currency and Effective Yield) and conditions identical to those applicable to the then-existing Revolving Credit Facility; (e) (d) In regard to Advances and Commitments made by way of a new tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments, the Effective Yield for any Incremental Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders of such Incremental Facility; provided that in the event that the Effective Yield applicable to any Incremental Facility incurred during the first 18 months following the Effective Date is greater than the Effective Yield for the Revolving Credit Facility, then the Effective Yield for the Revolving Credit Facility shall be increased to the extent necessary so that the Effective Yield for such Incremental Facility is not more than 50 basis points higher than the Effective Yield for the Revolving Credit Facility unless the Applicable Margins for the Revolving Credit Facility are increased by an amount equal to the difference between the Effective Yield for such Incremental Facility and the corresponding Effective Yield for the Revolving Credit Facility minus 50 basis points; - 54 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (f) (e) Such increased amounts will be provided by the existing Lenders or new financial institutions that become Lenders under the Incremental Facility (such new financial institutions to be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and, if Swing Line Advances will be made or Documentary Credits will be issued under the Facility to which such Lender will be a party (including any Lender who is party to an increase in the Revolving Credit Facility), the Swing Line Lender and the Documentary Credit Lender), provided that no existing Lender will be obligated to provide any such Incremental Facility; (g) (f) The Advances and Commitments under any Incremental Facility will not in any event have a maturity date that is earlier than the Relevant Repayment Date of the then existing Revolving Credit Facility; provided that Advances and Commitments made by way of a new tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments shall be on terms and conditions otherwise substantially similar to those applicable to the then-existing Revolving Credit Facility and, to the extent not so substantially similar with the then-existing Revolving Credit Facility, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and (h) (g) Upon the implementation of any Incremental Facility by way of an increase to the Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility pursuant to this Section 2.01(4), (i) each Revolving Credit Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each Revolving Credit Lender providing a portion of such Incremental Facility (each a Commitment Increase Lender in respect of such increase, and each such Commitment Increase Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed a portion of such Revolving Credit Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding Documentary Credits and Swing Line Advances such that, after giving effect to each such deemed assignment and assumption of participations, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding (A) participations hereunder in Documentary Credits and (B) participations hereunder in Swing Line Advances held by each Revolving Credit Lender (including each such Commitment Increase Lender) will equal the percentage of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment of all Lenders represented by such Revolving Credit Lender s Incremental Commitment and (ii) if, on the date of such increase, there are any Advances outstanding, such Advances shall on or prior to the effectiveness of such Incremental Facility be prepaid from the proceeds of additional Incremental Advances made hereunder (reflecting such Incremental Facility), which prepayment shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the Advances being prepaid and any costs incurred by any Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with Section 2.15. The Administrative Agent and the Revolving Credit Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. (i) (h) At no time shall there be more than three separate tranches of revolving facilities hereunder (including Incremental Facilities). (j) (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received such other corporate authorizations, opinions, or documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 

- 55 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (5) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if there are any Material Owned Real Properties subject to a Debenture (any such property, a Mortgaged Property ), any increase or extension (including a renewal) of any of the Commitments or Loans (including the provision of Incremental Advances or any other incremental credit facilities hereunder, but excluding (i) any continuation or conversion of borrowings, (ii) the making of any Revolving Credit Loans or (iii) the issuance, renewal or extension of Documentary Credits) shall be subject to (and conditioned upon) receipt by the Administrative Agent of a completed Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to each Mortgaged Property (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the applicable Loan Party relating thereto). Section 2.02 Commitments and Facility Limits (1) The Accommodations Outstanding: (a) owing to all Revolving Credit Lenders shall not at any time exceed the Revolving Credit Commitment, and owing to each Revolving Credit Lender shall not at any time exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment; (b) owing to any Swing Line Lender shall not, at any time, exceed the Swing Line Commitment of such Swing Line Lender; and (c) owing to all Documentary Credit Lenders shall not, at any time, exceed the Documentary Credit Commitment and owing to each Documentary Credit Lender shall not, at any time, exceed such Lender s Documentary Credit Commitment. (2) The Revolving Credit Facility shall revolve and, except as otherwise provided herein, no payment under the Revolving Credit Facility shall reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments. Swing Line Advances shall be available on a revolving basis and, except as otherwise provided herein, no payment of Swing Line Advances shall reduce the Swing Line Commitment. (3) A conversion from one Type of Accommodation to another Type of Accommodation shall not constitute a repayment or prepayment. Section 2.03 Designated Borrowers (1) The Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 12 (effective as of the Effective Date), Open Text and such other Subsidiaries of Open Text as may be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility or Incremental Facilities (subject to the provisions of this Section 2.03), shall be Designated Borrowers hereunder and may receive Advances for their respective accounts on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. (2) Open Text may at any time, upon not less than 15 Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), designate itself and any additional Subsidiary (an Applicant Borrower to receive Accommodations under the Revolving Credit Facility by delivering to the Administrative - 56 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Agent (which shall promptly deliver counterparts thereof to each Lender) a duly executed notice and agreement in substantially the form of Schedule 10 (a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement ). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any Applicant Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the Revolving Credit Facility provided for herein, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under Revolving Credit Facility shall have received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information (including all such documents or information required to comply with the Patriot Act), in each case consistent with the documents and information that was required to be delivered hereunder with respect to the new Borrowers on the Second Amendment Effective Date (but with such differences as may be appropriate in light of applicable local law), and promissory notes signed by such new Borrowers to the extent any Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility so require. If the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Credit Lenders agree that an Applicant Borrower shall be entitled to receive Accommodations hereunder, then promptly following receipt of all such requested resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially the form of Schedule 11 (a Designated Borrower Notice to Open Text and the Revolving Credit Lenders specifying the effective date upon which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a Designated Borrower for purposes hereof, whereupon each of such Lenders agrees to permit such Designated Borrower to receive Accommodations hereunder under the Revolving Credit Facility, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each of the parties agrees that such Designated Borrower otherwise shall be a Revolving Credit Borrower for all purposes of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent and each Revolving Credit Lender shall act reasonably in determining whether to grant any designation request by Open Text with respect to an Applicant Borrower under this Section 2.03(2) and, in the event that the Administrative Agent or any Revolving Credit Lender, acting reasonably, does not agree that such Applicant Borrower shall be entitled to receive Accommodations hereunder, then such Applicant Borrower shall not be a Designated Borrower and may not receive Accommodations hereunder. (3) Each Subsidiary that is or becomes a Designated Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.03 hereby irrevocably appoints Open Text as its agent for all purposes relevant to this Agreement and each of the other Credit Documents, including (i) the giving and receipt of notices (including delivery of any Borrowing Notice to the Administrative Agent) and (ii) the execution and delivery of all documents, instruments and certificates contemplated herein and all modifications hereto. Any notice, demand, consent, acknowledgment, direction, certification or other communication delivered to Open Text in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered to each Designated Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary that becomes a Designated Borrower after the Effective Date pursuant to this Section 2.03 may not deliver a Borrowing Notice to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall only accept Borrowing Notices delivered to it by Open Text on behalf of any such Designated Borrower. (4) Open Text may from time to time, upon not less than 15 Business Days notice from Open Text to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), terminate a Designated Borrower s status as such, provided that there are no outstanding Accommodations payable by such Designated Borrower, - 57 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 or other amounts payable by such Designated Borrower on account of any Accommodations made to it, in each case, as of the effective date of such termination, unless, in the case of any outstanding Documentary Credits, on or prior to such effective date of termination, the applicable Designated Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of each applicable Lender an amount in same day funds equal to the sum of the amount to be drawn or which may be drawn, as the case may be, by any Beneficiary in the currency in which any Documentary Credit issued by such Lender for the account of such Borrower is payable, to be held as cash collateral in respect of Designated Borrower s obligations for such Documentary Credits; provided that the Administrative Agent may apply any or all of such cash and cash collateral to the payment of any or all of such Designated Borrower s obligations in respect of such Documentary Credits as such obligations become due and, pending such application, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) invest the same in an interest bearing account in the Administrative Agent s name, for the ratable benefit of itself and the applicable Lenders, at such bank or financial institution as the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, select; provided further, that if such Designated Borrower is also a Guarantor, such termination will not affect such Designated Borrower s obligations as a Guarantor under the Guarantee. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such termination of a Designated Borrower s status. Section 2.04 Use of Proceeds (1) The Revolving Credit Borrowers shall use the proceeds of any Accommodations under the Revolving Credit Facility to fund working capital and general corporate purposes (including Capital Expenditures, Permitted Acquisitions and Permitted Investments) on a fully revolving basis. (2) No Swing Line Advances shall be used for the purpose of funding the repayment of principal of any other Swing Line Advance. Section 2.05 Mandatory Repayments and Reductions of Commitments (1) Each Revolving Credit Borrower shall repay (subject to Section 8.01) the Accommodations Outstanding made to such Borrower under the Revolving Credit Facility together with all interest, fees and other amounts owing in connection therewith on the Relevant Repayment Date and the Revolving Credit Commitments shall terminate on the Relevant Repayment Date. (2) Each Revolving Credit Borrower shall repay (subject to Section 8.01), with notice to the Administrative Agent of such repayment, each Swing Line Advance made to such Borrower upon the earlier of the seventh day following the making of such Advance and the Relevant Repayment Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility. The Swing Line Commitment shall be permanently reduced from time to time on the date of each reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility by the amount, if any, by which the amount of the Swing Line Commitment exceeds the Revolving Credit Commitments after giving effect to any such reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility. - 58 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (3) On the date of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.06(2), the Revolving Credit Commitments of each Lender so prepaid shall be reduced to zero. Section 2.06 Mandatory Prepayments (1) If, as of the last day of each month or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, on any day, the Accommodations Outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility exceed 100 of the applicable Revolving Credit Commitment by reason of exchange rate fluctuations or otherwise, the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower or Revolving Credit Borrowers shall, on the first Business Day following such day, repay ABR Advances or LIBORSOFR Advances in the manner set forth in Section 2.07 (but without regard to the minimum amounts specified therein), as the case may be, such that the Accommodations Outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, after giving effect thereto, do not exceed the Commitment thereunder. (2) The Borrowers shall be required to offer to prepay all Accommodations Outstanding upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, which offer shall be at 100 of the principal amount of the Accommodations Outstanding, plus, in each case, any accrued and unpaid interest, such prepayment to be applied in accordance with Sections 2.09 and 2.10. Any Lender accepting such offer shall be prepaid in full; provided that if the Majority Lenders shall have accepted such offer, then all Lenders shall be deemed to have accepted such offer and the Borrowers shall prepay all outstanding amounts under the Facilities (including the principal amount of all Accommodations Outstanding plus any accrued and unpaid interest and fees but excluding any Documentary Credit obligations, which have been cash collateralized at the time of any such prepayment in accordance with Section 2.13), with such prepayments to be applied in accordance with Sections 2.09 and 2.10. Section 2.07 Optional Prepayments and Reductions of Commitments The Borrowers may, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, prepay Accommodations Outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, and reduce the Commitments (upon three Business Days prior notice), at any time without premium or penalty. Section 2.08 Fees (1) The Revolving Credit Borrowers, in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders, commencing on the Effective Date to but excluding the latest Relevant Repayment Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, a Facility Fee (as set forth in Schedule 6) calculated on the undrawn amount of Revolving Credit Commitments at such time; provided that, for purpose of calculations under this Section 2.08(1), Swing Line Advances shall not be considered usage. All Facility Fees will be payable in arrears at the end of each Financial Quarter and upon any termination of any Revolving Credit Commitment, in each case for the actual number of days elapsed over a 365 or 366 day year, as the case may be. 

- 59 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (2) Open Text shall pay an annual administrative fee to the Administrative Agent in an amount as agreed to by Open Text and the Administrative Agent. Section 2.09 Payments under this Agreement (1) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the applicable Borrower shall make any payment required to be made by it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by depositing the amount of the payment in the relevant currency to the relevant Borrower s Account not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the date the payment is due. The applicable Borrower shall make each such payment (i) in U.S. Dollars; and (ii) except as specifically otherwise provided, in the Equivalent U.S. Amount, if the Accommodation was originally made in any other currency. In respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Administrative Agent shall distribute to each applicable Lender, promptly on the date of receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment, an amount equal to the amount then due each such Lender. (2) Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall make Accommodations under the Revolving Credit Facility and other payments to the applicable Borrower under this Agreement by crediting the applicable Borrower s Account (or causing the applicable Borrower s Account to be credited) with, or by wire transferring to such account(s) as may be directed by the applicable Borrower, the amount of the payment not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date the payment is to be made. (3) Each Swing Line Lender shall make Swing Line Advances to the applicable Borrower by crediting the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower s Account with the amount of such Swing Line Advance not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date such Swing Line Advance is to be made. (4) Each Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender, if and to the extent any payment owed to such Lender by such Borrower is not made to the Administrative Agent when due, to charge from time to time any amount due against any or all of such Borrower s accounts with such Lender upon notice to such Borrower. Section 2.10 Application of Payments and Prepayments (1) All amounts received by the Administrative Agent from or on behalf of a Borrower and not previously applied pursuant to this Agreement shall be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows (i) first, in reduction of such Borrower s obligation to pay any unpaid interest and any Fees which are due and owing; (ii) second, in reduction of such Borrower s obligation to pay any claims or losses referred to in Section 15.01; (iii) third, in reduction of such Borrower s obligation to pay any amounts due and owing on account of any unpaid principal amount of Advances and Obligations arising under Eligible Cash Management Agreements and Eligible Hedging Agreements, in each case, which are due and owing; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising under Eligible Cash Management Agreements and Eligible Hedging Agreements shall be excluded from any such application if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the - 60 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Lender, as the case may be; (iv) fourth, in reduction of such Borrower s obligation to pay any other unpaid Accommodations Outstanding which are due and owing; (v) fifth, in reduction of any other obligation of such Borrower under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents; and (vi) sixth, to Cash Collateralize the then Accommodations Outstanding in respect of all Documentary Credits made to such Borrower; and (vii) seventh, to such Borrower or such other Persons as may lawfully be entitled to or directed by such Borrower to receive the remainder. Section 2.11 Computations of Interest and Fees (1) All computations of interest shall be made by the Administrative Agent taking into account the actual number of days occurring in the period for which such interest is payable pursuant to Section 3.05, and (i) if based on the ABR Rate, a year of 365 days or 366 days, as the case may be; or (ii) if based on the EurodollarTerm SOFR Reference Rate, on the basis of a year of 360 days. (2) All computations of Fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, taking into account the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such fees are payable. (3) For purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever any interest or Fee under this Agreement is calculated using a rate based on a number of days less than a full year, such rate determined pursuant to such calculation, when expressed as an annual rate, is equivalent to (x) the applicable rate, (y) multiplied by the actual number of days in the calendar year in which the period for which such interest or fee is payable (or compounded) ends, and (z) divided by the number of days comprising such calculation basis; (ii) the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest does not apply to any interest calculation under this Agreement; and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated in this Agreement are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields. (4) If any provision of this Agreement or of any of the other Credit Documents would obligate a Loan Party to make any payment of interest or other amount payable to any Lender in an amount or calculated at a rate which would be prohibited by Law or would result in a receipt by such Lender of interest at a criminal rate (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)) then, notwithstanding such provisions, such amount or rate shall be deemed to have been adjusted with retroactive effect to the maximum amount or rate of interest, as the case may be, as would not be so prohibited by Law or so result in a receipt by such Lender of interest at a criminal rate, such adjustment to be effected, to the extent necessary, as follows: (1) firstly, by reducing the amount or rate of interest required to be paid to such Lender under the applicable Credit Document, and (2) thereafter, by reducing any fees, commissions, premiums and other amounts required to be paid to such Lender which would constitute interest for purposes of Section 347 of the Criminal Code (Canada). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and after giving effect to all adjustments contemplated thereby, if a Lender shall have received an amount in excess of the maximum permitted by that section of the Criminal Code (Canada), the Loan Party paying the amount shall be entitled, by notice in writing to such Lender, to obtain reimbursement - 61 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 from such Lender in an amount equal to such excess and, pending such reimbursement, such amount shall be deemed to be an amount payable by such Lender to any Borrower or Guarantor. Any amount or rate of interest referred to in this Section 2.11(4) shall be determined in accordance with generally accepted actuarial practices and principles and, in the event of a dispute, a certificate of a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries appointed by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive for the purposes of such determination. (5) Each of the Loan Parties confirms that it fully understands and is able to calculate the rate of interest applicable to each of the Facilities based on the methodology for calculating per annum rates provided for in this Section 2.11. The relevant Administrative Agent agrees that if requested in writing by the Borrowers it shall calculate the nominal and effective per annum rate of interest on any Accommodations Outstanding at any time and provide such information to the Borrowers promptly following such request; provided that any error in any such calculation, or any failure to provide such information on request, shall not relieve the Borrowers or any other Loan Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, nor result in any liability to the Administrative Agent or any Lender. Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably agrees not to plead or assert, whether by way of defence or otherwise, in any proceeding relating to the Credit Documents, that the interest payable under the Credit Documents and the calculations thereof has not been adequately disclosed to the Loan Parties, whether pursuant to section 4 of the Interest Act (Canada) or any other applicable law or legal principle Section 2.12 Security (1) In each case, subject to Permitted Exceptions, by the applicable dates specified below, the Borrowers shall provide, or cause to be provided by the Guarantors, in each case, to the Administrative Agent, for and on behalf of the Lenders, as continuing collateral security for the present and future indebtedness and liability of the Borrowers and the obligations of the Guarantors under the Guarantees, respectively, to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, the following security (the Security ), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, together with any relevant reasonably required power of attorney, registrations, filings and other supporting documentation deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent or its counsel to perfect the same or otherwise in respect thereof: (a) a Guarantee, which guarantees shall be reaffirmed as of the Effective Date pursuant to Section 23.01; (b) general security agreements (which, for greater certainty, shall not include a hypothec with respect to moveable property located in the Province of Qu bec) dated as of the Original Closing Date or thereafter if such Person became a Loan Party thereafter, and reaffirmed as of the Effective Date pursuant to Section 23.01, constituting a security interest in all personal property (or moveable property, as applicable) and assets of the Loan Parties (including all contract rights, inventory, accounts, general intangibles, Equity Securities, deposit accounts, trademarks, trade names, other intellectual property, equipment and proceeds of the foregoing), which security interest shall be of first priority, subject, if and to the extent applicable, to any - 62 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Permitted Encumbrances (each being a Security Agreement ), and subject to the grace periods specified in each Security Agreement and in connection with deposit accounts, Section 7.01(15)(c), with respect to items of Collateral that cannot be perfected by the filing of a PPSA or UCC financing statement; and (c) within 60 days following the acquisition of any Material Owned Real Property, debentures, mortgages, deeds of trust or deeds to secure debt (or immoveable hypothec, as applicable) constituting a charge on such real property (or immoveable property, as applicable) of the Loan Parties (as determined by the Administrative Agent), which charge shall be a first ranking and exclusive charge, subject, if and to the extent applicable, to any Permitted Encumbrances (each being a Debenture ). (2) Subject to Permitted Exceptions, Open Text will from time to time at its expense duly authorize, execute and deliver (or cause the applicable Loan Party to authorize, execute and deliver) to the Administrative Agent such further instruments and documents and take such further action as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request for the purpose of obtaining or preserving the full benefits granted or intended to be granted to the Administrative Agent, or any Lender or the Collateral Agent by the Credit Documents and of the rights and remedies therein granted to the Administrative Agent, or any Lender or the Collateral Agent, including the filing of financing statements or other documents under any Law with respect to the Encumbrances created thereby. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Credit Documents have been prepared on the basis of Law in effect on the Effective Date, and that changes to Law may require the execution and delivery of different forms of documentation, and accordingly the Administrative Agent shall have the right (acting reasonably) to require that the Credit Documents be amended, supplemented or replaced (and Open Text shall, or shall cause the applicable Loan Party to duly authorize, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent any such amendment, supplement or replacement reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent with respect to any of the Credit Documents) within 30 days of written request therefor (i) to reflect any change in Law, whether arising as a result of statutory amendments, court decisions or otherwise; (ii) to facilitate the creation and registration of appropriate forms of security in applicable jurisdictions; or (iii) to confer upon the Administrative Agent Encumbrances similar to the Encumbrances created or intended to be created by the Credit Documents. Without limiting the generality of this Section 2.12(2), the Loan Parties agree that if any such actions shall be required under applicable law as a result of the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement into the form of this Agreement on the Effective Date, they shall promptly, or shall cause the applicable Loan Party to promptly, duly authorize, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent any such amendment, supplement or replacement reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent with respect to any of the Credit Documents. (3) With respect to each Mortgaged Property that is located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under Flood Insurance Laws, the applicable Loan Party (A) will maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, such flood insurance in such total amount as the Administrative Agent and Lenders may from time to time reasonably require to the extent customarily maintained by similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations, and otherwise sufficient to comply 

- 63 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws and (B) promptly upon request of the Administrative Agent on behalf of any Lender, will deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and such Lender, including evidence of annual renewals of such insurance. (4) (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.12(1)(d) (including the time period set forth therein) or this Agreement to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not enter into any Debenture in respect of any Material Owned Real Property acquired by any Borrower or any other Loan Party after the Closing Date until the Administrative Agent shall have received written confirmation from the Lenders that flood insurance due diligence and flood insurance compliance has been completed by the Lenders (such written confirmation not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed). If the Lenders have not informed the Administrative Agent and Open Text of any outstanding flood diligence requirements by the date that is forty (45) days after the date on which the Administrative Agent made available to the Lenders (which may be delivered electronically) the following documents in respect of such real property (which documents shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders promptly after receipt thereof): (i) a completed flood hazard determination from a third party vendor; (ii) if such Material Owned Real Property is located in a special flood hazard area, (A) a notification to the applicable Loan Party of that fact and (if applicable) notification to the applicable Loan Party flood insurance coverage is not available and (B) evidence of the receipt by the applicable Loan Party of such notice; and (iii) if such notice is required to be provided to the applicable Loan Party and flood insurance is available in the community in which such Material Owned Real Property is located, evidence of required flood insurance with respect to any such Mortgage, the Lenders will be deemed to have completed their flood insurance due diligence and flood insurance compliance and to have consented to such Debenture. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.12 or this Agreement, in respect of any Material Owned Real Property subject to Section 2.12(1)(d), the time period set forth in Section 2.12(1)(d) for delivery of any related Debenture shall be automatically extended to the date on which the Administrative Agent is permitted under this Section 2.12(4)(a) to enter into such Debenture. (b) Open Text shall provide the Administrative Agent with a completed Life-of- Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination with respect to each Mortgaged Property (together with a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the applicable Loan Party relating thereto) to the extent such flood-related documentation is required for compliance with applicable Law. Section 2.13 Cash Collateral (1) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Documentary Credit Lender, if, as of the Relevant Repayment Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, any Documentary Credit obligation for any reason remains outstanding, the Borrowers shall, in each case, immediately Cash Collateralize the then Accommodations Outstanding of all Documentary Credit obligations. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, immediately upon the - 64 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 request of the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender or the Documentary Credit Lender, the Borrowers shall deliver to the Administrative Agent Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to cover 105 of all Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.14 and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). (2) All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at the Administrative Agent. The Borrowers, and to the extent provided by any Lender, such Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Documentary Credit Lender and the Lenders (including the Swing Line Lender), and agrees to create and agrees that the Administrative Agent may maintain, a first priority security interest (other than an Encumbrance of the type described in (i) clause (a) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances arising solely by operation of law and for which payment is not yet due or (ii) clause (y) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to this Section 2.13. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent as herein provided (other than an Encumbrance of the type described in (i) clause (a) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances arising solely by operation of law and for which payment is not yet due or (ii) clause (y) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the applicable Fronting Exposure and other obligations secured thereby, the applicable Borrower or the relevant Defaulting Lender will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. (3) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided hereunder in respect of Documentary Credits or Swing Line Advances shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific Documentary Credit obligations or Swing Line Advances, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may be provided for herein. (4) Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 16.01(2)(f))) or (ii) the Administrative Agent s good faith determination that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided, however, that (x) Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party shall not be released during the continuance of a Default under Section 8.01(a), (b), (k) or (l) or an Event of Default (and following application as provided in this Section 2.13 may be otherwise applied in accordance with the terms hereof), and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the Documentary Credit Lender or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. - 65 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 2.14 Defaulting Lenders (1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: (a) That Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 17.01(5). (b) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.01), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Documentary Credit Lender or Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, if so reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent or reasonably requested by the Documentary Credit Lender or Swing Line Lender, to be held as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Documentary Credit or Swing Line Loan; fourth, as the Borrowers may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Borrowing in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Borrowings under this Agreement and to Cash Collateralize future Funding Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Documentary Credit Lender or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Documentary Credit Lender or Swing Line Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrowers against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advances or Documentary Credit Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Borrowings or Documentary Credit Borrowings were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Article 5 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Borrowings of, and Documentary Credit Borrowings owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Borrowings of, or Documentary Credit Borrowings owed to, that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. - 66 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (c) That Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any fee hereunder for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the applicable Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to the Defaulting Lenders). (d) During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Documentary Credits or Swing Line Advances pursuant to Section 3.06, the ratable share of each non-Defaulting Lender shall be computed without giving effect to the Commitment of that Defaulting Lender; provided, that: (i) each such reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, no Default or Event of Default exists and the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date, all as though made on and as of such date except any representation and warranty which is stated to be made as of a certain date (and then as of such date); and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Documentary Credits and Swing Line Advances shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Revolving Credit Commitment of that non-Defaulting Lender minus (2) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Credit Advances of that Lender. If the amount of the obligation of a non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Documentary Credits and Swing Line Advances is reallocated pursuant to this clause (d), then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.08(1), Section 4.09(1) and Section 4.09(2) shall be adjusted in accordance such non-Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage. (2) If the applicable Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the Documentary Credit Lender agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Revolving Credit Borrowings of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably determine to be necessary to cause the Borrowings and funded and unfunded participations in Documentary Credits and Swing Line Advances to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their ratable shares (without giving effect to Section 2.14(1)), whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that, no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. Section 2.15 Benchmark Replacement Setting (1) Benchmark Replacement. 

- 67 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, then (A) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document and (B) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Credit Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Majority Lenders. (b) No swap agreement shall be deemed to be a Credit Document for purposes of this Section 2.15. (2) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document. (3) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.15(4). Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.15, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.15. (4) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including any Term Benchmark) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public - 68 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (5) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Advances. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that any tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR Rate. Section 2.16 Inability to Determine Rates; Illegality. (1) Subject to Section 2.15, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term Benchmark cannot be determined in accordance with the terms of this Agreement on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make or continue Term Benchmark Advances or to convert ABR Advances to Term Benchmark Advances shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term Benchmark Advances or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the affected Interest Periods) until the Administrative Agent revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Advances (to the extent of the affected Term Benchmark Advances or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, in the case of any request for an affected Term Benchmark Borrowing, then such request shall be ineffective and (ii) any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars will be deemed to have been converted into ABR Advances. Upon any such conversion, the Borrower shall also pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 8.01. If the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term Benchmark cannot be determined in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in each case on any given day, the interest rate on ABR Advances shall be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate until the Administrative Agent revokes such determination. - 69 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (2) If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Advances whose interest is determined by reference to any Term Benchmark, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon any Term Benchmark, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term Benchmark Advances or to convert ABR Advances to Term Benchmark Advances shall be suspended, and (b) the interest rate on which ABR Advances of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate , in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term Benchmark Advances of such Lender to ABR Advances (the interest rate on which ABR Advances of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate ), on the interest payment date therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Advances to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Advances and (ii) if necessary to avoid such illegality, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the ABR Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR Rate until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon any Term Benchmark. ARTICLE 3 REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY ADVANCES Section 3.01 The Advances The Administrative Agent shall give each applicable Lender prompt notice of any Borrowing Notice received from each Borrower and of each applicable Lender s ratable portion of any Accommodation. Section 3.02 Procedure for Borrowing. Each Borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility shall be in a minimum amount of (i) U.S. 1,000,000 and in an integral multiple of U.S. 100,000 in the case of Borrowings by way of LIBORSOFR Advances or ABR Advances; and (ii) shall be made on the number of days prior notice specified in Schedule 5, given not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time), in the case of ABR Advances, and 12:00 p.m. (New York time), in all other cases, in each case by the applicable Borrower to the Administrative Agent. Each notice of a Borrowing (a Borrowing Notice shall be in substantially the form of Schedule 1, shall be irrevocable and binding on the applicable Borrower once given by it to the Administrative Agent, and shall specify (i) the requested date of the Borrowing; (ii) the aggregate amount and currency of the Borrowing; (iii) the Facility under - 70 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 which such Advance is requested; (iv) the Type of Advances comprising the Borrowing; and (v) in the case of a LIBORSOFR Advance, the initial Interest Period applicable to such Advance. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of funds from the Lenders and fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5, the Administrative Agent will make such funds available to the applicable Borrower in accordance with Article 2. Section 3.03 Conversions and Elections Regarding Advances (1) Each Advance shall initially be the Type of Advance specified in the applicable Borrowing Notice and shall bear interest at the rate applicable to such Type of Advance (determined as provided in Section 3.05) until (i) in the case of a LIBORSOFR Advance the end of the initial Interest Period applicable thereto as specified in the applicable Borrowing Notice, (ii) in the case of an ABR Advance, the date on which the relevant Type of Advance is repaid in full or is changed to another Type of Advance pursuant to and to the extent permitted by Section 3.03(2), or (iii) in the case of any Advance, it is converted to another Type of Advance pursuant to and to the extent permitted by Section 3.03(2). (2) The applicable Borrower may, in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, elect to (i) change any Advance (other than a Swing Line Advance) outstanding thereunder to another Type of Accommodation denominated in the same currency available thereunder in accordance with Section 3.03(3), (x) in the case of an ABR Advance, as of any Business Day, or (y) in the case of a LIBORSOFR Advance, as of the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such LIBORSOFR Advance; or (ii) continue any LIBORSOFR Advance for a further Interest Period, beginning on the last day of the then current Interest Period, in accordance with Section 3.03(3). (3) Each election to change from one Type of Advance to another Type of Advance under the Revolving Credit Facility or to continue a LIBORSOFR Advance for a further Interest Period shall be made on the number of days prior notice specified in Schedule 5 given, in each case, not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York time) by the applicable Borrower to the Administrative Agent. Each such notice (an Interest Rate Election Notice shall be given substantially in the form of Schedule 2 and shall be irrevocable and binding upon the applicable Borrower. If the applicable Borrower fails to deliver an Interest Rate Election Notice to the Administrative Agent for any LIBORSOFR Advance as provided in this Section 3.03(3), such LIBORSOFR Advance shall be converted (as of the last day of the applicable Interest Period) to and thereafter shall be outstanding as an ABR Advance in respect of the applicable Borrower. The Borrowers shall not select an Interest Period which conflicts with the definition of Interest Period in Section 1.01 or with the repayment requirements contained in Section 2.05. (4) Upon the occurrence of, and during the continuance of, an Event of Default, the Borrowers shall not have the right to convert Advances into, or to continue, LIBORSOFR Advances, and each LIBORSOFR Advance shall convert to an ABR Advance at the end of the applicable Interest Period. 

- 71 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 3.04 Circumstances Requiring Floating Rate Pricing (1) If a Lender determines acting reasonably in good faith and notifies Open Text in writing and the Administrative Agent that (i) by reason of circumstances affecting financial markets inside or outside Canada, deposits of U.S. Dollars are unavailable to such Lender; (ii) adequate and fair means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable interest rate on the basis provided in the definition of Eurodollar Rate; (iii) the making or continuation of any LIBOR Advances has been made impracticable (x) by the occurrence of a contingency (other than a mere increase in rates payable by such Lender to fund the Advances or a decrease in the creditworthiness of such Lender) which adversely affects the funding of the Revolving Credit Facility at any interest rate computed on the basis of the Eurodollar Rate, or (y) by reason of a change since the date of this Agreement in any Law or in the interpretation thereof by any Governmental Authority which affects such Lender or any relevant financial market and which results in the Eurodollar Rate no longer representing the effective cost to such Lender of deposits in such market; or (iv) any change to any Law or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, has made it unlawful for such Lender to make or maintain or to give effect to its obligations in respect of such Advances as contemplated hereby, then, (a) the right of a Borrower to select LIBOR Advances, as the case may be, from such Lender shall be suspended until such Lender determines acting reasonably and in good faith that the circumstances causing the suspension no longer exist and such Lender so notifies the Administrative Agent; (b) if any affected LIBOR Advance is not yet outstanding, any applicable Borrowing Notice shall be suspended until such Lender acting reasonably and in good faith determines that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist and such Lender so notifies the Administrative Agent; and (c) if any LIBOR Advance is already outstanding at any time when the right of the applicable Borrower to select LIBOR Advances is suspended, it and all other LIBOR Advances in the same Borrowing with respect to such Lender shall (subject to applicable Borrower having the right to select the relevant Type of Advance at such time) become an ABR Advance on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto (or on such earlier date as may be required to comply with any Law). (2) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify Open Text of the suspension of its right to request a LIBOR Advance from such Lender and of the termination of any such suspension. Upon notice from the Administrative Agent of the suspension of the right to request a LIBOR Advance from such Lender, Open Text may (i) either replace such Lender with a substitute Lender or Lenders, in which event such Lender shall execute and deliver an assignment and assumption - 72 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 agreement in favour of such substitute Lender or Lenders pursuant to Section 16.01(2)(e) in respect of the whole of its Commitments; or (ii) prepay all Accommodations Outstanding of such affected Lender and thereupon reduce such affected Lender s Commitments to nil, all without affecting the Commitments of any other Lenders. (3) If, at any time, the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that (a) the circumstances set forth in Section 3.04(1)(ii) have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (b) the circumstances set forth in Section 3.04(1)(ii) have not arisen but the UK Financial Conduct Authority (or any successor regulatory body), any other supervisor for the administrator of the LIBO Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which LIBOR shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans or as a benchmark reference rate for interest rates for loans, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to the Eurodollar Rate that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time (any such rate, an Alternate Rate of Interest ), and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such Alternate Rate of Interest and such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 17.01, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. so long as the Administrative Agent shall not have received, within five (5) Business Days, of the date notice of such Alternate Rate of Interest and a copy of such proposed amendment is provided to the Lenders, a written notice from the Majority Lenders stating that such Majority Lenders object to such amendment. Until an Alternate Rate of Interest shall be determined in accordance with this Section 3.04(3) (but, in the case of the circumstances described in clause (b) of the first sentence of this Section 3.04(3), only to the extent the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period is not available or published at such time on a current basis), (i) any request for a conversion to, or continuation of, LIBOR Advances shall be ineffective and (ii) any request for a LIBOR Advance shall be made as an ABR Advance in the amount specified therein. Section 3.04 [Reserved] Section 3.05 Interest on Advances The applicable Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance made to it, from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is repaid in full, at the following rates per annum: (1) ABR Advances. If and so long as such Advance is an ABR Advance and subject to clause (3) below, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the ABR Rate in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin, calculated daily and payable in arrears (i) on the first Business - 73 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Day of each Financial Quarter in each Financial Year; and (ii) when such ABR Advance becomes due and payable in full pursuant to the provisions hereof. (2) LIBORSOFR Advances. (a) If and so long as such Advance is a LIBORTerm SOFR Advance and subject to clause (3) below, at a rate per annum equal, at all times during each Interest Period for such LIBORSOFR Advance, to the sum of the Eurodollar RateAdjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin for Term SOFR Advances payable on the earliest of (i) if the Interest Period is longer than 3 months, every 3 months after the date of the relevant LIBORTerm SOFR Advance; (ii) on the last day of such Interest Period; and (iii) when such LIBORTerm SOFR Advance becomes due and payable in full pursuant to the provisions hereof. (b) If and so long as such Advance is a Daily Simple SOFR Advance and subject to clause (3) below, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the sum of Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Margin for Daily Simple SOFR Advances calculated daily and payable in arrears (i) on the first Business Day of each Financial Quarter in each Financial Year; and (ii) when such Daily Simple SOFR Advance becomes due and payable in full pursuant to the provisions hereof. (3) Default Interest. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, subject to Law, the Borrowers shall pay interest on their respective obligations in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility Default Interest on (i) the unpaid principal amount of each Accommodation Outstanding to each Lender, payable in arrears on the dates referred to in clause (1) or (2) above, as applicable, and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2 per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above, as applicable, and (ii) the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Credit Document to the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2 per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid, in the case of interest, and, in all other cases, on ABR Advances pursuant to clause (1) above. Section 3.06 Swing Line Advances (1) Each Swing Line Advance shall be in a minimum amount of U.S. 500,000 and in an integral multiple of U.S. 100,000, shall bear interest at the ABR Rate and shall be made upon notice given not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) by the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Swing Line Lender. Each notice of a Swing Line Advance shall be in substantially the form of Schedule 1, shall be irrevocable and binding on the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower once given by it to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Swing Line Lender, and shall specify (i) the date of the Swing Line Advance, (ii) the amount of the Swing Line Advance and (iii) the maturity of the Swing Line Advance (which maturity shall be no later than the seventh day after the requested date of such Swing Line Advance). Upon fulfilment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5, the applicable Swing Line Lender will, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, make such funds available to the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower in accordance with Article 2. - 74 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (2) Each Swing Line Lender may, at any time in its sole and absolute discretion, request on behalf of the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower (and such Revolving Credit Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes each Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), upon notice to the Administrative Agent by such Swing Line Lender no later than 10 a.m. (New York time) on the applicable date, that each Revolving Credit Lender make an ABR Advance in an amount equal to such Revolving Credit Lender s pro rata share of the amount of Swing Line Advances made by such Swing Line Lender then outstanding. Such request shall be deemed to be a Borrowing Notice for purposes hereof and shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.02(1) without regard solely to the minimum amounts specified therein but subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 (except that the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower shall not be deemed to have made any representations and warranties). (3) If for any reason any Swing Line Advance cannot be refinanced by a Borrowing as contemplated by Section 3.06(2), the request for ABR Advances, as the case may be, submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth in Section 3.06(2) shall be deemed to be a request by such Swing Line Lender that each of the Revolving Credit Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Advance and each Revolving Credit Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 3.06(2) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. (4) If and to the extent that any Revolving Credit Lender shall not have made the amount of its pro rata share of such Swing Line Advance available to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.06(2), such Revolving Credit Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date of the applicable Borrowing Notice delivered by the Swing Line Lender until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the applicable Swing Line Lender, at the Federal Funds Effective Rate. (5) Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make ABR Advances or to purchase and fund risk participations in a Swing Line Advance pursuant to this Section 3.06 shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defence or other right which such Revolving Credit Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (iii) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make ABR Advances pursuant to this Section 3.06 is subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 5.02 (except that the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower shall not be deemed to have made any representations or warranties). No funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the applicable Revolving Credit Borrower to repay Swing Line Advances, together with interest as provided herein. 

- 75 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 ARTICLE 4 REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY - DOCUMENTARY CREDITS Section 4.01 Documentary Credits Each Documentary Credit Lender agrees, on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, to issue Documentary Credits for the account of the applicable Documentary Credit Borrower from time to time on any Business Day prior to the Relevant Repayment Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility to such Documentary Credit Borrower. It is hereby acknowledged and agreed that each of the Existing Documentary Credits described in Schedule N shall constitute a Documentary Credit for all purposes under this Agreement and shall be deemed to be issued under this Agreement as of the Effective Date. Section 4.02 Issue Notice (1) Each Issue shall be made on notice (an Issue Notice given by the applicable Documentary Credit Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Documentary Credit Lender from which such Documentary Credit Borrower is requesting the issuance of a Documentary Credit not later than 12:00 p.m. (New York time) on the number of days notice specified in Schedule 5. The Issue Notice shall be in substantially the form of Schedule 4, shall be irrevocable and binding on the applicable Documentary Credit Borrower once given by it to the Administrative Agent and such Documentary Credit Lender, and shall specify (i) the requested date of Issue (the Issue Date (ii) the Type of Documentary Credit; (iii) the Face Amount and currency of the Documentary Credit; (iv) the expiration date of the Documentary Credit; and (v) the name and address of the Beneficiary. (2) Each applicable Documentary Credit Borrower shall repay, and there shall become due and payable on the Issue Date, the principal amount of any Accommodations Outstanding made to such Borrower which are to be converted in whole or in part, to Documentary Credits, and interest and all other amounts payable in respect thereof, all as if such conversion were a prepayment of such Advances pursuant to Article 2. Section 4.03 Form of Documentary Credits Each Documentary Credit shall (i) be dated the Issue Date; (ii) have an expiration date on a Business Day which occurs not later than one year from the Issue Date (provided that any such Documentary Credit may, in the sole discretion of the applicable Documentary Credit Lender, provide for automatic renewal thereof for any stated period or periods of up to one year in duration in the absence of a timely notice of termination by the issuer of such Documentary Credit) (but in any event not later than the Relevant Repayment Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility); (iii) comply with the definition of Documentary Credit; and (iv) be on the standard documentary forms required by the issuing Documentary Credit Lender. Section 4.04 Documentary Credit Reports Each Documentary Credit Lender shall furnish to the Administrative Agent on each Business Day a written report summarizing all Documentary Credit activity including issuances, increases, - 76 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 draws and the aggregate undrawn Face Amount (in the applicable currency and Equivalent U.S. Amount) and expiration dates of Documentary Credits issued by such Documentary Credit Lender as of such Business Day. Section 4.05 Procedure for Issuance of Documentary Credits (1) Not later than 12:00 p.m. (local time at the place of Issue) on an applicable Issue Date, the issuing Documentary Credit Lender will complete and issue an appropriate Type of Documentary Credit (i) dated the Issue Date; (ii) in favour of the Beneficiary; (iii) in a Face Amount and currency equal to the amount referred to in Section 4.02(1); and (iv) with the maturity date as specified by the applicable Borrower in its Issue Notice. (2) No Documentary Credit shall require payment against a conforming draft to be made hereunder on the same Business Day upon which such draft is presented, if such presentation is made after 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on such Business Day. (3) Prior to the Issue Date, the applicable Documentary Credit Borrower shall specify precise description of the documents and the verbatim text of any certificates or the form of any documents to be presented by the Beneficiary which, if presented by the Beneficiary, would require the issuing Documentary Credit Lender to make payment under the Documentary Credit. The issuing Documentary Credit Lender may, before the issue of the Documentary Credit and in consultation with the applicable Documentary Credit Borrower, require changes in any such document or certificate. Section 4.06 Payments of Amounts Drawn (1) On the Business Day of a drawing, the Documentary Credit Lender shall notify the Documentary Credit Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such drawing. Within one Business Day following the date of such drawing under a Documentary Credit, the applicable Documentary Credit Borrower shall pay to such Documentary Credit Lender an amount in same day funds equal to the amount so drawn in the currency in which such Documentary Credit is payable. (2) If the applicable Documentary Credit Borrower fails to pay to the applicable Documentary Credit Lender an amount, in same day funds, equal to the amount of such drawing, then (i) such Documentary Credit Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent, (ii) such Borrower shall be deemed to have given a Borrowing Notice to the Administrative Agent, requesting an ABR Advance under the Revolving Credit Facility in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing (a Documentary Credit Borrowing (iii) the Revolving Credit Lenders shall on the date of such drawing make such Advance, ratably under the Revolving Credit Facility; and (iv) the Administrative Agent shall pay the proceeds thereof to the applicable Documentary Credit Lender as reimbursement for the amount of such drawing. (3) With respect to ABR Advances made pursuant to Section 4.06(2), the interest rate and Applicable Margin for such advances shall be applied until such advances are repaid in full. - 77 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (4) Each applicable Revolving Credit Lender shall be required to make the Advances referred to in Section 4.06(2) notwithstanding (i) the amount of the Advance may not comply with the minimum amount required for Borrowings hereunder; (ii) whether any conditions specified in Article 5 are then satisfied; (iii) whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (iv) the date of such Advance; and (v) any reduction in or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitment. Section 4.07 Risk of Documentary Credits (1) In determining whether to pay under a Documentary Credit, a Documentary Credit Lender shall be responsible only to determine that the documents and certificates required to be delivered under the Documentary Credit have been delivered and that they comply on their face with the requirements of the Documentary Credit. (2) The reimbursement obligation of a Documentary Credit Borrower under any Documentary Credit shall be unconditional and irrevocable and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of a Documentary Credit; (ii) the existence of any claim, set off, defence or other right which any Person may have at any time against a Beneficiary, the Documentary Credit Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with the Credit Documents and the transactions contemplated therein or any other transaction (including any underlying transaction between a Documentary Credit Borrower and a Beneficiary); (iii) any certificate or other document presented with a Documentary Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid or any statement in it being untrue or inaccurate; (iv) the existence of any act or omission or any misuse of, a Documentary Credit or misapplication of proceeds by the Beneficiary, including any fraud in any certificate or other document presented with a Documentary Credit unless, with respect to the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.07(2), before payment of a Documentary Credit, (x) the applicable Documentary Credit Borrower has delivered to the Documentary Credit Lender a written notice of the fraud together with a written request that it refuse to honour such drawing, (y) the fraud by the Beneficiary has been established to the knowledge of the Documentary Credit Lender so as to make the fraud clear or obvious to the Documentary Credit Lender, and (z) in the case of fraud in the underlying transaction between the Documentary Credit Borrower and the Beneficiary, the fraud is of such character as to make the demand for payment by the Beneficiary under the Documentary Credit a fraudulent one; or (v) the existence of a Default or Event of Default. (3) The Documentary Credit Lender shall not be responsible for (i) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Documentary Credit or the rights or benefits under it or proceeds of it, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (ii) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages by mail, telecopy or otherwise; (iii) errors in interpretation of technical terms; (iv) any loss or delay in the transmission of any document required in order to make a drawing; and (v) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of the Documentary Credit Lender, including the acts or omissions, whether rightful or wrongful, of any Governmental Authority. None of the above shall affect, impair, or prevent the vesting of any of the Documentary Credit Lenders rights or powers under this Agreement. Any - 78 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 action taken or omitted by the Documentary Credit Lender under or in connection with any Documentary Credit or the related certificates, if taken or omitted in good faith, shall not put the Documentary Credit Lender under any resulting liability to Open Text or any Documentary Credit Borrower provided that the Documentary Credit Lender acts in accordance with the standards of reasonable care specified in the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (1993 Revision), ICC Publication 500 (or any replacement publication). Section 4.08 Repayments (1) If a Documentary Credit Borrower is required to repay the Accommodations Outstanding pursuant to Article 8, then such Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the Documentary Credit Lender s contingent liability in respect of (i) any outstanding Documentary Credit; and (ii) any Documentary Credit which is the subject matter of any order, judgment, injunction or other such determination (a Judicial Order restricting payment under and in accordance with such Documentary Credit or extending the Documentary Credit Lender s liability under such Documentary Credit beyond its stated expiration date. (2) The Documentary Credit Lender shall, with respect to any Documentary Credit, upon the later of: (a) the date on which any final and non appealable order, judgment or other such determination has been rendered or issued either terminating the applicable Judicial Order or permanently enjoining the Documentary Credit Lender from paying under such Documentary Credit; and (b) the earlier of (i) the date on which either (x) the original counterpart of the Documentary Credit is returned to the Documentary Credit Lender for cancellation, or (y) the Documentary Credit Lender is released by the Beneficiary from any further obligations, and (ii) the expiry (to the extent permitted by any Law) of the Documentary Credit; pay to the applicable Documentary Credit Borrower an amount equal to the amount by which the amount paid to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.08(1) exceeds the amounts paid by the Documentary Credit Lender under the Documentary Credit. Section 4.09 Fees (1) The Documentary Credit Borrowers under the Revolving Credit Facility shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Documentary Credit Lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility, a Documentary Credit Fee with respect to each Documentary Credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility calculated on the basis of the daily average of the undrawn Face Amount of each such Documentary Credit and a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and payable quarterly in arrears on the first Business Day of each Financial Quarter in respect of the prior Financial Quarter and in the same currency as such Documentary Credit. (2) The Documentary Credit Borrowers under the Revolving Credit Facility shall pay to each Documentary Credit Lender under the Revolving Credit Facility its (i) set-up fees, cable charges 

- 79 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 and other customary miscellaneous charges (as agreed to by the applicable Documentary Credit Borrowers and the applicable Documentary Credit Lender in advance) in respect of the issue of Documentary Credits by it and upon the amendment or transfer of each Documentary Credit and each drawing made thereunder; and (ii) documentary and administrative charges for amending, transferring or drawing under, as the case may be, Documentary Credits of a similar amount, term and risk (as agreed to by the applicable Documentary Credit Borrowers and the applicable Documentary Credit Lender in advance). (3) Commencing on the date hereof to the Relevant Repayment Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, each Revolving Credit Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders a Documentary Credit Participation Fee on each such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage of the daily average of the undrawn Face Amount of each Documentary Credit outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility as set forth in Schedule 6. All Documentary Credit Fees will be payable quarterly in arrears on the first Business Day of each Financial Quarter in respect of the prior Financial Quarter, and upon any termination of any Commitment under the Revolving Credit Facility, in each case for the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable. Section 4.10 Existing Letters of Guarantee Notwithstanding the requirements otherwise set forth in this Section 4.10, on the Effective Date, each letter of guarantee issued and outstanding under the terms of the Existing Credit Facility shall automatically be deemed to be a Documentary Credit under the Revolving Credit Facility, to be governed by the terms hereof, except as to those provisions contained in any such letter of guarantee as in effect on the Effective Date, if any, that may be inconsistent with the terms hereof. ARTICLE 5 CONDITIONS OF LENDING Section 5.01 Conditions Precedent to Effective Date This Agreement and the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement shall become effective upon, and the obligation of the Lenders to make the initial Accommodation following the Effective Date shall be subject to, the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (1) the Borrowers, the Guarantors and each Lender have indicated their agreement by the execution and delivery of the signature pages hereof to the Administrative Agent; (2) delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certified copy of (i) the charter documents and by-laws (or equivalent governing documents) of each Loan Party; (ii) the resolutions of the board of directors (or any duly authorized committee or other governing body thereof) or of the shareholders, as the case may be, of each Loan Party approving the entering into of this Agreement (including the amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement effected hereby) and each other Credit Document to which they are a party; (iii) all other instruments evidencing - 80 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 necessary corporate, company or partnership action of each Loan Party and of any required Authorization with respect to such matters; and (iv) certifying the names and true signatures of its officers authorized to sign this Amendment and the other Credit Documents manually or by mechanical means; (3) delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certificate of status, compliance, good standing or like certificate with respect to each Loan Party issued by the appropriate government official in the jurisdiction of its incorporation; (4) receipt of satisfactory evidence by the Administrative Agent of registration in the necessary jurisdictions of the Encumbrances or notice thereof in favour of the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, as required under Law, created by the Security Documents in order to preserve or protect such Encumbrances for the term of the Revolving Credit Facility; (5) receipt of satisfactory evidence by the Administrative Agent that the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) shall have a valid and perfected first priority (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) security interest in the Collateral or that arrangements in respect thereof shall have been made that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in each case, to the extent required by the terms of the Security Documents; (6) the Administrative Agent shall have received reasonably satisfactory opinions of outside counsel or, with respect to general corporate matters, in-house counsel, in each case, to the Loan Parties in the jurisdiction of incorporation of each such Loan Party and in each jurisdiction specified by the Administrative Agent as is relevant to confirm, inter alia, corporate existence, due authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the Credit Documents, and the validity and perfection of the Encumbrances created by the applicable Credit Documents; (7) all reasonable fees and documented out-of-pocket expenses owing to the Administrative Agent (including the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket costs of legal counsel to the Administrative Agent) have been paid in accordance with Section 15.01; (8) the Administrative shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Open Text attesting to the Solvency of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis and taken as a whole, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; (9) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Open Text confirming that, after giving effect to the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, as contemplated hereby, (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Effective Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date, and (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing that would constitute a Default or an Event of Default; (10) upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least ten days prior to the Effective Date, each Borrower shall have provided to such Lender the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and - 81 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five days prior to the Effective Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree); (11) at least five days prior to the Closing Date, any Borrower that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Borrower (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree); and (12) all fees owing the Lenders pursuant to the Lender Fee Letter have been paid in accordance with the Lender Fee Letter. Section 5.02 Conditions Precedent to All Accommodations (1) The obligation of each Lender to make Accommodations or otherwise give effect to any Accommodation Notice hereunder shall be subject to the conditions precedent that on the date of such Accommodation Notice and Accommodation, and immediately after giving effect thereto and to the application of any proceeds therefrom, (x) the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date, all as though made on and as of such date except for those changes to the representations and warranties which have been disclosed to and accepted by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 17.01 and any representation and warranty which is stated to be made as of a certain date (and then as of such date);and (y) no event or condition has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Accommodation or giving effect to such Accommodation Notice, which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default. (2) Each of the giving of any Accommodation Notice by a Borrower and the acceptance by a Borrower of any Accommodation shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by such Borrower that, on the date of such Accommodation Notice or Accommodation, as the case may be, and after giving effect thereto and to the application of any proceeds therefrom, the statements set forth in Section 5.02(1) are true and correct. (3) For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 5.02 shall not apply to conversions or elections in respect of Accommodations under Section 3.03 or 3.04. Section 5.03 No Waiver The making of an Accommodation or otherwise giving effect to any Accommodation Notice hereunder, without the fulfillment of one or more conditions set forth in Section 5.02 shall not constitute a waiver of any such condition, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders reserve the right to require fulfillment of such condition in connection with any subsequent Accommodation Notice or Accommodation. - 82 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 ARTICLE 6 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Section 6.01 Representations and Warranties The Loan Parties represent and warrant to each Lender, on the Effective Date and on each date required by Section 5.02 and Section 2.01(4), acknowledging and confirming that each Lender is relying thereon without independent inquiry in entering into this Agreement and providing Accommodations hereunder, that: (1) Incorporation and Qualification. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is duly incorporated or formed, continued or amalgamated as the case may be, and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization (which, as of the Effective Date, is set forth in Schedule A and each is duly qualified, licensed or registered to carry on business under the Laws applicable to it in all jurisdictions in which the nature of its Assets or business makes such qualification necessary and where failure to be so qualified, licensed, registered, duly incorporated, formed or continued or amalgamated would have a Material Adverse Effect. (2) Corporate Power. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (i) has all requisite corporate or other power and authority to own and operate its properties and Assets and to carry on the Business carried on by it and any other business as now being conducted by it, except to the extent that any failure of the foregoing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) has all requisite corporate or other power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, if any, to which it is a party. (3) Conflict with Other Instruments. The execution and delivery of the Credit Documents by each Loan Party which is a party thereto and the performance by each Loan Party of its respective obligations hereunder and compliance with the terms, conditions and provisions thereof, will not (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (w) its constating documents or by-laws, (x) any Law, (y) any material contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or its properties, or (z) any judgment, injunction, determination or award which is binding on it; or (ii) result in, require or permit (x) the imposition of any Encumbrance in, on or with respect to the Assets now owned or hereafter acquired by it (other than pursuant to the Security Documents or which is a Permitted Encumbrance), (y) the acceleration of the maturity of any material Debt binding on or affecting it, or (z) any third party to terminate or acquire any rights materially adverse to the applicable Loan Party under any Material Agreement except where such conflict, result, requirement or permission would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (4) Authorization, Governmental Approvals, etc. The execution and delivery of each of the Credit Documents by each Loan Party which is a party thereto and the performance by each such Loan Party of its respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or analogous action and no Authorization, under any Law, and no registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with any Governmental Authority, is or was necessary therefor or to perfect the same, except as are in full force and effect, unamended except for Permitted Exceptions and where failure to obtain or make such 

- 83 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Authorization, qualification, designation, declaration or filing with any Governmental Authority would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (5) Execution and Binding Obligation. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents have been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party which is a party thereto and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, subject only to any limitation under Laws relating to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or creditors rights generally; and (ii) general equitable principles including the discretion that a court may exercise in the granting of equitable remedies. (6) Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect. (a) Open Text has furnished to the Lenders (i) GAAP audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, changes in equity and cash flows of Open Text for the three most recent fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior to the Effective Date; and (ii) GAAP unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income, changes in equity and cash flows of Open Text for each subsequent fiscal quarter after June 30, 2017, ended at least 45 days before the Effective Date. Except as otherwise publicly disclosed prior to the Effective Date, since June 30, 2017, there has been no event, development or circumstance of which any Loan Party is aware that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All information (including that disclosed in all financial statements) pertaining to the Loan Parties (other than projections) (the Information that has been or will be made available to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent by Open Text is or will be, when furnished, complete and correct in all material respects and does not or will not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are made. The projections that have been or will be made available to the Lenders or the Administrative Agent by Open Text have been or will be prepared in good faith based upon reasonable assumptions. (b) As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all material respects. (7) Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule B or I, there are no actions, suits or proceedings (including any Tax-related matter) by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority or by any elected public official or by any other Person pending against or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against or affecting any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (i) that would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) that involve this Agreement or any other Credit Document and that is not being contested by the Loan Parties in good faith by appropriate proceedings or that constitutes an Event of Default. Except with respect to the Disclosed Matter(s) and except any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, none of the Loan Parties or any of its Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any Environmental Permit, (ii) to the knowledge of any Loan Party, has become subject to any Environmental - 84 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Liability, (iii) has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability, or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability. (8) Location of Business. As of the Effective Date, the only jurisdictions (or registration districts within such jurisdictions) in which any Loan Party has any place of business or stores any material tangible personal property are as set forth in Schedule C. (9) Material Permits. Each Loan Party possesses all Material Permits as may be necessary to properly conduct its respective business. Each such Material Permit is (i) in full force and effect, (ii) not subject to any dispute, and (iii) is not in default, except to the extent that the failure to be in full force and effect, such dispute or such default would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Effective Date, all Material Permits of the Loan Parties are listed in Schedule G. (10) Trademarks, Patents, etc. Other than Intellectual Property owned by customers of the Loan Parties or licenced by the Loan Parties from third parties, and except as set forth in Schedule D, each Loan Party is the registered and beneficial owner of, with good and marketable title, free of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances, to all material patents, patent applications, trade-marks, trade mark applications, trade names, service marks, copyrights, industrial designs, integrated circuit topographies, or other analogous rights with respect to the foregoing and other similar property, used in or necessary for the present and planned future conduct of its business, without any conflict with the rights of any other Person, other than as listed on Schedule D, or other than to the extent that the absence of such title or the existence of such conflicts would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Effective Date, all patents, trade-marks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, industrial designs, integrated circuit topographies, and other similar rights owned by any Loan Party, the failure of which to be so owned would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, are described in Schedule D (collectively, the Material Intellectual Property Rights ). (11) As of the Effective Date, except as set forth in Schedule D, no claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person with respect to the use by any Loan Party of any intellectual property or challenging or questioning the validity, enforceability or effectiveness of any intellectual property necessary for the conduct of the business of any Loan Party, except for any such claim that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Schedule D or except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Loan Party has the right to use the intellectual property which such Loan Party owns, (ii) all applications and registrations for such intellectual property are current, and (iii) to the knowledge of all Loan Parties, the conduct of each Loan Party s business does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any other Person. (12) Ownership of Property. Each Loan Party owns its Assets, and with respect to any material immovable or real property of the Loan Parties, with good and marketable title thereto (excluding any defects in title that do not materially impair the value of such property to such Loan Party), free and clear of all Encumbrances, except for Permitted Encumbrances and except where the failure to have such title described above could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Effective Date, none of the Loan Parties owns any immovable or real property other than the Owned Real Property. - 85 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (13) Leased Properties. As of the Effective Date, each lease of the Loan Parties (other than any lease which is not material to the operations of the Loan Parties taken as a whole) is in good standing in all material respects and all amounts owing thereunder have been paid by the applicable Loan Party except any such amount the payment obligation in respect of which is in bona fide dispute. (14) Insurance. All policies of fire, liability, workers compensation, casualty, flood, business interruption and other forms of insurance owned or held by each Loan Party are (a) sufficient for compliance, in all material respects, with all requirements of Law, and (b) provide adequate insurance coverage in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event public liability) as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business for the assets and operations of such Loan Party. All such material policies are in full force and effect in all material respects, and no notice of cancellation or termination has been received with respect to any such policy, except for any such notice the effect of which would be that the foregoing provisions of this clause (13) would be true and correct in all material respects. None of the Loan Parties maintains any formalized self-insurance or co-insurance program with respect to its assets or operations or material risks with respect thereto, other than as consented to by the Majority Lenders, acting reasonably. (15) Compliance with Laws. Except with respect to Disclosed Matters, each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Laws, except for non-compliance which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (16) No Default. None of the Loan Parties is in default nor has any event or circumstance occurred which, but for the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default under any loan or credit agreement, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, security agreement or other instrument or agreement evidencing or pertaining to any Debt of any Loan Party, or under any material agreement or instrument to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any Loan Party is bound, except where such default would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (17) Subsidiaries, etc. Except as set forth in Schedule F, in each case as of the Effective Date, (i) no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries, (ii) Open Text is the direct or indirect beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding shares or partnership interests, as the case may be, of each other Loan Party, and (iii) no Person (other than a Loan Party) has any right or option to purchase or otherwise acquire any of the issued and outstanding shares or partnership interests, as the case may be, of any such Loan Party. (18) Canadian Benefit Plans. The Canadian Pension Plans are duly registered under the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the ITA and any other Laws which require registration, have been administered in accordance with the ITA and such other Laws and no event has occurred which would reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such registered status, except to the extent that any failure to do so or such loss would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the date of this Agreement, no Canadian Pension Plan provides benefits determined on a defined benefit basis. All material obligations of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (including fiduciary, funding, investment and administration obligations) required to - 86 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 be performed in connection with the Canadian Pension Plans and the funding agreements therefor have been performed on a timely basis except to the extent that such non-performance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Effective Date, there are no outstanding disputes concerning the assets of any of the Canadian Benefit Plans which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All employer and employee payments, contributions or premiums required to be made or paid by each Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to the Canadian Benefit Plans have been made on a timely basis in accordance with the terms of such plans and all Laws except to the extent failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There have been no improper withdrawals or applications of the assets of the Canadian Benefit Plans that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no partial or full termination of any Canadian Pension Plan and no facts or circumstances have occurred or existed that could result, or be reasonably anticipated to result, in the declaration of a partial or full termination of any of the Canadian Pension Plans under Law, in each case, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (19) Material Agreements. As of the Effective Date, none of the Loan Parties is a party or otherwise subject to or bound or affected by any Material Agreement, except as set out in Schedule H. Except as set forth in Schedule H, all Material Agreements are in full force and effect, unamended, and none of the Loan Parties, or to any Loan Party s knowledge, any other party to any such agreement is in default with respect thereto, except to the extent that any such failure, amendment or default would not reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (20) Books and Records. To and including the Effective Date, all books and records of each Loan Party and each of its Material Subsidiaries have been fully, properly and accurately kept and completed in accordance with GAAP (to the extent applicable) in all material respects, and there are no inaccuracies or discrepancies of any kind contained or reflected therein that would, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (21) Tax Liability. Each Loan Party and each of its Material Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all returns in respect of material Taxes and has paid or caused to be paid all material Taxes required to have been paid by it (including all installments with respect to the current period) and has made adequate provision for material Taxes for the current period (other than Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Loan Party or such Material Subsidiary has, if required, set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP, or as to which waivers or extensions have granted by the applicable Governmental Authority) and no tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted in writing with respect to any such Taxes, except to the extent that (a) any failure to so file or to make such payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (b) in the case of any such tax liens or claims, such liens or the assertion of such claims do not materially impair the value, validity or the priority of the security interests of the Lenders in the Collateral. (22) Environmental Matters. To the knowledge of any Loan Party, except as disclosed to the Lenders in Schedule I, neither any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, nor the operations conducted thereon violate any applicable order of any Governmental Authority or 

- 87 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 any Environmental Laws, which violation would reasonably be expected to result in remedial obligations having a Material Adverse Effect. (23) Margin Stock. None of the Loan Parties engages or intends to engage principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, immediately, incidentally or ultimately, of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U). No part of the proceeds of any Accommodation has been or will be used, immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry any margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, or for any other purpose, in each case under circumstances which would result in a violation of or which is inconsistent with Regulation U. (24) Investment Companies; Regulated Entities. None of the Loan Parties is an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. None of the Loan Parties are subject to any other Federal or state statute or regulation limiting its ability to incur Indebtedness for borrowed money. (25) Solvency. Open Text and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. (26) Plans and Benefit Arrangements. (a) Each Loan Party is in compliance with any applicable provisions of ERISA with respect to all Benefit Arrangements, Plans and Multiemployer Plans except to the extent that failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party has made when due all payments required to be made under any collective bargaining agreement relating to a Multiemployer Plan or any Law pertaining thereto. With respect to each Plan and Multiemployer Plan, each Loan Party and each member of the ERISA Group (i) has fulfilled in all material respects their obligations under the minimum funding standards of ERISA, (ii) has not incurred any liability to the PBGC (other than for payment of premiums), and (iii) has not had asserted against them any excise tax or civil penalty for failure to fulfill the minimum funding requirements of ERISA. (b) The conditions for imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA have not been met with respect to any Plan. No reportable event within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA has occurred with respect to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement has been waived by the PBGC with respect to such event. (c) No Loan Party or member of the ERISA Group has instituted or intends to institute proceedings to terminate any Plan which is materially underfunded. The PBGC has not instituted proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA and no conditions exist that are likely to result in the termination of, or appointment of a trustee to administer, such Plan. (d) None of the Loan Parties nor any members of the ERISA Group has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material withdrawal liability under ERISA to any Multiemployer Plan. No Loan Party and no other member of the ERISA Group has been notified by any - 88 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan has been terminated within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or has been determined to be insolvent, in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA and, to the best knowledge of each Loan Party or member of the ERISA Group, no Multiemployer Plan is reasonably expected to be reorganized, insolvent or terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. (e) No Foreign Plan Event has occurred that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (27) Economic Sanctions; Anti-Money Laundering Laws. None of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of any of them without any investigation by any of them, any director, officer or employee of any of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries is, or is controlled or majority owned by Persons: (i) with whom dealings are restricted under any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control or the U.S. State Department, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury or Canada (collectively, Sanctions ), or (ii) that are located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions (currently, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, the Crimea region of Ukraine and Syria); None of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries (a) is in violation of any applicable Sanctions or applicable Anti-Terrorism Law, or engages in or conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law or applicable Sanctions or (b) has used the proceeds of any Accommodation to make any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee, or foreign official (as defined in the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the FCPA ), in contravention of the FCPA, the Bribery Act 2010 of the United Kingdom, as amended, the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) (the CFPOA or any other applicable anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws or statutes. (28) Labour Matters. As of the Effective Date, there are no strikes or other labour disputes pending or, to any Loan Parties knowledge, threatened against any Loan Party, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Hours worked and payments made to the employees of the Loan Parties comply in all respects with all Law dealing with such matters except where non-compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (29) Executive Offices Collateral Locations. As of the Effective Date, if applicable, the current location in Canada of (i) each chief executive office, principal place of business and domicile (within the meaning of the Civil Code of Qu bec) of each Loan Party, and (ii) the warehouses and premises at which any material Collateral is located, are as set forth on Schedule A, and none of such locations has changed within two (2) months preceding the Effective Date. Each Loan Party that keeps records in the Province of Qu bec relating to Collateral, keeps - 89 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 duplicate copies thereof at a location outside the Province of Qu bec as designated on Schedule A or otherwise disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent, as applicable. (30) Securities and Instruments of Guarantors. (a) All Intercompany Securities and Intercompany Instruments owned by the Guarantors have been, where applicable, duly and validly issued and acquired and, in the case of the Intercompany Securities and to the knowledge of the applicable Guarantors, are fully paid and non-assessable. As of the Effective Date, Schedule L sets out, for each class of such Securities listed in such schedule, the percentage amount that such Securities represent of all issued and outstanding Securities of that class. (b) Except as described in the applicable issuer s constating documents, no transfer restrictions apply to any Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments listed in Schedule L, which, as of the Effective Date, sets forth a complete list of Intercompany Securities and Intercompany Instruments. The Guarantors have delivered to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, copies of all shareholder, partnership, limited liability company or trust agreements applicable to each issuer of such Securities and Instruments which are in the Loan Parties possession or control. (c) Except as described in the applicable issuer s constating documents or Schedule A, as of the Effective Date, no Person has or will have any written or oral option, warrant, right, call, commitment, conversion right, right of exchange or other agreement or any right or privilege (whether by Law, pre-emptive or contractual) capable of becoming an option, warrant, right, call, commitment, conversion right, right of exchange or other agreement to acquire any right or interest in any of the Intercompany Securities and Intercompany Instruments owned by the Guarantors. (d) The Intercompany Instruments owned by the Guarantors constitute, where applicable, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor of such Instruments, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject only to any limitation under applicable laws relating to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, arrangement, reorganization or creditors rights generally, and (ii) the discretion that a court may exercise in the granting of equitable remedies. (e) The grants of security and deliveries to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent by the Guarantors in certificated Securities constituting Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents to which such Guarantors are party create valid and perfected security interests in such certificated Securities, and the proceeds of them. Subject to Permitted Encumbrances, such Securities and the proceeds from them are not subject to any prior Encumbrance or any agreement purporting to grant to any third party an Encumbrance on the property or assets of the Guarantors which would include the Securities. Section 6.02 Survival of Representations and Warranties The representations and warranties herein set forth or contained in any certificates or notices delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant hereto shall not merge in or be prejudiced by and shall survive any Accommodation hereunder and shall continue in full force - 90 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 and effect (as of the date when made or deemed to be made) so long as any amounts are owing by any of the Borrowers to the Lenders hereunder. ARTICLE 7 COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES Section 7.01 Affirmative Covenants So long as any amount owing hereunder remains unpaid or any Lender has any obligation under this Agreement, and unless consent or waiver is given in accordance with Section 17.01 hereof, each Loan Party shall: (1) Reporting Requirements. During the term of this Agreement, prepare (where applicable, in accordance with GAAP) and deliver to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders, in a form not objected to by the Majority Lenders, acting reasonably: (a) Financial Reporting (i) as soon as practicable and in any event within 50 days of the end of each Financial Quarter of Open Text (excluding the fourth Financial Quarter), the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of Open Text as at the end of such Financial Quarter prepared in accordance with GAAP including a balance sheet, statement of income and retained earnings and a statement of changes in financial position in each case as at the end of and for such Financial Quarter and the then elapsed portion of the Financial Year which includes such Financial Quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or in the case of the balance sheet, as at the end of) the previous Financial Year, in each case subject to year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (ii) as soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Financial Year of Open Text, the annual audited consolidated financial statements of Open Text prepared in accordance with GAAP including a balance sheet, statement of income and retained earnings and a statement of changes in financial position for such Financial Year (which financial statements shall be audited by a nationally recognized accounting firm), setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Financial Year; (iii) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements contemplated in (i) and (ii) above, a Compliance Certificate in respect of such Financial Quarter in the form attached hereto as Schedule 7; (iv) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Financial Year (in each case, approved by the board of directors of Open Text) an Annual Business Plan in respect of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, in each case, for the current Financial Year, provided that a preliminary draft of such plan shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent not later than 75 days after the end of each Financial Year; and (v) the foregoing financial information shall be presented in United States dollars. 

- 91 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Information required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be deemed to have been delivered if such information shall be available on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov and Open Text shall have notified the Administrative Agent of the availability of such financial information. (b) Environmental Reporting. Promptly, and in any event within 30 days of each occurrence, notify the Administrative Agent of any proceeding or order before any Governmental Authority requiring any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to comply with or take action under any Environmental Laws which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect if not taken. (c) Additional Reporting Requirements. Deliver to the Administrative Agent (with sufficient copies for each of the Lenders) (i) as soon as possible, and in any event within five days after any Loan Party becomes aware of the occurrence of each Default or Event of Default, a statement of Responsible Officer of such Loan Party or any other officer acceptable to the Administrative Agent setting forth the details of such Default or Event of Default and the action which such Loan Party proposes to take or has taken with respect thereto; (ii) from time to time upon request of the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, evidence of maintenance of all insurance required to be maintained by Section 7.01(7), including such originals or copies as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request of policies, certificates of insurance and endorsements relating to such insurance and proof of premium payments; (iii) at the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, the applicable Borrower shall provide further information regarding any Permitted Acquisition to the Administrative Agent; and (iv) together with the Compliance Certificate to be delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(1)(a)(iii), written notice of any previously undisclosed, (A) Material Subsidiaries of Open Text, (B) any Material Intellectual Property Rights; and (C) to the extent necessary for perfection of security interests in any material amount of tangible personal property under the PPSA, notice of any new location of such tangible personal property to the extent located in a jurisdiction within Canada as to which no effective PPSA financing statement has been filed in favour of the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent over the Assets of the applicable Loan Party; and (iv) promptly following any request therefor, (A) such other information respecting the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the business of any of the Loan Parties as the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, may from time to time reasonably request and (B) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the PATRIOT Act or other applicable anti-money laundering laws. (2) Existence; Conduct of Business. Do and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence (subject only to Section 7.02(3)), and except to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, obtain, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect any and all Material Permits. (3) Payment Obligations. Pay and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to pay all material Tax liabilities that, if not paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material - 92 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Adverse Effect, in each case, before the same shall become materially delinquent or in material default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) such Loan Party or such Material Subsidiary has, if required, set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP, and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (4) Maintenance of Properties. Keep and maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to keep and maintain, all real and personal property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent that the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (5) Books and Records; Inspection Rights. Keep, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to keep, proper books of record and account in which entries, that are full, true and correct in all material respects, are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. Permit, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to permit, any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants; provided that (a) except during the continuance of an Event of Default, only one such visit, inspection, examination and discussion (which shall be limited to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and their designated representatives, collectively, and not individually) shall be permitted during a Financial Year at the expense of Open Text, to be coordinated through the Administrative Agent upon at least five days prior notice, such visit to be limited to the chief executive office of Open Text and such other locations as may be reasonably agreed with Open Text and (b) during the continuance of an Event of Default, a visit or reasonable number of visits shall be permitted to locations other than the chief executive office that are reasonably related to the applicable Event of Default at the expense of Open Text. (6) Compliance with Laws and Material Contracts. Comply with, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to comply with, all Laws and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and with all Material Agreements, except, in each case, where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (7) Insurance. Maintain, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to maintain or cause to be maintained, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance with respect to their respective properties and business against such liabilities, casualties, risks and contingencies and in such types (including business interruption insurance) and amounts as is customary in the case of Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses and similarly situated and in accordance with any requirement of any Governmental Authority. In the case of any fire, accident or other casualty causing loss or damage to any properties of any Loan Party used in generating cash flow or if required by Law, all proceeds of such policies shall be used promptly to repair or replace any such damaged properties. Each Loan Party will maintain in effect and deliver to the Administrative Agent from time to time, when necessary to ensure that they are current and - 93 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 when otherwise required by the Credit Documents, endorsements to the policies pertaining to all physical properties in which the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall have an Encumbrance under the Credit Documents, naming the Administrative Agent as a loss payee, as its interests appear, and evidencing that such policies are subject to the standard mortgage clause approved by the Insurance Bureau of Canada (as applicable), and containing provisions that such policies will not be cancelled without 30 days prior written notice having been given by the insurance company to the Administrative Agent. (8) Operation and Maintenance of Property. Manage and operate, and cause each of its Material Subsidiaries to manage and operate, its business or cause its business to be managed and operated (i) in accordance with prudent industry practice in all material respects and in compliance in all material respects with the terms and provisions of all Material Permits, and (ii) in compliance with all applicable Laws of the jurisdiction in which such businesses are carried on, and all applicable Laws of every other Governmental Authority from time to time constituted to regulate the ownership, management and operation of such businesses, except where a failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (9) Status of Accounts and Collateral. With respect to the Collateral, report immediately to the Administrative Agent any matters materially adversely affecting the value, enforceability or collectability of any of the Collateral where such matter would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (10) Cure Defects. Promptly cure or cause to be cured any material defects in the execution and delivery of any of the Credit Documents or any of the other agreements, instruments or documents required to be executed and/or delivered pursuant thereto or any material defects in the validity or enforceability of any of the Credit Documents and, at its expense, execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered all such agreements, instruments and other documents as the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, may consider necessary for the foregoing purposes. (11) Additional Loan Parties/Security. In each case subject to Permitted Exceptions, if, at any time on or after the Effective Date, any Loan Party creates or acquires a Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or in some other fashion becomes the holder of any Equity Securities of a new Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), or, if any Excluded Subsidiary of a Loan Party is designated as, or becomes, a Material Subsidiary (any such event or occurrence, an Additional Loan Party/Subsidiary Event ): (a) To the extent not prohibited or restricted by Law, the applicable Loan Party will, within 90 days following the occurrence of such Additional Loan Party/Subsidiary Event, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a securities pledge agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent acting reasonably, granting a security interest in 100 of the Equity Securities of such new or newly designated Subsidiary owned by such Loan Party; (b) To the extent not prohibited or restricted by Law, the applicable Loan Party will, within 90 days following the occurrence of such Additional Loan Party/Subsidiary Event, cause such new or newly designated Subsidiary to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a - 94 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 guarantee and security of the nature contemplated by Section 2.12, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably and accompanied by customary legal opinions of counsel to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary; and (c) In connection with the execution and delivery of any guarantee, pledge agreement, mortgage, security agreement or analogous document pursuant to this Section, the applicable Loan Party will, or will cause the applicable Subsidiary to, deliver to the Administrative Agent such corporate resolutions, certificates, legal opinions and such other related documents, including, in respect of real property, reasonably satisfactory title insurance or a reasonably satisfactory title opinion and surveys, as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and consistent with the relevant forms and types thereof delivered on the Original Closing Date or as shall be otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Each guarantee, pledge agreement, mortgage, security agreement and any other analogous document delivered pursuant to this Section shall be deemed to be a Security Document from and after the date of execution thereof. (12) Material Permits. Maintain, and cause all of its Subsidiaries to maintain, all Material Permits as may be necessary to properly conduct their respective businesses, the failure of which to maintain would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (13) [Reserved]. (14) Notices Regarding Plans and Benefit Arrangements. (a) Certain Events. Promptly upon, and in any event within 25 Business Days of becoming aware of the occurrence thereof, provide notice (including the nature of the event and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service or the PBGC with respect thereto) of: (i) any reportable event (as defined in Section 4043(c) of ERISA) with respect to any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group (other than any reportable event notice of which to the PBGC has been waived), (ii) any Prohibited Transaction which could subject any Loan Party to a material civil penalty assessed pursuant to Section 502(i) of ERISA or a material tax imposed by Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code in connection with any Plan, any Benefit Arrangement or any trust created thereunder, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) any assertion of withdrawal liability with respect to any Multiemployer Plan which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) any partial or complete withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group under Title IV of ERISA (or assertion thereof), where such withdrawal is likely to result in Material Adverse Effect, (v) any cessation of operations at a facility by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group as described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, 

- 95 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (vi) withdrawal by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group from a Multiple Employer Plan which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (vii) a failure by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group to make a payment to a Plan required to avoid imposition of a Lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA, if the imposition of such Lien would have a Material Adverse Effect, or (viii) any Foreign Plan Event that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Notices of Involuntary Termination and Annual Reports. Promptly, and in any event within 25 Business Days, after receipt thereof, deliver to the Administrative Agent copies of (a) all notices received by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group of the PBGC s intent to terminate any Plan administered or maintained by any Loan Party or any member of the ERISA Group, or to have a trustee appointed to administer any such Plan; and (b) at the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, the most recently filed annual report (IRS Form 5500 series) and all accompanying schedules for any Plan, including the most recent required audit maintained by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group, and schedules showing the amounts contributed to each such Plan by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group and each Schedule SB (Actuarial Information) to the annual report filed by any Loan Party or any other member of the ERISA Group with the Department of Labor with respect to each such Plan. (c) Notice of Voluntary Termination. Promptly, and in any event within 25 Business Days, upon the filing thereof, deliver to the Administrative Agent copies of any Form 500, or any successor or equivalent form to Form 500, filed with the PBGC in connection with the termination of any Plan. (d) Canadian Benefit Plans. For each existing, or hereafter adopted, Canadian Benefit Plan, the Borrowers shall cause its Subsidiaries to, in a timely fashion, comply with and perform in all respects all of its obligations under and in respect of such Canadian Benefit Plan, including under any funding agreements and all applicable laws (including any applicable fiduciary, funding, investment and administration obligations), except to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that all employer or employee payments, contributions or premiums required to be remitted, paid to or in respect of each Canadian Benefit Plan shall be paid or remitted by the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries in a timely fashion in accordance with the terms thereof, any funding agreements and all Laws. The Borrowers shall deliver to Administrative Agent if requested by Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, copies of each annual and other return, report or valuation with respect to each Canadian Pension Plan as filed by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) with any applicable Governmental Authority. - 96 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (15) Security Matters. (a) Securities and Instruments. (i) If any Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments owned by a Guarantor are now or at any time become evidenced, in whole or in part, by uncertificated securities registered or recorded in records maintained by or on behalf of the issuer thereof in the name of a clearing agency or a custodian or of a nominee of either, the applicable Guarantor will notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such Securities and Instruments and, at the request and option of the Administrative Agent, (i) to the extent applicable under Law, cause an appropriate entry to be made in the records of the clearing agency or custodian (if there is such an agency or Person) or the applicable securities register, as applicable, to record the interest of the Administrative Agent or its nominee (if the Administrative Agent or such nominee is a member of such clearing agency) or otherwise as the Administrative Agent may reasonably direct in such Securities or Instruments created pursuant to the Security Documents or (ii) cause the Administrative Agent to have control over such Securities or Instruments. (ii) During the continuance of an Event of Default, if any Securities or Instruments (other than Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments) owned by a Guarantor are evidenced, in whole or in part, by uncertificated securities registered or recorded in records maintained by or on behalf of the issuer thereof in the name of a clearing agency or a custodian or of a nominee of either, the applicable Guarantor will notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such Securities and Instruments (unless such notice previously has been given) and, at the request and option of the Administrative Agent, (A) cause an appropriate entry to be made in the records of the clearing agency or custodian, as applicable, to record the interest of the Administrative Agent or its nominee (if the Administrative Agent or such nominee is a member of such clearing agency) or otherwise as the Administrative Agent may reasonably direct in such Securities or Instruments created pursuant to the Security Documents or (B) cause the Administrative Agent to have control over such Securities or Instruments. (iii) None of the Guarantors will, either before or after an Event of Default, make any entry in the records of a clearing agency or custodian or the applicable securities register to record any security interest of any Person, other than the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective agents, in any Securities or Instruments owned by a Guarantor, or will grant control to any Person other than the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective agents or the agent of a Guarantor over such Securities or Instruments so long as such Guarantor is the owner thereof. (iv) If any Guarantor acquires ownership of any Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments, such Guarantor will, together with the next Compliance Certificate required to be delivered in accordance with Section 7.01(1)(a)(iii) following the date of such acquisition of Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments, notify the Administrative Agent in writing and provide the Administrative Agent with a revised Schedule L recording the acquisition and particulars of such Instruments or Securities. Upon request by the Administrative Agent, such Guarantor will promptly deliver to and deposit with the Administrative Agent, or cause the Administrative Agent to have control over, all such Securities or Instruments as security for the Secured Obligations of the applicable Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which such Guarantor is party. - 97 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (v) Forthwith upon the occurrence of an Event of Default that is continuing, each Guarantor will provide the Administrative Agent with a list of all Securities and Instruments (other than Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments) held by it, and will notify the Administrative Agent of the acquisition by it of any additional Securities and Instruments (other than Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments). Upon request by the Administrative Agent during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Guarantor will promptly deliver to and deposit with the Administrative Agent, or cause the Administrative Agent to have control over, all Securities or Instruments (other than Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments) owned or held by such Guarantor, as security for the Secured Obligations of the applicable Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which such Guarantor is party. (vi) Each Guarantor will ensure that no Person other than itself, its agent or another Person on its behalf, the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective agents has possession of any certificated Securities or certificated Instruments owned by such Guarantor. (vii) Each Guarantor will, with respect to any Securities or Instruments owned by it, at the request of the Administrative Agent (but, in the case of Securities or Instruments that are not Intercompany Securities or Intercompany Instruments, such request shall only be made during the continuance of an Event of Default) (i) cause the transfer of such Securities or Instruments to the Administrative Agent (or its nominee (if the Administrative Agent or such nominee is a member of such clearing agency) or otherwise as the Administrative Agent may reasonably direct) to be recorded in the records of a clearing agency or custodian, if and as applicable under Law, or on the applicable securities register or (ii) duly endorse such Securities or Instruments for transfer in blank or register them in the name of the Administrative Agent or its nominee or otherwise as the Administrative Agent may reasonably direct, (iii) immediately deliver to the Administrative Agent any and all consents or other documents which may be necessary to effect the transfer of such Securities or Instruments to the Administrative Agent or any third party and (iv) deliver to or otherwise cause the Administrative Agent to have control over such Securities or Instruments. (b) Intellectual Property. Promptly following the request of the Administrative Agent, each Loan Party will furnish the Administrative Agent in writing the description of all material Registered Intellectual Property or applications for material Registered Intellectual Property of such Loan Party. In addition, such Loan Party will deliver to the Administrative Agent a copy of the certificate of or other document evidencing registration of, or application for, such Registered Intellectual Property, or such other form as may be necessary or appropriate under applicable Law, in respect of such Registered Intellectual Property confirming the grant of security in such Registered Intellectual Property to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, and promptly make all such filings, registrations and recordings as are necessary to preserve, protect and perfect the Security Interest granted to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, in such Registered Intellectual Property. (c) Maintaining the Account Collateral. So long as any Accommodation or any other Secured Obligation secured by the Pledge and Security Agreement (other than contingent indemnification claims as to which no valid demand has been made, Unmatured Surviving - 98 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Obligations of any Loan Party under any Credit Document shall remain unpaid or shall be outstanding, any Eligible Cash Management Agreement or Eligible Hedging Agreement shall be in effect or any Lender Party shall have any Commitment: (i) Each U.S. Grantor will maintain deposit accounts only with the financial institution acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder or with a bank (a Pledged Account Bank that has agreed with such U.S. Grantor and the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, to comply with instructions originated by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, directing the disposition of funds in such deposit account without the further consent of such U.S. Grantor, such agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and such U.S. Grantor (a Deposit Account Control Agreement provided, however, that this Section 7.01(15)(c) shall only apply to accounts maintained in the United States and shall not apply to deposit accounts (A) used solely as a tax or payroll account, escrow account, trust account, petty cash account or flexible spending account, in each case maintained in the ordinary course of business or (B) or other deposit accounts to the extent that the aggregate amount on deposit with all such other deposit accounts does not exceed U.S. 20,000,000, or such lower amount as may be required under the Term B Credit Agreement at any time. (ii) The Administrative Agent may (or may request that the Collateral Agent), at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, request that each U.S. Grantor instruct each Person obligated at any time to make any payment to such U.S. Grantor for any reason (an Obligor to make such payment to a Pledged Deposit Account or the Collateral Account, except that such U.S. Grantor shall not be under such obligation with respect to Persons (i) making payments to a Pledged Deposit Account or Collateral Account as of the date hereof, (ii) making payments to such U.S. Grantor of less than 250,000 a year in the aggregate, or (iii) making payments to accounts not purported to be subject to the security of the Guaranteed Parties in accordance with this Agreement, if any. (iii) The Administrative Agent may (or may request that the Collateral Agent), at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default and without notice to, or consent from, any U.S. Grantor, transfer, or direct the transfer of, funds from the Pledged Deposit Accounts to the Collateral Account to satisfy the Secured Obligations under the Security and Pledge Agreement and other Credit Documents. (iv) Upon any termination by a U.S. Grantor of any Pledged Deposit Account, such U.S. Grantor will promptly (i) to the extent transferred within the United States, transfer all funds and property held in such terminated Pledged Deposit Account to another Pledged Deposit Account or the Collateral Account and (ii) notify all Obligors that were making payments to such Pledged Deposit Account, to the extent future payments continue to be made within the United States, to make all future payments to another Pledged Deposit Account or the Collateral Account, in each case so that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall have a continuously perfected security interest in such Collateral Account, funds and property. (d) Collections on Assigned Agreements and Instruments. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7.01(15)(d), each U.S. Grantor will continue to collect, at its own expense, all 

- 99 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 amounts due or to become due to such U.S. Grantor under the Assigned Agreements, Receivables and Related Contracts (each such term being used herein as defined in the Security and Pledge Agreement). In connection with such collections, such U.S. Grantor may take (and, at the Administrative Agent s direction upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, will take) such action as such U.S. Grantor or the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or advisable to enforce collection of the Assigned Agreements, Receivables and Related Contracts; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall have the right at any time, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and upon written notice to such U.S. Grantor of its intention to do so, to notify the Obligors under any Assigned Agreements or Instruments of the assignment of such Assigned Agreements and Instruments to the Administrative Agent and to direct such Obligors to make payment of all amounts due or to become due to such U.S. Grantor thereunder directly to the Administrative Agent and, upon such notification and at the expense of such U.S. Grantor, to enforce collection of any such Assigned Agreements and Instruments to adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof, in the same manner and to the same extent as such U.S. Grantor might have done, and to otherwise exercise all rights with respect to such Assigned Agreements and Instruments, including those set forth in Section 9-607 of the UCC. After receipt by any U.S. Grantor of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in the proviso to the preceding sentence upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) all amounts and proceeds (including instruments) received by such U.S. Grantor in respect of the Assigned Agreements and Instruments of such U.S. Grantor shall be deemed to be received in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent hereunder, shall be segregated from other funds of such U.S. Grantor and shall be forthwith paid over to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement) to be deposited in the Collateral Account and either (A) released to such U.S. Grantor on the terms set forth in Section 5 of the Security and Pledge Agreement so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or (B) if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, applied as provided in Section 14(b) of the Security and Pledge Agreement and (ii) upon notice from the Administrative Agent in connection with the enforcement of its rights and remedies under the Credit Documents, such U.S. Grantor will not adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment of any Receivable or amount due on any Instrument, release wholly or partly any Obligor thereof or allow any credit or discount thereon. No U.S. Grantor will permit or consent to the subordination of its right to payment under any of the Assigned Agreements or Instruments to any other indebtedness or obligations of the Obligor thereof. (e) Commercial Tort Claims. Each U.S. Grantor will promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent of any commercial tort claim of such U.S. Grantor that may arise after the date hereof with an anticipated recovery of at least 2,000,000 and will immediately execute or otherwise authenticate a supplement to the Security and Pledge Agreement, and otherwise take all action reasonably necessary to subject such commercial tort claim to the security interest created under such Security Document. (16) Financial Assistance. Each Loan Party shall comply, in each case in all material respects, with sections 151 to 158 (inclusive) of the Companies Act 1985 of England and Wales (if applicable) and all other applicable laws and regulations relating to financial assistance by a company for the acquisition or subscription for shares or relating to protection of shareholders - 100 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 capital in other applicable jurisdictions, including in relation to the execution and performance of the Credit Documents and the payment of amounts due under the Credit Documents. Section 7.02 Negative Covenants So long as any amount owing hereunder remains unpaid or any Lender has any obligation under this Agreement, and unless consent or waiver is given in accordance with Section 17.01 hereof, no Loan Party shall: (1) Debt. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Debt other than Permitted Debt. (2) Encumbrances. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Encumbrance on any of its or their, as the case may be, respective Assets, other than Permitted Encumbrances. (3) Fundamental Changes. Merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with, or permit any of its Material Subsidiaries to merge into, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with it, or liquidate, dissolve or be wound up, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Loan Party may merge into, or amalgamate or consolidate with, or liquidate, dissolve or be wound up into any other Loan Party, (ii) any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party may liquidate, dissolve or be wound up into any Loan Party if such Loan Party determines in good faith that such winding up is in the best interests of such Loan Party, (iii) any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party may merge into, or amalgamate or consolidate with, any Loan Party, so long as the surviving or continuing entity is a Loan Party; (iv) any Immaterial Subsidiary may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with, any Subsidiary or liquidate, dissolve or be wound up into any Subsidiary; and (v) any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party may merge into or amalgamate or consolidate with, or liquidate, dissolve or be wound up into any other Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not a Loan Party. (4) Carry on Business. Engage in any business or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to engage in any business, other than the Business and businesses which are the same as or related, ancillary, incidental or complementary to the Business. (5) Disposal of Assets Generally. Dispose of, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to Dispose of, any Assets to any Person, other than Permitted Dispositions, so long as (other than in respect of a Permitted Disposition described in clause (ii) of the definition thereof) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. (6) Transactions with Affiliates. Dispose of, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to Dispose of, any Assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise - 101 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 acquire any Assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not more restrictive to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.02(8) or any intercompany Debt and interest thereon expressly excluded from the definition of Restricted Payment, and (d) as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement and the Credit Documents. The foregoing restrictions shall not apply to: (i) the payment of reasonable and customary fees to directors of Open Text who are not employees of Open Text, (ii) any other transaction with any employee, officer or director of the Loan Parties pursuant to employee profit sharing and/or benefit plans and compensation and non-competition arrangements in amounts customary for corporations similarly situated to the Loan Parties and entered into in the ordinary course of business and approved by the board of directors of the applicable Loan Party, or (iii) any reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred by an Affiliate of Open Text on behalf of or for the account of Open Text or any of the Loan Parties. (7) Restrictive Agreements. Directly or indirectly enter into, incur or permit to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to directly or indirectly enter into, incur or permit to exist, any agreement or other arrangement, that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Encumbrance upon any of its Assets pursuant to the Credit Documents, (b) the ability of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any Equity Securities or with respect to, or measured by, its profits or to make or repay loans or advances to any Loan Party or to provide a guarantee of any Debt of any Loan Party pursuant to the Credit Documents, (c) the ability of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to make any loan or advance to the Loan Parties, or (d) the ability of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to sell, lease or transfer any of its property to any other Loan Party; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to (i) restrictions and conditions existing on the Effective Date identified on Schedule K (but shall apply to any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), to (ii) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Assets pending such sale and such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Loan Party, Subsidiary or the Assets that are to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder; (iii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Debt permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the Assets securing such Debt; and (iv) customary provisions in leases and other ordinary course contracts restricting the assignment or pledge thereof or the Assets that are the subject thereof. (8) Restricted Payments. Declare, make or pay or agree to declare, make or pay, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to declare, make or pay, or agree to declare, make or pay, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except (a) the declaration and payment of dividends with respect to the Equity Securities of Open Text payable solely in additional Equity Securities, (b) Restricted Payments by any Subsidiary of a Loan Party to its parent entity or entities (so long as, in the case of a non-wholly owned Subsidiary, such Restricted Payments are made at least ratably to the applicable parent which is a Loan Party or Subsidiary thereof), (c) regularly scheduled payments in respect of Permitted Debt, (d) Restricted - 102 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Payments by the Loan Parties pursuant to and in accordance with stock option plans, profit sharing plans, employment agreements and/or other benefit plans for the directors or officers of Open Text and its Subsidiaries, provided that the aggregate amount of cash payments made by the Loan Parties in any Financial Year pursuant to all such stock option plans, profit sharing plans and other compensation benefit plans shall not exceed reasonable commercial amounts, (e) except as provided in clause (g) below, Restricted Payments by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, in an aggregate amount not to exceed in any Financial Year 35 of Consolidated EBITDA for such Financial Year, (f) except as provided in clause (g) below, Restricted Payments by the Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed 300,000,000 in any Financial Year, (g) Restricted Payments by the Loan Parties in an unlimited amount, provided that Open Text has demonstrated that it will be in compliance with a Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio of 2.00:1.00 or less on a pro forma basis at the end of the Financial Quarter immediately following the making of such Restricted Payment for the Measurement Period then ended, and (h) the declaration and payment of dividends or other distributions with respect to, and the purchase, redemption or other acquisition of the Equity Securities of a Subsidiary of Open Text that is a Loan Party to another Subsidiary of Open Text that is not a Loan Party, so long as after giving effect thereto, (x) the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.03 on a pro forma basis and (y) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. (9) Investments. Purchase, hold or acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any amalgamation with any Person that was not a wholly-owned Subsidiary prior to such amalgamation), any Equity Securities, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person, except: (a) Investments by any such Loan Party or Subsidiary in the Equity Securities of any Loan Party; (b) loans or advances made by any Loan Party to any other Loan Party; (c) at any time that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result therefrom, investments by any such Loan Party or Subsidiary in the Equity Securities of an Excluded Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary or loans or advances made by any such Subsidiary to an Excluded Subsidiary or Material Subsidiary (other than investments, loans or advances existing as of the Effective Date), provided that the aggregate amount outstanding of all such investments, loans or advances made by all such Loan Parties and Subsidiaries does not at any time exceed the greater of (i) U.S. 300,000,000 and (ii) 5 of Consolidated Assets at any time (plus trade payables and amounts paid on account of services rendered, in each case, in the ordinary course of business), such amount to be determined net of Investment Credits received from Excluded Subsidiaries; (d) Permitted Debt; 

- 103 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (e) Investments acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition; (f) Investments existing on the Effective Date in the Equity Securities listed on Schedule F and any security into which such Equity Securities or such converted security may be converted from time to time; (g) Investments consisting of the repurchase of shares of Open Text to the extent permitted under Section 7.02(8); (h) Permitted Investments; (i) Investments by any such Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party; and (j) at any time that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result therefrom, other Investments in any Person engaged in a business that is the same as or related, ancillary, incidental or complementary to any business carried on by a Loan Party that are not otherwise permitted hereunder (i) not to exceed the greater of (x) U.S. 200,000,000 and (y) 5 of Consolidated Assets at any time, such amount to be determined net of Investment Credits received from all such Persons or (ii) in an unlimited amount, provided, in the case of this clause (ii) only, that Open Text has demonstrated that it will be in compliance with a Consolidated Senior Secured Net Leverage Ratio of 2.25:1.00 or less on a pro forma basis at the end of the Financial Quarter immediately following the making of such Investment for the Measurement Period then ended. (10) Acquisitions. Make any Acquisition, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to make any Acquisition, other than, and provided no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result therefrom, a Permitted Acquisition. (11) Subsidiaries. Create or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to create, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any amalgamation with any Person that was not a wholly-owned Subsidiary prior to such amalgamation), any Subsidiary unless, except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, such Subsidiary is a wholly-owned Subsidiary. (12) Lease-Backs. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement and the Sale-Leaseback Transaction on market terms involving the Assets located at 5347 West 161st Street, Brook Park, Ohio, enter into, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to enter into, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby any such Loan Party or such Subsidiary shall sell or transfer any property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and whereby any such Loan Party or such Subsidiary shall then or thereafter rent or lease as lessee such property or any part thereof or other property which such Loan Party intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred. - 104 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (13) Canadian Pension Plan Compliance. (a) Terminate, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to terminate, any Canadian Pension Plan in a manner, or take any other action with respect to any Canadian Pension Plan, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) fail to make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to fail to make, full payment when due of all amounts which, under the provisions of any Canadian Pension Plan, agreement relating thereto or Law, Open Text or any other Loan Party is required to pay as contributions thereto if such failure would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (c) contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to, or permit any Loan Party (other than any Loan Party acquired as a result of a Permitted Acquisition) to contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to, any pension plan which provides benefits determined on a defined benefit basis or, if such Loan Party is liable for funding defined benefits thereunder, any multi-employer pension plan as such terms are defined in the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario), or (d) acquire, or permit any Loan Party to acquire, an interest in any Person if such Person sponsors, maintains or contributes to, or, at any time in the six-year period preceding such acquisition has sponsored, maintained, or contributed to any pension plan which provides benefits determined on a defined benefit basis or, if such Person is liable for funding defined benefits thereunder, any multi-employer pension plan as such terms are defined in the Pension Benefits Act (Ontario); provided that, Open Text or any other Loan Party may acquire an interest in any such Person if such Person is acquired as a Permitted Acquisition and neither Open Text nor any of the Loan Parties has any legal liability to perform such Person s obligations or assume such Person s liabilities. (14) Amendments. Make (a) any amendments to its or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) constating documents or by-laws (or other governing documents) which, taken as a whole, are adverse in any material respect to the Lenders interests, hereunder or the Encumbrances arising under or created by the Security Documents; (2) any amendments to, or grant any waivers in respect of, Material Agreements or any guarantee or security in respect thereof in a manner that would materially and adversely affect the Lenders interests, taken as a whole, under the Credit Documents; or (3) in the case of the Term B Credit Agreement, without limiting sub-clause (b) of this Section 7.02(14), any amendments to increase the principal amount of the Debt thereunder above the sum of Term Loans made on the Term Loan Closing Date plus the principal amounts of any Incremental Term Facility permitted in accordance with the terms of the Term B Credit Agreement as of the Effective Date or shorten the maturity or weighted average life to maturity thereof or make any provision thereof more restrictive to the Borrowers in any material respect than the corresponding provision of this Agreement. (15) Change of Auditors. Change its auditors other than to a nationally recognized accounting firm. (16) Plan and Benefit Arrangements. Not and not permit any of its Subsidiaries or any other member of the ERISA Group to: (a) fail to satisfy the minimum funding requirements of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code with respect to any Plan if such failure has a Material Adverse Effect; - 105 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (b) request a minimum funding waiver from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Plan; (c) engage in a Prohibited Transaction with any Plan, Benefit Arrangement or Multiemployer Plan which, alone or in conjunction with any other circumstances or set of circumstances resulting in liability under ERISA, would constitute a Material Adverse Effect; (d) fail to make when due any contribution to any Multiemployer Plan that any Loan Party or any member of the ERISA Group may be required to make under any agreement relating to such Multiemployer Plan, or any Law pertaining thereto, where any such failure results in a Material Adverse Effect; (e) withdraw (completely or partially) from any Multiemployer Plan or withdraw (or be deemed under Section 4062(e) of ERISA to withdraw) from any Multiple Employer Plan, where any such withdrawal results in a Material Adverse Effect; (f) terminate, or institute proceedings to terminate, any Plan, where such termination results in a Material Adverse Effect; (g) fail to make any contributions to any Plan which gives rise to the conditions for imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA; (h) fail to give any and all notices and make all disclosures and governmental filings required under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, where such failure results in a Material Adverse Effect; or (i) permit the occurrence of any Foreign Plan Event that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (17) Speculative Transactions. Engage in, or permit any Material Subsidiary to enter into, any interest rate, currency rate, commodity hedge or similar agreement, understanding or obligation, except in the normal course of business and not for speculative purposes. (18) Change of Corporate Name or Location. Change or permit any of their Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties to change (a) its incorporated name, or if not a corporation, its name as it appears in official filings in the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) change its chief executive office, principal place of business, domicile (within the meaning of the Civil Code of Qu bec) (unless such change is within the same jurisdiction), (c) change the type of entity that it is, (d) change its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization or its corporate or organizational structure, and (e) in the case of any Loan Party organized under the laws of a jurisdiction within the United States, change its organizational identification number, in each case, unless Open Text provides prompt written notice thereof to Administrative Agent so that, subject to Permitted Exceptions, Administrative Agent may take such actions as are necessary as a result thereof to continue the perfection and in the case of the Province of Qu bec, publication, of any Encumbrances in favour of the Collateral Agent or Administrative Agent in any Collateral. - 106 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (19) Share Capital. Except in a transaction otherwise permitted under this Agreement, permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) to issue any shares, or any options, warrants or securities convertible into shares, to the extent that such issuance would result in a reduction in the ownership percentage or such Loan Party in such Subsidiary. Section 7.03 Financial Covenants (1) So long as any amount owing hereunder remains unpaid or any Lender has any obligations under this Agreement, and unless consent is given in accordance with Section 17.01 hereof, Open Text shall: (a) Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio. Maintain, as at the end of each Financial Quarter, a Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio of not greater than 4.00:1.00. ARTICLE 8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT Section 8.01 Events of Default (1) If any of the following events (each an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing: (a) a Borrower shall fail to pay any principal amount of the Accommodations Outstanding when such amount becomes due and payable; (b) a Borrower shall fail to pay any interest or Fees when the same become due and payable hereunder and such failure shall remain unremedied for five Business Days; (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by Open Text or any other Loan Party in this Agreement or any other Credit Document to which it is a party shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed to be made; (d) Open Text shall fail to perform, observe or comply with any of the covenants contained in Section 7.01(2), Section 7.02 or Section 7.03; (e) Open Text shall fail to perform, observe or comply with any of the covenants contained in Section 7.01(1)(a) and such failure shall remain unremedied for five Business Days; (f) Open Text shall fail to perform, observe or comply with any of the covenants contained in Section 7.01(1)(b) or (c) or Section 7.01(3) and such failure shall remain unremedied for fifteen Business Days; (g) Open Text or any other Loan Party shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Credit Document to which it is a party (other than a covenant or agreement whose breach or default in performance is elsewhere in this Section 8.01 

- 107 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 specifically dealt with) and such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after Open Text has received notice from the Administrative Agent of such failure to perform or observe; (h) a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall fail to pay the principal of or interest on any Debt (excluding any Debt hereunder) which is outstanding in an aggregate principal amount exceeding U.S. 125,000,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency), when such amount becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt; or any other breach, default or failure by a Loan Party shall occur with respect to any other term of such Debt, and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in any agreement or instrument relating to any such Debt, if the effect of such breach, default or failure is to cause or (in the case of a breach, default or failure with respect to a matured term of the applicable Debt) permit the acceleration of such Debt; provided that no Event of Default under this Section 8.01(1)(h) shall occur or be continuing if such failure, default or breach has been waived by the holder(s) or trustee or agent on behalf of such holder(s) of such Debt; (i) any writ of execution or similar process is enforced or levied upon material Assets having a value of U.S. 125,000,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency) or more, net of any amounts covered by an enforceable contract of insurance, of any Loan Party and remains undischarged, unvacated and unstayed for a period (for each action) of 60 days and, in any event, later than five Business Days prior to the date of any proposed sale thereunder, provided that, during such period, such process is in good faith disputed by such Loan Party; (j) any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of U.S. 125,000,000 (or the equivalent amount in any other currency), net of any amounts available for the satisfaction of such judgment or order pursuant to an enforceable contract of insurance, shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) and the same shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unstayed and unbonded pending appeal for a period of 60 consecutive days from the entry thereof; (k) any non-monetary judgment or order shall be rendered against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) that would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect, and the same shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unstayed and unbonded pending appeal for a period of 60 consecutive days during which execution shall not be stayed; (l) any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Exempt Immaterial Subsidiaries) (i) fails to generally pay its debts as such debts become due; (ii) admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (iii) institutes or has instituted against it any proceeding seeking (w) the possession, foreclosure, seizure, retention, sale or other disposition of, or other proceedings to enforce security over, all or any substantial part of the Assets (having a value in excess of U.S. 125,000,000) of any Loan Party, (x) to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, (y) any liquidation, winding-up, reorganization (in each case, other than as specifically permitted hereunder), arrangement (other than as specifically - 108 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 permitted hereunder), protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any Law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, incorporation law or relief of debtors including any plan of compromise or arrangement or other similar corporate proceeding involving or affecting its creditors, or (z) the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, interim receiver, receiver and manger, liquidator, custodian, sequestrate or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its Assets (having a value in excess of U.S. 125,000,000), and in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including the entry of an order for relief against it or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, interim receiver, receiver and manger, liquidator, custodian, sequestrate or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its Assets (having a value in excess of U.S. 125,000,000)) shall occur; or (iv) the board of directors or other applicable governing body of any Loan Party adopts any resolution or otherwise authorizes action to approve any of the foregoing actions; (m) any Impermissible Qualification of the audited financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(1); (n) any of the Credit Documents executed and delivered by any Loan Party shall cease to be in full force and effect in any material respect (taken as a whole) and such failure (i) relates to a material portion of the Collateral, and (ii) did not arise from the failure of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to take any action within its control (without limiting the Loan Parties obligations under Section 2.12(1), 7.01(1)(c) and 7.01(11)) and (iii) shall remain unremedied for 10 Business Days; or (o) the validity of any of the Credit Documents or the applicability thereof to the Accommodations or any other Obligations purported to be secured or guaranteed thereby or any part thereof shall be contested in writing by any Loan Party; then, the Administrative Agent may, and shall at the request of the Majority Lenders, by written notice to the Borrowers (i) terminate the Lenders obligations to make further Accommodations under the Revolving Credit Facility; and (ii) (at the same time or at any time after such termination) declare the principal amount of all outstanding Advances, an amount equal to the Face Amount of each issued and outstanding Documentary Credit and all interest and Fees accrued thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind (except as required by Law), all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers; provided that, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under clause (l) above with respect to a Borrower, the Lender s obligations to make further Accommodations under the Revolving Credit Facility shall automatically terminate and all outstanding Advances, an amount equal to the Face Amount of each issued and outstanding Documentary Credit and all interest and Fees accrued thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility shall become immediately due and payable, with any presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind from the Administrative Agent or any Lender. - 109 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Demand and Default (1) Upon a declaration that the Accommodations Outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility are immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 8.01, the Administrative Agent shall at the request of, or may with the consent of, the Majority Lenders, commence such legal action or proceedings as it, in its sole discretion, may deem expedient, including the commencement of enforcement proceedings under the Security Documents or any other security granted by Open Text or any other Loan Party to the Collateral Agent, Administrative Agent or the Lenders, all without any additional notice, presentation, demand, protest, notice of dishonour, entering into of possession of any of the Assets, or any other action or notice (except as required by Law), all of which the Loan Parties hereby expressly waive (to the extent enforceable under Law). (2) The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Credit Documents are cumulative and are in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights or remedies. Nothing contained herein or in the Security Documents or any other security hereafter held by the Collateral Agent, Administrative Agent and the Lenders, with respect to the indebtedness or liability of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, or any part thereof, nor any act or omission of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders with respect to the Security Documents, the Collateral or such other security, shall in any way prejudice or affect the rights, remedies and powers of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder or under the Security Documents or such Collateral. ARTICLE 9 YIELD PROTECTION Section 9.01 Increased Costs; Reserves on LIBORTerm SOFR Advances (1) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: (a) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender, including LIBORTerm SOFR funds or deposits; (b) subject any Lender to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement or any Accommodations made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender in respect thereof, except for (i) Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 9.02 and (ii) the imposition, or any change in the rate, of any Excluded Tax payable by such Lender; or (c) impose on any Lender or the London applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Accommodations made by such Lender; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, or maintaining any Accommodation (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Accommodation), or to increase the cost to such Lender, or to - 110 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then upon request of such Lender, the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (2) Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the applicable Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense (excluding any loss, cost or expense arising from Taxes) incurred by it as a result of: (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Advance other than an ABR Advance on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); (b) any failure by the applicable Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make an Advance) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Advance other than an ABR Advance on the date or in the amount notified by the applicable Borrower; or (c) any assignment of a LIBORTerm SOFR Advance on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the applicable Borrower pursuant to Section 9.03; including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Advance or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Borrower shall not be obligated to compensate any Lender under this Section for any loss of anticipated profits in respect of any of the foregoing. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the applicable Borrower to the Lenders under this Section, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each LIBORTerm SOFR Advance made by it at the Eurodollar Rate excluding the impact of the last sentence of the Eurodollar Rate definition for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such LIBOR Advance was in fact so funded.Term SOFR Reference Rate For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the applicable Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 9.01(2), each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each LIBOR Advance made by it at the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such LIBOR Advance was in fact so funded . (3) Liquidity or Capital Requirements. If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any lending office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if 

- 111 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 any, regarding liquidity or capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s liquidity or capital or on the liquidity or capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Accommodations made by such Lender, to a level below that which such Lender or its holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of its holding company with respect to liquidity or capital adequacy), then from time to time the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or its holding company for any such reduction suffered. (4) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of this Section Additional Compensation ), including a description of the event by reason of which it believes it is entitled to such compensation, and supplying reasonable supporting evidence and reasonable detail of the basis of calculation of the amount or amounts, and delivered to the applicable Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. In the event the Lender subsequently recovers all or part of the Additional Compensation paid by the applicable Borrower, it shall promptly repay an equal amount to the applicable Borrower. The obligation to pay such Additional Compensation for subsequent periods will continue until the earlier of termination of the Accommodation or the Commitment affected by the Change in Law, change in capital or liquidity requirement or the lapse or cessation of the Change in Law giving rise to the initial Additional Compensation. A Lender shall make reasonable efforts to limit the incidence of any such Additional Compensation and seek recovery for the account of the applicable Borrower upon such Borrower s reasonable request at such Borrower s expense, provided such Lender in its reasonable determination suffers no appreciable economic, legal, regulatory or other disadvantage. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, a Lender shall only be entitled to rely upon the provisions of this Section 9.01 if and for so long as it is generally making corresponding demands for similar amounts for similarly situated borrowers pursuant to provisions similar to the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.01 in other loan documents to which such Lender is party. (5) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, except that the applicable Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the applicable Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefore, unless the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, in which case the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. All of the Borrowers obligations under this Section 9.01 shall survive the payment in full of the other obligations hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. - 112 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 9.02 Taxes (1) Payments Subject to Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrowers hereunder or under any Credit Document shall be made free and clear and without reduction or withholding for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that, if any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender is required by Law to deduct or pay any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes in respect of any payment by or on account of any obligation of a Loan Party hereunder or under any other Credit Document, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased by that Loan Party when payable as necessary so that after making or allowing for all required deductions and payments (including deductions and payments applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent or Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or payments been required, (ii) the Loan Party shall make any such deductions required to be made by it under Law and (iii) the Loan Party shall timely pay the full amount required to be deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Law. (2) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers. Without limiting the provisions of paragraph (1) above, the Borrowers shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Law. (3) Indemnification by the Borrowers. The Borrowers shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 15 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in respect of any payment by or on account of any obligation of a Loan Party hereunder or under any other Credit Document and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the applicable Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. In the event the Lender subsequently recovers by obtaining a refund, credit or otherwise, all or part of the payment made under this Section paid by the applicable Borrower, it shall promptly repay an equal amount to the applicable Borrower. A Lender shall make reasonable efforts to limit the incidence of any payments under this Section and seek recovery for the account of the applicable Borrower upon such Borrower s reasonable request at such Borrower s expense, provided such Lender in its reasonable determination suffers no appreciable economic, legal, regulatory or other disadvantage and further provided that nothing in this Section shall require a Lender to disclose any Tax returns of such Lender or any other Tax information which such Lender deems to be confidential. (4) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by a Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, the Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. - 113 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (5) Status of Lenders. Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the applicable Borrower is resident for Tax purposes, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall, at the request of the applicable Borrower, deliver to the applicable Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by Law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Law or reasonably requested by the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to withholding or information reporting requirements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) any Lender that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (b) any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent), but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so, whichever of the following is applicable: (i) executed originals of, as appropriate, Internal Revenue Service IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or any successor forms) claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party; (ii) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor form), or (iii) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; (iv) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) duly completed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or any successor forms); and (v) executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with - 114 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. (6) If a payment made by any Borrower hereunder or under any other Credit Document would be subject to United States federal withholding tax imposed pursuant to FATCA if any Lender fails to comply with applicable reporting and other requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by applicable Law or as reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent, any documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including documentation prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(c)(i) of the Code or such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent for such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA), to determine the amount to withhold or deduct from such payment and to determine that such Lender has complied with such applicable reporting and other requirements of FATCA. (7) For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the Effective Date, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) the Revolving Credit Facility as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i). This section 9.02(7) shall not affect the FATCA status of any other borrowing or facility under this Agreement. (8) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 16.01(8) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Credit Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Credit Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (8). All of the Borrowers obligations under this Section 9.02 shall survive the payment in full of the other obligations hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. 

- 115 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 9.03 Mitigation Obligations: Replacement of Lenders (1) Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 9.01, or requires the applicable Borrower to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 9.02, then such Lender shall (at the request of the applicable Borrower) use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Accommodations hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender (with the prior consent of the applicable Borrower), such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 9.01 or 9.02, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The applicable Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. (2) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 9.01, if the applicable Borrower is required to pay any material additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 9.02, if any Lender s obligations are suspended pursuant to Section 9.04, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or if any Lender defaults in its obligation to fund Accommodations hereunder, then the applicable Borrower may either, at its sole expense and effort, upon 10 days notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent (i) repay all outstanding amounts due to such affected Lender (or such portion which has not been acquired pursuant to clause (ii) below) and thereupon such Commitment of the affected Lender shall be permanently cancelled and the aggregate Commitment shall be permanently reduced by the same amount and the Commitment of each of the other Lenders shall remain the same; or (a) require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 16.01), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Credit Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: (b) (a) The applicable Borrower pays the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 16.01(2)(e); (c) (b) the assigning Lender receives payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Accommodations Outstanding and participations in disbursements under Documentary Credits, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Credit Documents (including any breakage costs and amounts required to be paid under this Agreement as a result of prepayment to a Lender) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the applicable Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); (d) (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 9.01 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 9.02, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and (e) (d) such assignment does not conflict with Law. - 116 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the applicable Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Section 9.04 Illegality; Inability to Determine Rates (1) If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make or maintain any Accommodations, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon any particular rate (other than any applicable default rate to the extent the same is not chargeable under Law) or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits as U.S. Dollars in the London interbank market (other than any applicable default rate to the extent the same is not chargeable under Law), then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the applicable Borrower through the Administrative Agent, any obligation of such Lender with respect to the activity that is unlawful shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the applicable Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if conversion would avoid the activity that is unlawful, convert any Accommodations, or take any necessary steps with respect to any Documentary Credit in order to avoid the activity that is unlawful. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the applicable Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. Each Lender agrees to designate a different lending office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. If any Lender determines, acting reasonably, that any applicable Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender to hold or benefit from an Encumbrance over real property pursuant to any Law of the United States or any state thereof, such Lender may notify the Administrative Agent and disclaim any benefit of such security interest to the extent of such illegality; provided, that such determination or disclaimer shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such Encumbrance for the benefit of any other Lender. (2) If the Majority Lenders or Administrative Agent determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a LIBOR Advance or a conversion to or continuation thereof that (a) U.S. Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such LIBOR Advance, (b) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed LIBOR Advance, or (c) the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed LIBOR Advance does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent - 117 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 will promptly so notify the applicable Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain LIBOR Advances shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Majority Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the applicable Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of LIBOR Advances or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of ABR Advances in the amount specified therein. (3) ARTICLE 10 RIGHT OF SETOFF Section 10.01 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, each of the Lenders and each of their respective Affiliates hereby authorized at any time and from time to time to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all of the Obligations of the applicable Borrower or any Guarantor now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Credit Document to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender has made any demand under this Agreement or any other Credit Document and although such Obligations of the Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.13 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Documentary Credit Lender, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each Documentary Credit Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff, consolidation of accounts and bankers lien) that such Lender, such Documentary Credit Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to promptly notify the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application, but the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. If any Affiliate of a Lender exercises any rights under this Section 10.01, it shall share the benefit received in accordance with Section 11.01 as if the benefit had been received by the Lender of which it is an Affiliate. - 118 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 ARTICLE 11 SHARING OF PAYMENTS BY LENDERS Section 11.01 Sharing of Payments by Lenders (1) If any Lender, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtains any payment or other reduction that might result in such Lender receiving payment or other reduction of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Accommodations and accrued interest thereon or other obligations under a Facility greater than its pro rata share of such Facility as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such payment or other reduction shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Accommodations Outstanding and such other obligations of the other Lenders under such Facility, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Accommodations Outstanding and other amounts owing them under such Facility, provided that: (a) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; (b) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by any Loan Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Accommodations or participations in disbursements under Documentary Credits to any assignee or participant, other than to any Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply); and (c) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (w) any payment made while no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in respect of obligations of the applicable Borrower to such Lender that do not arise under or in connection with the Credit Documents, (x) any payment made in respect of an obligation that is secured by a Permitted Encumbrance or that is otherwise entitled to priority over the applicable Borrower s Obligations under or in connection with the Credit Documents, (y) any reduction arising from an amount owing to a Loan Party upon the termination of derivatives entered into between the Loan Party and such Lender, or (z) any payment to which such Lender is entitled as a result of any form of credit protection obtained by such Lender. (2) The Loan Parties consent to the foregoing and agree, to the extent they may effectively do so under Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against each Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim and similar rights of Lenders with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of each Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 

- 119 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 ARTICLE 12 ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S CLAWBACK Section 12.01 Administrative Agent s Claw back (1) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any advance of funds that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such advance, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement concerning funding by Lenders and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable advance available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the applicable Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with prevailing banking industry practice on interbank compensation. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Accommodation included in such advance. If the Lender does not do so forthwith, the applicable Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on written demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon at the interest rate applicable to the advance in question. Any payment by the applicable Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the applicable Borrower may have against a Lender that has failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. (2) Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the applicable Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Lender hereunder that the applicable Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the applicable Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute the amount due to the Lenders. In such event, if the applicable Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with prevailing banking industry practice on interbank compensation. ARTICLE 13 AGENCY Section 13.01 Appointment and Authority (1) (a) Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints (and confirms the prior existing appointment of) the Administrative Agent to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Credit Documents and authorizes (and confirms the prior existing authorization of) the - 120 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. (b) The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders hereby further irrevocably appoints (and confirms the prior existing appointment of) Barclays Bank PLC to act on its behalf as a Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Credit Documents and authorizes (and confirms the prior existing authorization of) the Collateral Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, including acting as the agent of the Lenders for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Encumbrances on Collateral, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Collateral Agent shall act on behalf of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article 13 with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Collateral Agent in connection with its activities in such capacity as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in this Article 13 included the Collateral Agent with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to the Collateral Agent. (2) (2) Without prejudice to the foregoing, each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints each of the Administrative Agent (and any successor acting as Administrative Agent) and the Collateral Agent (and any successor acting as the Collateral Agent) to, as part of its duties as Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent, act, individually or collectively, as the hypothecary representative (within the meaning of Article 2692 of the Civil Code of Qu bec) for all present and future creditors of the Secured Obligations (in such capacity, the Attorney to take and to hold on their behalf, and for their benefit, any hypothec granted pursuant to the laws of the Province of Quebec by any Loan Party, and to exercise such powers and duties which are conferred upon the Attorney under any such hypothec. For certainty, in acting as hypothecary representative, the Attorney shall benefit from and be subject to all provisions hereof with respect to the Attorney mutatis mutandis, including all such provisions with respect to the liability or responsibility to and indemnification by the Lenders. In the event of the resignation of the Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent and the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent, such successor Administrative Agent and/or Collateral Agent shall also act as successor hypothecary representative without any further act or formality. Section 13.02 Rights as a Lender The Persons serving as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, respectively, and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context - 121 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 otherwise requires, include the Persons serving as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent and without any duty to account to the Lenders. Section 13.03 Exculpatory Provisions (1) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Credit Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent: (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Credit Documents that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for in the Credit Documents), but the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, to liability or that is contrary to any Credit Document or Law; and (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Credit Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrowers or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. (2) The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as is necessary, or as the Administrative Agent believes in good faith is necessary, under the provisions of the Credit Documents) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or wilful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final non-appealable judgment. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing the Default is given to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, by any Loan Party or a Lender. (3) Except as otherwise expressly specified in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered - 122 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition specified in this Agreement, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable. (4) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Credit Document, any duty, role, responsibility, action or inaction contemplated or required on the part of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in any Credit Document is expressly subject to the terms and conditions of (i) the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) the intercreditor agreement contemplated by clause (o) of the definition of Permitted Debt and Barclays Bank PLC, in its capacity as an intercreditor agent thereunder, (a) shall be entitled to the rights, powers, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities provided and afforded to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent in any Credit Document and (b) is intended to be a third party beneficiary of this Section 13.03(4) with full rights and powers to enforce this Section 13.03(4) as if a party hereto. Section 13.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Accommodation that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Accommodation or the issuance of such Documentary Credit. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. Section 13.05 Indemnification of Agents Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata, and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities to the extent determined 

- 123 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Agent-Related Person s own gross negligence or wilful misconduct; provided, however, that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Majority Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or wilful misconduct for purposes of this Section 13.05; and provided, further, that to the extent any Documentary Credit Lender is entitled to indemnification under this Section 13.05 solely in its capacity and role as Documentary Credit Lender, only the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be required to indemnify such Documentary Credit Lender in accordance with this Section 13.05. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 13.05 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person regardless of whether any Indemnified Person is a party to such investigation, litigation or proceeding. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including the fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Credit Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the applicable Borrower. The undertaking in this Section 13.05 shall survive termination of the Commitments, the payment of all other Accommodations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable. Section 13.06 Delegation of Duties The Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Credit Document by or through any one or more sub-Administrative Agents or sub-Collateral Agents appointed by the Administrative Agent from among the Lenders (including the Persons serving as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent) and their respective Affiliates. The Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and any such sub-Administrative Agent or sub-Collateral Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The provisions of this Article and other provisions of this Agreement for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall apply to any such sub-Administrative Agent or sub-Collateral Agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and any such sub-Administrative Agent or sub-Collateral Agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-Administrative Agent or sub-Collateral Agent that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined in the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). - 124 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 13.07 Replacement of Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (1) The Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may resign at any time upon 30 days notice to the Lenders and the Borrowers. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Majority Lenders shall have the right, with the prior consent of Open Text (except during the occurrence or continuation of an Event of Default, during which no consent shall be required), to appoint a successor, which, in the case of the Administrative Agent, shall be a Lender having a Revolving Credit Commitment and having an office in Toronto, Ontario or an Affiliate of any such Lender with an office in Toronto. (2) If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent or the retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent or the retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, may, but shall not be required to, with the prior consent of Open Text (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent or successor Collateral Agent, respectively, meeting the qualifications specified in Section 13.07(1), provided that if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall notify Open Text and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent or the retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Credit Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Credit Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent or the retiring Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent or successor Collateral Agent, respectively, is appointed) and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Majority Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent or the successor Collateral Agent, respectively, as provided for above in the preceding paragraph. Upon a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder, as applicable, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the former Administrative Agent or the former Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the former Administrative Agent or the former Collateral Agent, respectively, shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Credit Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided in the preceding paragraph). The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Administrative Agent or successor Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrowers and such successor. After the termination of the service of the former Administrative Agent or former Collateral Agent, as applicable, the provisions of this Article 13 and of Article 15 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such former Administrative Agent or former Collateral Agent, its sub-Administrative Agents or sub-Collateral Agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the former Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, was acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, respectively. - 125 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 13.08 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agents or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agents or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Section 13.09 Collective Action of the Lenders Each of the Lenders hereby acknowledges that to the extent permitted by Law, any collateral security and the remedies provided under the Credit Documents to the Lenders are for the benefit of the Lenders (including the Cash Management Banks and Hedge Lenders) collectively and acting together and not severally and further acknowledges that its rights hereunder and under any collateral security are to be exercised not severally, but by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent upon the decision of the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for in the Credit Documents). Accordingly, notwithstanding any of the provisions contained herein or in any collateral security, each of the Lenders hereby covenants and agrees that it shall not be entitled to take any action hereunder or thereunder including any declaration of default hereunder or thereunder but that any such action shall be taken only by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent with the prior written agreement of the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for in the Credit Documents). Each of the Lenders hereby further covenants and agrees that upon any such written agreement being given, it shall co-operate fully with the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the absence of instructions from the Lenders and where in the sole opinion of the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably and in good faith, the exigencies of the situation warrant such action, the Administrative Agent may without notice to or consent of the Lenders take such action (or direct the Collateral Agent to take such action) on behalf of the Lenders as it deems appropriate or desirable in the interest of the Lenders. Section 13.10 No Other Duties, etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Lead Arranger or holders of similar titles, if any, specified in this Agreement shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender hereunder. Section 13.11 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Borrowing or - 126 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Documentary Credit obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Borrowings or Documentary Credit Borrowings and all other Obligations hereunder that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Documentary Credit Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Documentary Credit Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Documentary Credit Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.08, 2.09, 3.05 and 15.01) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Collateral Agent and the Lenders and the Documentary Credit Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.08, 2.09, 3.05 and 15.01. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Documentary Credit Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the obligations hereunder or the rights of any Lender or any Documentary Credit Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Documentary Credit Lender in any such proceeding. Section 13.12 Certain ERISA Matters (1) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: (a) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Accommodations or the Commitments, 

- 127 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (b) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement, (c) (i) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (ii) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement, (iii) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (iv) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (d) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. (2) In addition, unless sub-clause (a) in the immediately preceding clause (1) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (d) in the immediately preceding clause (1), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that: (a) none of the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Credit Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto), (b) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least 50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E), - 128 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (c) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations), (d) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and (e) no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent or the Lead Arranger or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Accommodations, the Commitments or this Agreement. (3) The Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Accommodations, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Accommodations or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Accommodations or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Credit Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. ARTICLE 14 NOTICES: EFFECTIVENESS; ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION Section 14.01 Notices, etc. (1) Notices Generally. Except as provided in paragraph (2) below, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier to the addresses or telecopier numbers specified elsewhere in this Agreement or, if to a Lender, to it at its address or telecopier number specified in the Register or, if to a Loan Party other than Open Text, in care of Open Text. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not - 129 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 given on a Business Day between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. local time where the recipient is located, shall be deemed to have been given at 9:00 a.m. on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (2) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (2). (2) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites, including SyndTrak) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of the use of any web platform (such as SyndTrak) reasonably acceptable to Open Text, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (b) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. The Borrowers hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Lead Arranger will make available to the Lenders and the Documentary Credit Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on SyndTrak or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrowers or their Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. Each Borrower hereby agrees that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (w) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger, - 130 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Documentary Credit Lenders and the Lenders to treat the Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to such Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute information governed by Section 21.01, they shall be treated as set forth therein); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information; and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT-RELATED PERSONS DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT-RELATED PERSON IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall any Agent-Related Person have any liability to the Borrowers, any Lender, any Documentary Credit Lender or any other Person or entity for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Platform, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of such Agent-Related Person; provided that in no event shall any Agent-Related Person have any liability to the Borrowers, any Lender, any Documentary Credit Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential damages or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). (3) Change of Address, Etc. Each Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arranger may change its address or telecopier number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto and each Lender hereto may change its address or telecopier number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrowers and Administrative Agent. 

- 131 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 ARTICLE 15 EXPENSES; INDEMNITY: DAMAGE WAIVER Section 15.01 Expenses; Indemnity: Damage Waiver (1) Costs and Expenses. Each Loan Party shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (limited to one U.S. counsel, one Canadian counsel and appropriate local counsel and in the case of any actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel to each affected Indemnitee and its related persons in each of Canada and the United States and, if necessary, appropriate local counsel), in connection with the syndication of the Revolving Credit Facility provided for herein and the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents or of any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Accommodations issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Accommodations. Except as expressly provided in this Section 15.01(1) or as otherwise provided in this Agreement, none of the Loan Parties shall be obligated to pay any out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arranger, the Lenders or any Related Person of the foregoing Persons. (2) Indemnification by the Loan Parties. Subject to the limitations contained in Section 15.01(1), each Loan Party shall indemnify, jointly and severally, each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arranger, each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable costs and fees of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance or non-performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation or non-consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Accommodation or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Documentary Credit Lender to honour a demand for payment under a Documentary Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Documentary Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Substances on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party, or any Environmental Liabilities related in any way to any Loan Party, or (iv) any actual claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by a Loan Party and regardless of - 132 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (the foregoing collectively being the Indemnified Liabilities ), provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 15.01(2) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses arising from any non-Tax Indemnified Liability. (3) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that a Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under paragraph (1) or (2) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-Administrative Agent thereof), the Collateral Agent (or any sub-Collateral Agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-Administrative Agent), the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-Collateral Agent) or such Related Party, such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-Administrative Agent) or the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-Collateral Agent), as applicable, in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-Administrative Agent) or the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-Collateral Agent), as applicable, in connection with such capacity. (4) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for indirect, consequential, punitive, aggravated or exemplary damages (as opposed to direct damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby (or any breach thereof), the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Accommodation or the use of the proceeds thereof. (5) Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after demand therefor. A certificate of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts owing to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, Lender or a sub-Administrative Agent, a sub-Collateral Agent or Related Party, as the case may be, as specified in this Section, including reasonable detail of the basis of calculation of the amount or amounts, and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. All of the Loan Parties Obligations under this Section 15.01 shall survive the payment in full of the other Obligations hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. ARTICLE 16 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS Section 16.01 Successors and Assigns (1) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns - 133 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (2) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (6) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (8) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (6) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (2) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Accommodations Outstanding at the time owing to it); provided that: (a) except if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Accommodations Outstanding at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment being assigned (which for this purpose includes Accommodations Outstanding hereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Accommodations Outstanding of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than U.S. 5,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the applicable Borrower otherwise consents to a lower amount (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); (b) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Accommodations Outstanding or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause Section 16.01(2)(b) shall not prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate credits on a non-pro rata basis; (c) any assignment of a Revolving Credit Commitment must be approved by the Documentary Credit Lenders (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless the Person that is the proposed assignee is itself already a Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment; (d) any assignment must be approved by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) unless the proposed assignee is itself already a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; - 134 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (e) any assignment must be approved by each applicable Borrower, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (provided that the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after having received notice thereof), unless the proposed assignee is itself already a Lender with the same type of Commitment or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and if the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of U.S. 3,500 (other than in the case of multiple contemporaneous assignments by a Lender to affiliate funds or Approved Funds, in which case only one such fee shall be payable), which fee shall not be for the account of the Loan Parties, and the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire; and (f) in connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Advances previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), and to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Advances and participations in Documentary Credits and Swing Line Advances in accordance with its pro rata share; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (3) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement with respect to the interest assigned and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, including any collateral security, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Article 9 and Article 15, and shall continue to be liable for any breach of this Agreement by such Lender, with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any payment by an assignee to an assigning Lender in connection with an assignment 

- 135 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 or transfer shall not be or be deemed to be a repayment by any Borrower or a new Accommodation to any Borrower. (3) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices in New York, New York a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Accommodations Outstanding owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers or any Lender (but, only in the case of a Lender, at the Administrative Agent s office and with respect to any entry relating to such Lender s Commitments, Advances, Documentary Credit obligations and their Obligations), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon written request by Open Text, the Administrative Agent shall deliver a copy of the Register to Open Text within 5 Business Days after any such request. (4) Limitations upon Assignee Rights. Except in the case of an assignment made during the continuance of an Event of Default, no assignee shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 9.01 and 9.02 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the Commitments and Accommodations assigned to such assignee, unless such assignment is made with each applicable Borrower s prior written consent. (5) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, a Loan Party or any Affiliate of a Loan Party) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Accommodations Outstanding owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in clause (2) of Section 17.01 that directly affects such Participant. Any payment by a Participant to a Lender in connection with a sale of a participation shall not be or be deemed to be a repayment by any Borrower or a new Accommodation to any Borrower. Subject to paragraph (7) of this Section, and to the extent permitted by Law, each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Article 9 to the same extent as if it - 136 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (2) of this Section, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Article 11 as though it were a Lender. (6) Limitations upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 9.01 and 9.02, and in respect of any breakage costs payable hereunder, than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with each applicable Borrower s prior written consent. (7) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (8) Participant Register. The applicable Lender, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of each Borrower (solely for tax purposes), shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant, and the amount of each such Participant s interest in such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register ). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of the applicable rights and/or obligations of such Lender under this Agreement. No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Credit Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. ARTICLE 17 AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS Section 17.01 Amendments and Waivers (1) Subject to Sections 17.01(2), (3) and (7) (in which cases, for clarification, those subsections shall exclusively apply and this subsection shall not apply), no acceptance, amendment or waiver of any provision of any of the Credit Documents, nor consent to any departure by the Borrowers or any other Person from such provisions, shall be effective unless in writing and approved by the Majority Lenders. Any acceptance, amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given. (2) Only written acceptances, amendments, waivers or consents signed by all affected Lenders shall (i) increase a Lender s Commitment or subject any Lender to any additional obligation; (ii) reduce the principal or amount of, or (except as set forth in Section 3.04(3)) - 137 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 interest on, directly or indirectly, any Accommodation Outstanding or any Fees; (iii) postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Accommodation Outstanding or any Fees; (iv) change the percentage of the Commitments or the number or percentage of Lenders required for the Lenders, or any of them, or the Administrative Agent to take any action; (v) other than in connection with a Disposition permitted hereunder or where the Minimum Guarantor Coverage is complied with after giving effect to such termination or release, permit any termination of any of the guarantees required hereunder or the Security Documents or release any of the guarantees or the Collateral subject to the Security Documents; (vi) change the definition of Majority Lenders; (vii) amend Section 2.10; (viii) amend this Section 17.01(2); or (ix) amend the definition of Interest Period so as to permit intervals in excess of six months without regard to the availability of all affected Lenders. (3) Only written acceptances, amendments, waivers or consents signed by the Administrative Agent, in addition to the Majority Lenders, shall affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under the Credit Documents. (4) Only written acceptances, amendments, waivers or consents signed by the Documentary Credit Lenders or Swing Line Lenders, as the case may be, in addition to the Majority Lenders, shall affect the rights or duties of such Lenders in their capacities as Documentary Credit Lenders or Swing Line Lenders, respectively, under the Credit Documents. (5) No Defaulting Lender or Affiliate thereof shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders or Affiliates thereof), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender or Affiliate may not be increased or extended, the maturity of any of its Advances may not be extended, the rate of interest on any of its Advances may not, except as set forth in Section 3.04(3), be reduced and the principal amount of any of its Borrowings may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender or Affiliate in its capacity as a Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender or Affiliate. (6) In the event that any Lender (a Non-Consenting Lender fails to consent to any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof or of any other Credit Document that requires the unanimous approval of all of the Lenders or the approval of all of the Lenders directly affected thereby, in each case in accordance with the terms of this Section, the Borrowers shall be permitted to replace such Non-Consenting Lender with a replacement financial institution satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, so long as the consent of the Majority Lenders shall have been obtained with respect to such amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent; provided that (i) such replacement does not conflict with any Law, (ii) the replacement financial institution shall purchase, at par, all Accommodations and other amounts owing to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to the Credit Documents on or prior to the date of replacement, (iii) the replacement financial institution shall approve the proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent, (iv) the - 138 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Borrowers shall be liable to the Non-Consenting Lender for any breakage costs if any LIBORSOFR Advance owing to the Non-Consenting Lender shall be purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto, (v) the Non-Consenting Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the provisions of Section 16.01 (provided that the Borrowers shall be obligated to pay the registration and processing fee referred to in Section 16.01(2)(e)), (vi) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the Borrowers shall pay to the Non-Consenting Lender all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Article 10, as the case may be, (vii) the Borrowers shall provide at least three (3) Business Days prior notice to the Non-Consenting Lender, and (viii) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the Non-Consenting Lender. In the event any Non-Consenting Lender fails to execute the agreements required under Section 16.01 in connection with an assignment pursuant to this Section, the Borrowers may, upon two (2) Business Days prior notice to the Non-Consenting Lender, execute such agreements on behalf of the Non-Consenting Lender, and each such Lender hereby grants to the Borrowers (and to any of them) an irrevocable power of attorney (which shall be coupled with an interest) for such purpose. (7) Only written acceptances, amendments, waivers or consents signed by the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, in addition to the Majority Lenders, shall affect the rights or duties of the Collateral Agent under the Credit Documents. (8) Reserved. (9) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 17.01, if at any time after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall have jointly identified an obvious error or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature, in each case, in any provision of the Credit Documents, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers shall be permitted to amend such provision and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Credit Document. (10) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 17.01, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may, without consent of any other Lender, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of Section 2.01(4), including any amendments necessary to establish Commitments made by a new tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments and such other technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new tranche, in each case on terms consistent with Section 2.01(4). Section 17.02 Judgment Currency. (1) If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due to a Lender in any currency (the Original Currency into another currency (the Other Currency ), the parties agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, such 

- 139 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Lender could purchase the Original Currency with the Other Currency on the Business Day preceding the day on which final judgment is given or, if permitted by Law, on the day on which the judgment is paid or satisfied. (2) The obligations of the Borrowers in respect of any sum due in the Original Currency from it to any Lender under any of the Credit Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in any Other Currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Lender of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Other Currency, the Lender may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase the Original Currency with such Other Currency. If the amount of the Original Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Lender in the Original Currency, the Borrowers agree, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding the judgment, to indemnify the Lender, against any loss, and, if the amount of the Original Currency so purchased exceeds the sum originally due to the Lender in the Original Currency, the Lender shall remit such excess to the applicable Borrower. Section 17.03 Releases. Upon the Disposition of any item of Collateral of any Loan Party in accordance with the terms of the Credit Documents, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent will, at the applicable Loan Party s expense, execute and deliver to such Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the Encumbrances granted under the Security Documents in accordance with the terms of the Credit Documents, and, in the case of any Disposition involving the sale of any Guarantor (to the extent permitted by the Credit Documents), a release of such Loan Party from its obligations under the Guarantee and all other Credit Documents to which it is bound or subject. ARTICLE 18 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; ETC. Section 18.01 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. (1) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable in that Province. (2) Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Credit Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. - 140 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (3) Waiver of Venue. Each Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document in any court referred to in paragraph (2) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the defence of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. ARTICLE 19 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL Section 19.01 Waiver of Jury Trial EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. ARTICLE 20 MISCELLANEOUS Section 20.01 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution (1) Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective pursuant to Section 25.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement when the conditions in Section 5.01 of this Agreement have been satisfied. (2) Electronic Execution of Assignments. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based record keeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Law, including Parts 2 and 3 of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada), the Electronic Commerce Act, 2000 (Ontario) and other similar federal or provincial laws based on the Uniform Electronic Commerce Act of the Uniform Law Conference of Canada or its Uniform Electronic Evidence Act, as the case may be. - 141 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 20.02 Severability If any provision of this Agreement or the other Credit Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 20.02, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Law, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or the Documentary Credit Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. Section 20.03 Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to the Administrative Agent, to the Documentary Credit Lender or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, Documentary Credit Lender or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such Documentary Credit Lender or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (4) each Lender and Documentary Credit Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and Documentary Credit Lender under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. Section 20.04 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative; Enforcement. No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Documentary Credit Lender or any Lender in exercising any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, remedy, power or privilege, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right remedy, power or privilege, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies remedy, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent, the Documentary Credit Lenders and the Lenders hereunder and under the Credit Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers or privileges that any such Person would otherwise have. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Credit Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Credit Documents against - 142 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 the Borrowers shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Article 13 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the Documentary Credit Lenders; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, (a) each Documentary Credit Lender or each Swing Line Lender from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as a Documentary Credit Lender or a Swing Line Lender, as applicable) hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.01 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13) or (iv) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Borrowers under any Debtor Relief Law; provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Credit Documents, then (x) the Majority Lenders shall have the rights otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 13.01 and (y) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (ii), and (iii) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Majority Lenders, enforce any rights or remedies available to it and as authorized by the Majority Lenders. Section 20.05 Affiliate Activities. The Borrowers acknowledge that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arranger (and each of their respective Affiliates) is a full service securities firm engaged, either directly or through affiliates, in various activities, including securities trading, investment banking and financial advisory, investment management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities and financial planning and benefits counseling for both companies and individuals. In the ordinary course of these activities, it may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and/or financial instruments (including bank loans) for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and may at any time hold long and short positions in such securities and/or instruments. Such investment and other activities may involve securities and instruments of the Borrowers and their respective affiliates, as well as of other entities and persons and their Affiliates which may (i) be involved in transactions arising from or relating to the engagement contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents (ii) be customers or competitors of the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates, or (iii) have other relationships with the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates. In addition, it may provide investment banking, underwriting and financial advisory services to such other entities and persons. It may also co-invest with, make direct investments in, and invest or co-invest client monies in or with funds or other investment vehicles managed by other parties, and such funds or other investment vehicles may trade or make investments in securities of the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates or such other entities. The transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents may have a direct or indirect impact on the investments, securities or instruments referred to in this paragraph. 

- 143 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 20.06 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Credit Document), each of the Borrowers acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges and agrees that it has informed its other Affiliates, that: (i) (A) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between any of the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries and the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lead Arranger is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents, irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lead Arranger has advised or is advising any of the Borrowers their respective Subsidiaries on other matters, (B) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arranger are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arranger, on the other hand, (C) each of the Borrowers has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (D) each of the Borrowers is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Credit Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Arranger each are and have been acting solely as principal and, except as may otherwise be expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lead Arranger has any obligation to the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Credit Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent nor any Lead Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests and transactions to the Borrowers or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, each of the Borrowers hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and Lead Arranger with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. Section 20.07 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Credit Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and - 144 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. Section 20.08 Acknowledgment Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Credit Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Hedging Agreement or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Credit Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of Ontario and/or of Canada or any other province of Canada, the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Credit Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Credit Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. - 145 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 ARTICLE 21 TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INFORMATION: CONFIDENTIALITY Section 21.01 Treatment of Certain Information: Confidentiality (1) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to it, its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and representatives (in each of the foregoing cases, to the extent necessary to administer or enforce this Agreement and the other Credit Documents) (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential; provided that the Administrative Agent or any such Lender shall be responsible for compliance with this Section 21.01(1) by any of its Controlled Affiliates or its or any such Controlled Affiliates directors, officers or employees to the extent that any such Controlled Affiliate or its or any such Controlled Affiliates directors, officers or employees receives any Information), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority), (c) to the extent required by Laws or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Credit Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap, derivative, credit-linked note or similar transaction relating to any Borrower and its obligations, or (iii) any actual or prospective provider of cash management services to any Loan Party, (g) (i) to a Person that is an investor or prospective investor in a Securitization that agrees that its access to information regarding the Loan Parties and the Accommodations is solely for purposes of evaluating an investment in such Securitization and who agrees to otherwise be bound by the provisions of this clause (1), (ii) to a Person that is a trustee, collateral manager, servicer, noteholder or secured party in a Securitization in connection with the administration, servicing and reporting on the assets serving as collateral for such Securitization and who agrees to otherwise be bound by the provisions of this clause (1); (iii) to a nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information regarding the Loan Parties, the Accommodations and Credit Documents in connection with ratings issued with respect to a securitization facility collateralized, in part, by the Accommodations (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and shall agree to keep such Information confidential on the terms set forth in this clause (1)); (h) with the prior written consent of the applicable Borrower or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section by such Person or actually known to such Person or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than a Loan Party. If the Administrative Agent or any Lender is requested or required to disclose any Information (other than by any bank examiner) pursuant to or as required by Laws or by a subpoena or similar legal process, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable, shall, if practicable and unless prohibited by Law, use its reasonable commercial efforts to provide the applicable Borrower with notice of such requests or - 146 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 obligation in sufficient time so that the applicable Borrower may seek an appropriate protective order or waive the Administrative Agent s, or such Lender s, as applicable, compliance with the provisions of this Section, and the Administrative Agent and such Lender, as applicable, shall, to the extent reasonable, co-operate with the applicable Borrower in such Borrower obtaining any such protective order. (2) For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from any Loan Party relating to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to such receipt or that was already in the possession of the Administrative Agent or any Lender prior to such receipt. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information in accordance with its internal policies. In addition, the Administrative Agent may disclose to any agency or organization that assigns standard identification numbers to loan facilities such basic information describing the facilities provided hereunder as is necessary to assign unique identifiers (and, if requested, supply a copy of this Agreement), it being understood that the Person to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to make available to the public only such Information as such Person normally makes available in the course of its business of assigning identification numbers. (3) In addition, and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent may provide to Loan Pricing Corporation and/or other recognized trade publishers information concerning the Borrowers and the Revolving Credit Facility established herein of the nature customarily provided to Loan Pricing Corporation and/or other recognized trade publishers of such information for general circulation in the loan market. (4) Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrowers, which information includes the names and addresses of the Borrowers and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrowers in accordance with the Act. ARTICLE 22 GUARANTEE Section 22.01 Guarantee. To induce the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders to execute and deliver this Agreement and to make or maintain the Accommodations, and in consideration thereof, each Guarantor hereby, jointly and severally, and irrevocably and unconditionally, guarantees to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the Cash Management Banks and the Hedge Lenders (the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the Cash Management Banks and the Hedge Lenders are collectively, the Guaranteed Parties and each 

- 147 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 a Guaranteed Party ), due and punctual payment and performance to the Guaranteed Parties upon written demand made in accordance with the terms of this Agreement of all debts, liabilities and obligations of or owing (a) by each Borrower under this Agreement or any other Credit Document and (b) by any other Loan Party under any Eligible Cash Management Agreement or any Eligible Hedging Agreement, in each case, to any Guaranteed Party at any time, present and future, direct or indirect, absolute and contingent, matured or not, and all amendments, restatements, renewals, extensions or supplements and continuations thereof, and whether as principal or surety, and including all liabilities of each Borrower arising as a consequence of its failure to pay or fulfil any of such debts, liabilities and obligations, excluding for all purposes of the foregoing for each Guarantor, all Hedging Obligations that constitute Excluded Hedging Obligations for such Guarantor (collectively, the Guaranteed Obligations or the Secured Obligations ). Each Guarantor which is incorporated or formed under the laws of a jurisdiction located within the United States, and by its acceptance of this Guarantee, the Administrative Agent and each Lender, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Guarantee and the Obligations of such Guarantor hereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of U.S. bankruptcy laws, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to this Guarantee and the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and such Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor under this Guarantee at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will not result in the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor under this guarantee constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance. Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that in the event any payment shall be required to be made to any Lender under this Guarantee or any other guarantee, such Guarantor will contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by Law, such amounts to each other Guarantor and each other guarantor so as to maximize the aggregate amount paid to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of the Credit Documents. Section 22.02 Indemnity. In addition to the guarantee specified in Section 22.01, each Guarantor agrees to, jointly and severally, indemnify and save each Guaranteed Party harmless from and against all costs, losses, expenses and damages it may suffer as a result or consequence of any Borrower s default in the performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, any of the Guaranteed Obligations being or becoming void, voidable or unenforceable or ineffective against any Borrower, or any inability by any Guaranteed Party to recover the ultimate balance due or remaining unpaid to such Guaranteed Party in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including reasonable legal fees incurred by or on behalf of any Guaranteed Party resulting from any action instituted on the basis of this Guarantee, provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Guaranteed Party, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of such Guaranteed Party. - 148 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 22.03 Payment and Performance. (1) If any Borrower fails or refuses to punctually make any payment or perform its Guaranteed Obligations, each Guarantor shall unconditionally render any such payment or performance upon demand in accordance with the terms of this Guarantee. (2) Nothing but payment and satisfaction in full of the Guaranteed Obligations shall release any Guarantor from its obligations under this Guarantee, except for the disposition of such Guarantor in a transaction permitted by this Agreement. Section 22.04 Continuing Obligation. The only condition (and no other document, proof or action other than as specifically provided in this Guarantee is) necessary as a condition of each Guarantor honouring its obligations under this Guarantee shall be a written demand by the Administrative Agent following the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing. This Guarantee shall be a continuing guarantee, shall cover all the Guaranteed Obligations, and shall apply to and secure any ultimate balance due or remaining unpaid to any Guaranteed Party. This Guarantee shall continue to be binding regardless of: (1) whether any other Person or Persons (an Additional Guarantor shall become in any other way responsible to any Guaranteed Party for, or in respect of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; (2) whether any such Additional Guarantor shall cease to be so liable; (3) the enforceability, validity, perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection of any security interest securing the Guaranteed Obligations, or the validity or enforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (4) whether any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations has been made and where such payment is rescinded or must otherwise be returned upon the occurrence of any action or event, including the insolvency or bankruptcy of any Loan Party or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. Section 22.05 Guarantee Unaffected. This Guarantee shall not be determined or affected, or the Guaranteed Parties rights under this Guarantee prejudiced by, the termination of any Guaranteed Obligations by operation of law or otherwise, including the bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation of any Loan Party, any change in the name, business, powers, capital structure, constitution, objects, organization, directors or management of any Loan Party, with respect to transactions occurring either before or after such change. This Guarantee is to extend to the liabilities of the Person or Persons for the time being and from time to time carrying on the business now carried on by any Loan Party, notwithstanding any reorganization of any Loan Party or any Additional Guarantor or the amalgamation of any Loan Party or any Additional Guarantor with one or more other corporations (in this case, this Guarantee shall extend to the liabilities of the resulting corporation and the terms Guarantor and Additional Guarantor shall include such - 149 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 resulting corporation) or any sale or disposal of any Loan Party s or the Additional Guarantor s business in whole or in part to one or more other Persons and all of such liabilities shall be included in the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor agrees that the manner in which the Guaranteed Parties may now or subsequently deal with any other Loan Party or any Additional Guarantor or any security (or any collateral subject to the security) or other guarantee in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations shall have no effect on any Guarantor s continuing liability under this Guarantee and such Guarantor irrevocably waives any rights it may have in respect of any of the above. Section 22.06 Waivers. Each Guarantor waives each of the following, to the fullest extent permitted by Law: (1) any defence based upon: (a) the unenforceability or invalidity of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any security or other guarantee for the Guaranteed Obligations or any failure of any Guaranteed Party to take proper care or act in a commercially reasonable manner in respect of any security for the Guaranteed Obligations or any collateral subject to the security, including in respect of any disposition of the Collateral or any set-off of any Loan Party s bank deposits against the Guaranteed Obligations; (b) any act or omission of a Loan Party or any other Person, including the Guaranteed Parties, that directly or indirectly results in the discharge or release of a Loan Party or any other Person or any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for the Guaranteed Obligations; or (c) any Guaranteed Party s present or future method of dealing with any Loan Party, any Additional Guarantor or any security (or any collateral subject to the security) or other guarantee for the Guaranteed Obligations; (2) any right (whether now or hereafter existing) to require any Guaranteed Party, as a condition to the enforcement of this Guarantee including any indemnity provided for herein: (a) to accelerate any of the Guaranteed Obligations or proceed and exhaust any recourse against a Loan Party or any other Person; (b) to realize on any security that it holds; (c) to marshall the assets of such Guarantor or any other Loan Party; or (d) to pursue any other remedy that such Guarantor may not be able to pursue itself and that might limit or reduce such Guarantor s burden; (3) presentment, demand, protest and notice of any kind including notices of default and notice of acceptance of this Guarantee; (4) all suretyship defences and rights of every nature otherwise available under Ontario law and the laws of any other jurisdiction; and - 150 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (5) all other rights and defences (legal or equitable) the assertion or exercise of which would in any way diminish the liability of such Guarantor under this Guarantee. Section 22.07 Guaranteed Parties Right to Act. Each Guaranteed Party has the right to deal with any Guarantor, the documents creating or evidencing the Guaranteed Obligations and the security (or any collateral subject to the security) now or subsequently held by any Guaranteed Party (including all modifications, extensions, replacements, amendments, renewals, restatements, and supplements to such documents or security) as such Guaranteed Party may see fit, without notice to any Guarantor or any Additional Guarantor and without in any way affecting, relieving, limiting or lessening such Guarantor s or any Additional Guarantor s liability under this Guarantee. Without limitation, each Guaranteed Party may: (1) grant time, renewals, extensions, indulgences, releases and discharges to any Guarantor; (2) take new or additional security (including other guarantees) from any Guarantor; (3) discharge or partially discharge any or all existing security; (4) elect not to take security from any Guarantor or not to perfect security; (5) cease or refrain from, or continuing to, giving credit or making loans or advances to any Guarantor; (6) accept partial payment or performance from any Guarantor or otherwise waive compliance by any Guarantor with the terms of any of the documents or security; (7) assign any such document or security to any Person or Persons; (8) deal or dispose in any manner (whether commercially reasonably or not) with any security (or any collateral subject to the security) or other guarantee for the Guaranteed Obligations; or (9) apply all dividends, compositions and moneys at any time received from any Guarantor or others or from the security upon such part of the Guaranteed Obligations as each Guaranteed Party deems appropriate. Section 22.08 Assignment and Postponement. All indebtedness and liability, present and future, of each Loan Party to each Guarantor are hereby assigned to the Administrative Agent on behalf and for the benefit of the Guaranteed Parties and postponed to the Guaranteed Obligations, and, following the occurrence of an Event of Default that is continuing, all monies received by any Guarantor in respect thereof shall be received in trust for the Guaranteed Parties and forthwith upon receipt thereof shall be paid over to the Administrative Agent on behalf and for the ratable benefit of the Guaranteed Parties; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, absent the continuance of an Event of Default, this 

- 151 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Section 22.08 shall not prohibit or restrict payments and repayments by or to any Guarantor to the extent otherwise permitted by this Agreement. Section 22.09 Action or Inaction. Except as otherwise provided at Law, no action or omission on the part of any Guaranteed Party in exercising or failing to exercise its rights under this Section or in connection with or arising from all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations shall make any Guaranteed Party liable to any Guarantor for any loss occasioned to such Guarantor. No loss of or in respect of any securities received by any Guaranteed Party from any other Loan Party or others, whether occasioned by any Guaranteed Party s fault or otherwise, shall in any way affect, relieve, limit or lessen any Guarantor s liability under this Guarantee. Section 22.10 Guaranteed Parties Rights. The rights and remedies provided in this Article 22 are cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently, and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Law. Section 22.11 Demand. The Administrative Agent may make demand in writing to any Guarantor at any time and from time to time after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each such written demand to be accepted by such Guarantor as complete and satisfactory evidence of the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations to be paid by such Guarantor absent manifest error. Each Guarantor shall pay to the Administrative Agent such amount or amounts payable under this Guarantee immediately upon such written demand. Section 22.12 No Representations. Each Guarantor acknowledges that this Guarantee has been delivered free of any conditions and that there are no representations which have been made to such Guarantor affecting such Guarantor s liability under this Guarantee except as may be specifically embodied in this Guarantee and agrees that this Guarantee is in addition to and not in substitution for any other guarantee(s) held or which may subsequently be held by or for the benefit of any Guaranteed Party. Section 22.13 Keepwell. Each Guarantor that is a Qualified ECP Guarantor at the time of the Guarantee made by such Guarantor that is not then an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder (a Specified Loan Party or the grant of a security interest under the Credit Documents by any such Specified Loan Party, in either case, becomes effective with respect to any Hedging Obligation, hereby jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support to each Specified Loan Party with respect to such Hedging Obligation as may be needed by such Specified Loan Party from time to time to honor all of its Obligations under the Credit Documents in respect of such Hedging Obligation (but, in each case, only up to the maximum - 152 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering such Qualified ECP Guarantor s Obligations and undertakings under this Section 22.13, or otherwise under this Agreement or any other Credit Document, voidable under applicable Debtor Relief Laws, and not for any greater amount). The Obligations and undertakings of each applicable Guarantor under this Article 22 shall remain in full force and effect until the Guaranteed Obligations have been paid in full and the commitments relating thereto have expired or been terminated. Each Guarantor intends this Section 22.13 to constitute, and this Section 22.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a guarantee of the Obligations of, and a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of, each Specified Loan Party for all purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. Section 22.14 Intercreditor Agreement. Each Lender hereby approves the Intercreditor Agreement and authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute the Intercreditor Agreement on its behalf. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, any requirement under this Agreement or under any other Credit Document providing for Collateral to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall be satisfied upon the delivery of such Collateral to the Authorized Representative (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) for the applicable Secured Parties. ARTICLE 23 AFFIRMATION OF GUARANTEES AND SECURITY DOCUMENTS Section 23.01 Affirmation. The obligations of each Guarantor contained in the Guarantees shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby confirmed, renewed, affirmed and continued by this Agreement and are enforceable against the Loan Parties and each of the Guarantors. All rights, benefits, interests, duties, liabilities and obligations of the parties to the Security Documents, as amended below, are hereby confirmed, renewed, affirmed and continued by this Agreement and continue to secure, apply and extend to all debts, liabilities and obligations, present or future, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time or from time to time due or accruing due and owing by or otherwise payable by the Loan Parties and each Guarantor to the Collateral Agent (as defined in the Original Credit Agreement) for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined in the Security Documents), or any one or more of them, in any currency, under, in connection with or pursuant to the Guarantees and any other Credit Document to which the Loan Parties and each Guarantor is a party. Without limitation of the foregoing, all security interests, pledges, assignments and other Encumbrances previously granted by any Guarantor, as a Grantor, pursuant to the Security Documents are confirmed, renewed, affirmed and continued by this Agreement, and all such security interests, pledges, assignments and other Encumbrances shall remain in full force and effect as security for all obligations thereunder with no change in the priority applicable thereto, in each case, subject only to Encumbrances permitted under the Credit Documents, to the extent provided therein. - 153 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 References in the Security Documents to which each of the Loan Parties and each Guarantor is a party are hereby amended to (i) refer to the credit facility being made to Open Text ULC and Open Text Holdings, Inc. in addition to Open Text Corporation, (ii) refer to the Administrative Agent as Barclays Bank PLC, (iii) refer to the Collateral Agent as Barclays Bank PLC; and (iv) replace the definition of Credit Agreement with the following: Credit Agreement means the credit agreement dated as of October 2, 2006, as Amended as of February 15, 2007 and as of September 24, 2009, and as Amended and Restated as of November 9, 2011, as amended as of December 16, 2013 and as of December 22 2014, as further Amended and Restated as of January 15, 2015, as amended as of June 16, 2016, as of February 1, 2017, as of May 5, 2017 and as of September 16, 2017, and as further Amended and Restated as of May 30, 2018, and as of [ ]October 31, 2019, and as further amended as of June 6, 2023, among Open Text ULC, Open Text Corporation and Open Text Holdings, Inc., as Borrowers, the Guarantors party thereto, the financial institutions named therein as Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, modified, extended, renewed, replaced, restated, supplemented or refinanced from time to time and includes any agreement extending the maturity of, refinancing or restructuring all or any portion of, the indebtedness under such agreement or any successor agreements, whether or not with the same Collateral Agent or Lenders. [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank.] 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: Name: Title: By: Title: OPEN TEXT HOLDINGS, INC., as Borrower By: IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written. OPEN TEXT ULC, as Borrower OPEN TEXT CORPORATION, as Borrower Name: Title: By: (signatures continued on the next following page) 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: Madhu Ranganathan By: Title: rPresident and Treasurer GXS, INC. GXS INTERNATIONAL, INC. OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD. OPEN TEXT INC. OPEN TEXT SA ULC, VIGNETTE PARTNERSHIP, L.P., by its general partner, OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD. OPEN TEXT CANADA INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENTS ULC OPEN TEXT US ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, LLC OPEN TEXT US INVESTMENTS HOLDINGS, LLC MICRO FOCUS LLC, each as a Guarantor 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: [ ] By: Title: [ ] OPEN TEXT GXS ULC(BARBADOS) INVESTMENTS SRL, as Guarantor 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD., as Guarantor 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: VIGNETTE PARTNERSHIP, LP, by its general partner OPEN TEXT CANADA LTD., as Guarantor 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: OPEN TEXT INC., as Guarantor 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: EASYLINK SERVICES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION, as Guarantor 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: EASYLINK SERVICES USA, INC., as Guarantor 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: XPEDITE SYSTEMS, LLC, as Guarantor 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: Christian Waida By: Title: Director GXS OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK INVESTMENTS GLOBAL HOLDINGS LIMITED OPEN TEXT UK HOLDING LIMITED MICRO FOCUS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED MICRO FOCUS IP DEVELOPMENT LIMITED, INC.,each as a Guarantor 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: Todd Hazlewood By: Title: Director GXSOPEN TEXT CAYMAN INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENTS LIMITED OPEN TEXT CAYMAN INVESTMENTS LIMITED, INC.,each as a Guarantor 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: (signatures continued on the next following page) BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Lender and Documentary Credit Issuer By: ________________________________ Name: Title: 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as Lender 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as Lender 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: CITIBANK, N.A., CANADIAN BRANCH, as Lender 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 By: Title: By: HSBC BANK CANADA, as Lender Name: Name: Title: 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: MUFG BANK, LTD., CANADA BRANCH, as Lender 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 By: Title: By: NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA, as Lender Name: Name: Title: 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 By: Title: By: EXPORT DEVELOPMENT CANADA, as Lender Name: Name: Title: 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: BANK OF MONTREAL, as Lender 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 By: Title: By: ICICI BANK OF CANADA, as Lender Name: Name: Title: 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., CANADA BRANCH, as Lender 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: PNC BANK CANADIAN BRANCH, as Lender 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 By: Title: By: THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as Lender Name: Name: Title: 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 By: Title: By: CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE, as Lender Name: Name: Title: 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK N.A., as Lender 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 Name: By: Title: WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., CANADIAN BRANCH, as Lender 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 SCHEDULE 1 FORM OF BORROWING NOTICE [Date] Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent 1301 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10019 Attention: Hapreet KaurJethro Jn-Baptiste Email: hapreet.kaur@barclayscapital.comJethro.jnbaptiste@barclays.com Phone: (2012) 320 - 7741 Fax: (917) 522 05699-5198 Group Email: XraUSLoanOps5@barcap.com12145455230@tls.ldsprod.com Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, [NAME OF APPLICABLE BORROWER], refers to the fourth amended and restated credit agreement dated as of [________], 2019 (as further amended, supplemented, replaced or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as initial borrowers and certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation and Lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC, as collateral agent and Royal Bank of Canada, as documentary credit lender, and hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 3.02 of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and, in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such Borrowing as required by Section 3.02 of the Credit Agreement: (a) The date of the Borrowing, being a Business Day, is . (b) The aggregate amount of the Borrowing is . (c) The Type of Advance requested is [specify Type of Advance]. (d) The initial Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing is [for LIBORSOFR Advances]. The undersigned hereby certifies and confirms that on the date of this Accommodation Notice and the date of the corresponding Accommodation, and immediately after giving effect thereto and to the application of any proceeds therefrom, (x) the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of each such date, all as though made on and as of each such date, except for those changes to the representations and warranties which have been disclosed to and accepted by the 

- 2 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 17.01 and any representation and warranty which is stated to be made as of a certain date (and then as of such date), and (y) no event or condition has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Accommodation or giving effect to this Accommodation Notice, which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default. The undersigned further confirms and certifies to each Lender that the proceeds of the proposed Borrowing will be used solely for the purposes permitted by the Credit Agreement. Yours truly, [NAME OF APPLICABLE BORROWER] Authorized Signatory Per: 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 SCHEDULE 2 FORM OF INTEREST RATE ELECTION NOTICE [Date] Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent 1301 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10019 Attention: Hapreet KaurJethro Jn-Baptiste Email: hapreet.kaur@barclayscapital.comJethro.jnbaptiste@barclays.com Phone: (2012) 320 - 7741 Fax: (917) 522 05699-5198 Group Email: XraUSLoanOps5@barcap.com12145455230@tls.ldsprod.com Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, [NAME OF APPLICABLE BORROWER], refers to the fourth amended and restated credit agreement dated as of [________], 2019 (as further amended, supplemented, replaced or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as initial borrowers and certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation and Lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC, as collateral agent and Royal Bank of Canada, as documentary credit lender, and hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 3.03(3) of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby elects to [change one Type of Advance to another Type of Advance or Type of Accommodation under the Credit Agreement] [continue a LIBORSOFR Advance for an additional Interest Period], and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such election as required by Section 3.03(3) of the Credit Agreement: (a) If the Type of Advance is to be changed: (i) the Type of Advance to be changed is ; (ii) the new Type of Advance or Type of Accommodation is ; (iii) the date of such change, being a Business Day, is ; and (iv) the initial Interest Period applicable to such Advance is months [if applicable]. (b) If the Advance is a LIBORSOFR Advance which is to continue as a LIBORSOFR Advance for an additional Interest Period, the subsequent Interest Period applicable to such LIBORSOFR Advance is months. 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Yours truly, [NAME OF APPLICABLE BORROWER] Authorized Signatory Per: 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Royal Bank of Canada ICICI Bank Canada 75,000,000 10,000,000 70,000,000 Documentary Credit Commitment 35,000,000 Bank of America, N.A., Canada Branch 70,000,000 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A HSBC Bank Canada PNC Bank Canadian Branch Swing Line Lender s Commitment 35,000,000 35,000,000 70,000,000 The Bank of Nova Scotia 35,000,000 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Canada Branch Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce 35,000,000 35,000,000 Lender JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. 70,000,000 Barclays PLC Citibank, N.A., Canadian branch National Bank of Canada Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Canadian Branch 35,000,000 35,000,000 70,000,000 75,000,000 Revolving Credit Commitment Bank of Montreal Total Revolving Credit Commitments 750,000,000 70,000,000 SCHEDULE 3 REVOLVING CREDIT COMMITMENTS/ SWING LINE LENDER S COMMITMENT/ DOCUMENTARY CREDIT COMMITMENTS 

- 2 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 SCHEDULE 4 FORM OF ISSUE NOTICE [Date] Royal Bank of Canada, as Sub-Collateral Agent 20 King Street West, 4th Floor Toronto, Ontario Attention: Moshira Abdel-Aziz Email: moshira.abdel-aziz@rbc.com Phone: (416) 974-6107 with a copy to: Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent 1301 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10019 Attention: Hapreet KaurJethro Jn-Baptiste Email: hapreet.kaur@barclayscapital.comJethro.jnbaptiste@barclays.com Phone: (2012) 320 - 7741 Fax: (917) 522 05699-5198 Group Email: XraUSLoanOps5@barcap.com12145455230@tls.ldsprod.com Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, [NAME OF APPLICABLE DOCUMENTARY CREDIT BORROWER], refers to the fourth amended and restated credit agreement dated as of [________], 2019 (as further amended, supplemented, replaced or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as initial borrowers and certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation and Lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC, as collateral agent and Royal Bank of Canada, as documentary credit lender, and hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 4.02(1) of the Credit Agreement that the undersigned hereby requests an Issue under the Credit Agreement, and, in that connection, sets forth below the information relating to such Issue (the Proposed Issue as required by Section 4.02 of the Credit Agreement: (c) (c) The date of the Issue is , which is a Business Day. (d) (d) The Type of Documentary Credit is . (e) (e) The aggregate Face Amount of such Documentary Credit is [insert amount and currency]. (f) (f) The expiration date of such Documentary Credit is , which is a Business Day. - 2 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 (g) (g) The name and address of the Beneficiary of the Documentary Credit is . The undersigned hereby certifies and confirms that on the date of this Issue Notice and the date of the corresponding Accommodation, and immediately after giving effect thereto, (x) the representations and warranties contained in Article 6 of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of each such date, all as though made on and as of each such date, except for those changes to the representations and warranties which have been disclosed to and accepted by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 17.01 and any representation and warranty which is stated to be made as of a certain date (and then as of such date), and (y) no event or condition has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Accommodation or giving effect to this Issue Notice, which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default. The undersigned further confirms and certifies to the Documentary Credit Lender that the Documentary Credit is being issued for a purpose permitted by the Credit Agreement. Yours truly, [NAME OF APPLICABLE DOCUMENTARY CREDIT BORROWER] Authorized Signatory Per: 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 3 Business Days 3 Business Days Type of Accommodation ABR Advance Documentary Credits 3 Business Days l Business Day - Borrowing Notice or Issue Notice (Sections 3.02(1) and 4.02(1)) 1 Business Day SCHEDULE 5 NOTICE PERIODS AND AMOUNTS Swing Line Advance 3 Business Days Same Business Day Change (Section 3.03(3)) Same Business Day Same Business Day In the case of change, the notice period applicable to the other Type of Accommodation or Advance into which an Accommodation is to be changed must also be observed. The day on which any notice is given is included and the day on which the specified excluded in calculating the notice period. LIBORSOFR Advance Prepayment Section 2.07 3 Business Days 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Less than 1.50:1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.00:1.00 Documentary Credit Fee 1.50 Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio 0.50 0.25 0.25 Greater than or equal to 1.50:1.00 LIBORSOFR Advances (per annum); Documentary Credit Participation Fee Less than 1.00:1.00 1.75 1.25 SCHEDULE 6 APPLICABLE MARGINS/UNUSED FACILITY FEE 0.25 0.75 0.15 ABR Advances (per annum) 0.25 0.30 0.25 Facility Fee 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 SCHEDULE 7 FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE [Date] Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent Barclays Bank PLC Bank Debt Management Group 745 Seventh Avenue New York, New York 10019 Attention: Christopher R. Lee, Portfolio Manager Wendar Chen Telephone: (2012) 52499-936-0732 Facsimile: (212) 220-9646 Email: christopher.r.lee@barclays.comwendar.chen@barclays.com Ladies and Gentlemen: The undersigned, [NAME OF APPLICABLE BORROWER], refers to the fourth amended and restated credit agreement dated as of [________], 2019 (as further amended, supplemented, replaced or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as initial borrowers and certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation and Lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC, as collateral agent, Royal Bank of Canada, as documentary credit lender, and the financial institutions party thereto as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. This Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(1)(a)(iii) of the Credit Agreement for the Financial Quarter ending on [ ] (the Period ). I, , the [Chief Executive Officer], [Chief Financial Officer] [a senior officer] of Open Text Corporation, in such capacity and not personally, hereby certify that: 2. 2. I am the duly appointed [Chief Executive Officer] [Chief Financial Officer] of Open Text Corporation and as such I am providing this certificate for and on behalf of Open Text Corporation pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 3. 3. I am familiar with and have examined the provisions of the Credit Agreement. 4. 4. The financial statements most recently delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(l)(a)(i) or Section 7.01(l)(a)(ii), as applicable, of the Credit Agreement present fairly the financial position, results of operations and changes in financial position of the persons specified therein in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of any required notes to such financial statements). - 2 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 5. 5. The representations and warranties contained in Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as though made on the date hereof, except for those changes to the representations and warranties which have been disclosed to and accepted by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 17.01 and any representation and warranty. which is stated to be made as of a certain date (and then as of such date). 6. 6. As of the date hereof, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 7. 7. As at the last day of the Period, the following ratio was as follows: (a) Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio (7.03(1)(a)): Schedule A hereto sets forth details of the calculation of the above ratio. Dated this day of . (Signature) (Name please print) [Title] 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 SCHEDULE 9 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [Insert name of Assignor] (the Assignor and [Insert name of Assignee) (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not dermed herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement (as defined below), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including any Documentary Credits and guarantees included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under Applicable Law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan-transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 8. 8. Assignor: 9. 9. Assignee: [and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [identify Lender]2] 10. 10. Administrative Agent: , as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 11. 11. Credit Agreement: means the fourth amended and restated credit agreement dated as of [________], 2019 (as further amended, supplemented, replaced or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as initial borrowers and certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation and Lenders party 2 Select as applicable. 

- 2 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 CUSIP Number Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Advances for all Lenders3 [7. Trade Date: _____________]6 _________, 20___ [the Effective Date ] [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: ASSIGNOR [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] By: ______________________ Title: ASSIGNEE [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] By: ______________________ Title: Consented to: Amount of Commitment/Advances Assigned4 thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC, as collateral agent and Royal Bank of Canada, as documentary credit lender. 12. 12. Assigned Interest: Percentage Assigned of Commitment / Advances5 3 Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 4 Amount to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 5 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Advances of all Lenders thereunder. 6 To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be determined as of the Trade Date. - 3 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 [NAME OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT], as Administrative Agent By _______________________________ Title: Consented to: [NAME OF APPLICABLE BORROWER] By ________________________________ Title: [Consented to:7] [NAME OF DOCUMENTARY CREDIT LENDER] By _________________________________ Title: 7 To be added only if the consent of the Documentary Credit Lender is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 ANNEX 1 to Assignment and Assumption STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties. 1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Credit Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Loan Parties or any other Person obligated in respect of any Credit Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Loan Parties or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Credit Document. 1.2 Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(1) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. Each Assignee under the Revolving Credit Facility certifies that it complies with Section 9.02(5) of the Credit Agreement to the extent applicable. 2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued prior to the Effective Date, and to the Assignee for amount which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. - 2 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy or by sending a scanned copy by electronic mail shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law governing the Credit Agreement. 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 Assigned Lender s Commitment SCHEDULE A Assigned Accommodations Outstanding Lender 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 SCHEDULE 10 DESIGNATED BORROWER REQUEST AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT [Date] Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent Barclays Bank PLC Bank Debt Management Group 745 Seventh Avenue New York, New York 10019 Attention: Christopher R. Lee, Portfolio ManagerWendar Chen Telephone: (2012) 52499-936-0732 Facsimile: (212) 220-9646 Email: christopher.r.lee@barclays.comwendar.chen@barclays.com Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain fourth amended and restated credit agreement dated as of [________], 2019 (as further amended, supplemented, replaced or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as initial borrowers and certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation and Lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC, as collateral agent, Royal Bank of Canada, as documentary credit lender, and the financial institutions party thereto as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. Please be advised that, pursuant to Section 2.03(2) of the Credit Agreement, Open Text Corporation hereby designates the undersigned Subsidiary, _________, a _____ (the Designated Borrower ), as a Designated Borrower in the capacity as a Revolving Credit Borrower under and for all purposes of the Credit Agreement. The Designated Borrower, in consideration of the agreement of each applicable Revolving Credit Lender to extend credit to it from time to time under, and on the terms and conditions set forth in, the Credit Agreement under the Revolving Credit Facility does hereby assume each of the obligations imposed upon a Designated Borrower and a Revolving Credit Borrower under the Credit Agreement and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement. - 2 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 In furtherance of the foregoing, the Designated Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each of the applicable Revolving Credit Lenders that each of the representations and warranties set forth in Article 6 of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof, except for those changes to the representations and warranties which have been disclosed to and accepted by the Administrative Agent and Lenders pursuant to Section 17.01 and any representation and warranty which is stated to be made as of a certain date (and then as of such date), and that the proceeds of any Accommodation will only be used for purposes permitted under the Credit Agreement. The Designated Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Open Text Corporation as its authorized agent to receive and deliver notices in accordance with Section 2.03(3) of the Credit Agreement. The Designated Borrower hereby agrees that prior to becoming entitled to utilize the Credit Facilities provided for in the Credit Agreement the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the applicable Facility or Facilities shall have received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information (including all such documents or information required to comply with the Patriot Act), in each case consistent with the documents and information required to be delivered thereunder with respect to the Borrowers on the Closing Date (but with such differences as may be appropriate in light of applicable local law), and promissory notes signed by such Designated Borrower to the extent any Lenders under the applicable Facility so require. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] - 3 - 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 THIS DESIGNATED BORROWER REQUEST AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS DESIGNATED BORROWER REQUEST AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT AND THE CREDIT AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE PROVINCE OF ONTARIO AND THE FEDERAL LAWS OF CANADA APPLICABLE IN THAT PROVINCE. Very truly yours, OPEN TEXT CORPORATION By________________________ Name: Title: [THE DESIGNATED BORROWER] By________________________ Name: Title: Acknowledged and Agreed to as of the date first above written: Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent By________________________ Name: Title: 

1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSWLEGAL_1:80104430.16 SCHEDULE 11 DESIGNATED BORROWER NOTICE [date] To each of the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below, and Open Text ULC [ADDRESS] Attn: [RESPONSIBLE OFFICER OF OPEN TEXT] Ladies and Gentlemen: Reference is made to that certain fourth amended and restated credit agreement dated as of [________], 2019 (as further amended, supplemented, replaced or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement, the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among Open Text ULC, Open Text Holdings, Inc. and Open Text Corporation, as initial borrowers and certain Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation and Lenders party thereto, Barclays Bank PLC, as sole administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC, as collateral agent, Royal Bank of Canada, as documentary credit lender, and the financial institutions party thereto, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. Please be advised that, pursuant to Section 2.03(2) of the Credit Agreement, Open Text Corporation hereby gives notice that as of_____________, 20__, the [Applicant Borrower] shall constitute a Designated Borrower for purposes of the Credit Agreement under the Revolving Credit Facility. Very truly yours, Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent By ______________________________ Name: Title: 1808964.02A-NYCSR03A - MSW LEGAL_1:80104430.16 SCHEDULE 12 DESIGNATED BORROWERS Open Text ULC Open Text Corporation Open Text Holdings, Inc. 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 q4-2310xkexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Open Text Corporation as of June 30, 2023 
 
 Corporation Name Jurisdiction Attachmate Group Australia Pty Ltd Australia Full 360 Pty Ltd Australia Micro Focus Australia Pty Ltd Australia Micro Focus Pty Limited Australia Open Text Pty Limited Australia Micro Focus Austria GmbH Austria Open Text Software Austria GmbH Austria Open Text (Barbados) Investments SRL Barbados Micro Focus Belgium BV Belgium Micro Focus S.r.l. Belgium Borland Latin America Ltda Brazil Cambridge Technology Partners do Brasil Ltda Brazil Micro Focus Brasil Servi os de Tecnologia Ltda Brazil Micro Focus Programa o de Computadores Ltda Brazil Open Text Tecnologia Da Informa o (Brasil) Ltda. Brazil Peregrine Systems do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Serena Software Do Brasil Ltda Brazil Micro Focus APM Solutions EOOD Bulgaria Micro Focus Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria 8493642 Canada Inc. Canada Autonomy Systems (Canada) Ltd. Canada GWAVA ULC Canada Interset Software ULC Canada Micro Focus (Canada) ULC Canada Micro Focus Software (Canada) ULC Canada NetManage Canada ULC Canada Open Text Canada Ltd. Canada Micro Focus Marigalante Ltd. Cayman Islands Open Text Cayman International Investments Limited Cayman Islands Open Text Cayman Investments Limited Cayman Islands WNL Limited Cayman Islands Autonomy Systems (Beijing) Limited Company China Covisint Software Services (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China GXS (Shanghai) Software Development Limited China Open Text Software Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd China Shanghai Micro Focus Software Technology Co., Ltd China Micro Focus Software LATAM S.A.S Colombia Micro Focus Centroamerica CAC Limitada Costa Rica Micro Focus Costa Rica Limitada Costa Rica Micro Focus Czechia s.r.o. Czech Republic Open Text s.r.o. Czech Republic AppRiver Parent, LLC Delaware, United States Borland Software Corporation Delaware, United States Borland Technology Corporation Delaware, United States Carbonite China Holdings, LLC Delaware, United States Carbonite India Holdings, LLC Delaware, United States 

Carbonite, LLC Delaware, United States Entco Delaware LLC Delaware, United States Entco, LLC Delaware, United States Full 360 Group Inc. Delaware, United States GWAVA Technologies, Inc. Delaware, United States GXS International, Inc. Delaware, United States GXS, Inc. Delaware, United States MA FinanceCo., LLC Delaware, United States Micro Focus (US) Group, Inc. Delaware, United States Micro Focus (US) International Holdings, Inc. Delaware, United States Micro Focus (US), Inc. Delaware, United States Micro Focus Brazil Holdings LLC Delaware, United States Micro Focus Government Solutions LLC Delaware, United States Micro Focus LLC Delaware, United States Micro Focus Software Inc. Delaware, United States NetIQ Corporation Delaware, United States Novell Holdings, Inc. Delaware, United States Novell International Holdings, Inc. Delaware, United States Open Text Holdings, Inc. Delaware, United States Open Text Inc. Delaware, United States Open Text US Acquisition Holdings, LLC Delaware, United States Open Text US Investments Holdings, LLC Delaware, United States Seattle SpinCo, Inc. Delaware, United States Serena Software, Inc. Delaware, United States Stratify, Inc. Delaware, United States The Attachmate Group, Inc. Delaware, United States Total Defense, LLC Delaware, United States Vertica Systems, LLC Delaware, United States Vignette Partnership, LP Delaware, United States Webroot, LLC Delaware, United States ZixCorp Global, Inc. Delaware, United States ZixCorp Systems, Inc. Delaware, United States Micro Focus Software Denmark ApS Denmark Open Text A S Denmark Acquisition U.K. Limited England & Wales AppRiver UK Limited England & Wales Autonomy Systems Limited England & Wales EasyLink Services International Limited England & Wales GXS Limited England & Wales GXS UK Holding Limited England & Wales ICCM Professional Services Limited England & Wales Longsand Limited England & Wales Micro Focus (IP) Holdings Limited England & Wales Micro Focus (US) Holdings England & Wales Micro Focus CHC Limited England & Wales Micro Focus Foreign HoldCo Ltd England & Wales Micro Focus Global Limited England & Wales Micro Focus Group Limited England & Wales Micro Focus Holdings Unlimited England & Wales 

Micro Focus Integration Limited England & Wales Micro Focus International Limited England & Wales Micro Focus IP Development Limited England & Wales Micro Focus Limited England & Wales Micro Focus MHC Limited England & Wales Micro Focus Midco Holdings Limited England & Wales Micro Focus Midco Limited England & Wales Micro Focus Situla Holding Ltd England & Wales Micro Focus Software (IP) Holdings Limited England & Wales Micro Focus Software Holdings Ltd England & Wales Micro Focus Software UK Ltd England & Wales Micro Focus UK Limited England & Wales Open Text UK Holding Limited England & Wales Open Text UK Investments Global Holdings Limited England & Wales Open Text UK Investments International Holdings Limited England & Wales Open Text UK Investments International Limited England & Wales Open Text UK Investments Limited England & Wales Open Text UK Limited England & Wales Resonate KT Limited England & Wales Sysgenics Limited England & Wales Webroot Services Limited England & Wales Open Text Oy Finland AppRiver, LLC Florida, United States Arm Research Labs, LLC Florida, United States Borland (France) Sarl France Cobol-IT, SAS France Micro Focus France SAS France Micro Focus SAS France Open Text SARL France Attachmate Group Germany GmbH Germany Borland GmbH Germany GWAVA EMEA GmbH Germany Mailstore Software GmbH Germany Micro Focus Deutschland GmbH Germany Micro Focus GmbH Germany Novell Holding Deutschland GmbH Germany Open Text Document Technologies GmbH Germany Open Text Software GmbH Germany Open Text Unterst tzungskasse e.V. Germany RecomMind GmbH Germany Serena Software GmbH Germany Zix Germany GmbH Germany EntCorp Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Micro Focus Software HK Limited Hong Kong Open Text (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Autonomy Software Asia Private Limited India Entco IT Services Private Limited India GXS India Technology Centre Private Limited India Micro Focus Software India Private Limited India 

Micro Focus Software Solutions India Private Limited India Open Text Corporation India Private Limited India Open Text Technologies India Private Limited India Vignette India Private Limited India Attachmate Ireland Limited Ireland Micro Focus (IP) Ireland Limited Ireland Micro Focus Galway Limited Ireland Micro Focus Group Holdings Unlimited Ireland Micro Focus International Holdings Limited Ireland Micro Focus Ireland Limited Ireland Micro Focus Software (Ireland) Limited Ireland Micro Focus Software Solutions Ireland Limited Ireland NetIQ Europe Limited Ireland NetIQ Ireland Limited Ireland Novell Cayman Software International Unlimited Company Ireland Novell Cayman Software Unlimited Company Ireland Novell Software International Limited Ireland Open Text Ireland Limited Ireland Webroot International Limited Ireland Chameleon Holdings Ltd. Israel CloudAlly Ltd. Israel Micro Focus Interactive Israel Ltd Israel Micro Focus Israel Limited Israel Micro Focus Software Israel Ltd Israel N.Y. NetManage (Yerushalayim) Ltd Israel Novell Israel Software Limited Israel Micro Focus Italiana S.r.l. Italy Micro Focus S.r.l. Italy Open Text S.r.l. Italy Entcorp Japan K.K. Japan Micro Focus Enterprise Ltd Japan Micro Focus LLC Japan Novell Japan, Ltd Japan Open Text K.K. Japan Serena Software Japan LLC Japan Micro Focus Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Verity Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Micro Focus Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Novell Corporation (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Open Text Software Technology (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Micro Focus International Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Micro Focus Software Mexico, S. De R.L. De C.V. Mexico Micro Focus Software Solutions Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Open Text, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico GreenView Data, Inc. Michigan, United States Authasas B.V. Netherlands Autonomy HoldCo B.V. Netherlands Carbonite International Holdings B.V. Netherlands Carbonite Operations B.V. Netherlands 

Entco Gatriam Holding B.V. Netherlands Entco Holding Berlin B.V. Netherlands Entco Holding Hague II B.V. Netherlands Entco Sinope Holding B.V. Netherlands Entcorp Nederland B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus Caribe Holding B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus Eastern Holding II B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus Enterprise B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus HoldCo B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus Holding Finance B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus Holding Hague B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus Holding PR B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus International Trade B.V. Netherlands Micro Focus Nederland B.V. Netherlands Open Text Co peratief U.A. Netherlands Full 360 Inc New York, United States Micro Focus Software (New Zealand) Unlimited New Zealand Open Text New Zealand Limited New Zealand Micro Focus AS Norway 3304709 Nova Scotia Limited Nova Scotia, Canada AppRiver Canada ULC Nova Scotia, Canada Micro Focus Software Solutions Canada Co. Solutions Logiciels Micro Focus Canada Cie. Nova Scotia, Canada Open Text Canada International Investments ULC Nova Scotia, Canada Open Text SA ULC Nova Scotia, Canada Open Text ULC Nova Scotia, Canada Open Text Venture Capital Investment Limited Partnership Ontario, Canada Micro Focus Software, Inc. Philippines Open Text (Philippines), Inc. Philippines Micro Focus Polska sp. z o.o. Poland Open Text Sp.z.o.o. Poland Micro Focus Portugal Inform tica, Lda Portugal Nstein Technologies Inc. Quebec, Canada XMedius Solutions Inc. Quebec, Canada GXS Inc. Republic of Korea Micro Focus Korea Ltd Republic of Korea Open Text Korea Co., Ltd. Republic of Korea Micro Focus Software Romania SRL Romania Limited Liability Company Micro Focus Russian Federation Micro Focus LLC Saudi Arabia Open Text Saudi Arabia LLC Saudi Arabia Entco Software Pte. Ltd. Singapore Micro Focus Pte. Ltd. Singapore Micro Focus Software Pte. Ltd. Singapore Open Text (Asia) Pte Limited Singapore Micro Focus Software South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Micro Focus South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Open Text South Africa (Pty) Limited South Africa 

AppRiver AG Spain S.L. Spain Micro Focus Field Delivery Spain S.L.U. Spain Micro Focus S.L.U. Spain Micro Focus Software Spain S.L.U. Spain Open Text Software, S.L.U. Spain debricked AB Sweden Micro Focus Sverige AB Sweden Open Text AB Sweden Micro Focus GmbH Switzerland Micro Focus International Suisse S rl Switzerland Micro Focus Schweiz GmbH Switzerland Open Text AG Switzerland Zix International AG Switzerland Micro Focus Taiwan Co., Ltd Taiwan Zix Corporation Texas, United States GXS Ltd. Thailand Micro Focus Enterprise Tunisia SARL Tunisia Atarlabs Bili im Anonim irketi Turkey Micro Focus Teknoloji z mleri Limited irketi Turkey Micro Focus Ukraine, LLC. Ukraine Micro Focus Software Middle East FZ-LLC United Arab Emirates Open Text Public Sector Solutions, Inc. Virginia, United States CM2.COM, Inc. Washington, United States Attachmate Corporation Washington, United States Excludes entities that are in liquidation or dissolution 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 q4-2310xkexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors of Open Text Corporation 
 We consent to the use of 
 our report dated August 2, 2023, on the consolidated financial statements of Open Text Corporation (the Company ), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and 
 our report dated August 2, 2023 on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 
 which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 
 We also consent to the incorporation by reference of such reports in Registration Statement Nos. 333-249181, 333-214427, 333-184670, 333-146351, 333-121377 and 333-87024 on Form S-8 and No. 333-261510 on Form S-3 of the Company. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants 
 August 3, 2023 
 Toronto, Canada 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 q4-2310xkexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Mark J. Barrenechea, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Open Text Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 By s MARK J. BARRENECHEA Mark J. Barrenechea Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Date August 3, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 q4-2310xkexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Madhu Ranganathan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Open Text Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 By s MADHU RANGANATHAN Madhu Ranganathan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date August 3, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 q4-2310xkexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Open Text Corporation (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Mark J. Barrenechea, Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer of the Company, certify, as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s MARK J. BARRENECHEA Mark J. Barrenechea Vice Chair, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer 

Date August 3, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 q4-2310xkexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Open Text Corporation (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Madhu Ranganathan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, as of the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s MADHU RANGANATHAN Madhu Ranganathan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date August 3, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 otex-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 otex-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 otex-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 otex-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 otex-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

