<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_1854445_0001493152-23-034624.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10821399</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>295432</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1738826</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4269692</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1828042</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2362169</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-034624.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928161051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-034624
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Glimpse Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001854445
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				812958271
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40556
		FILM NUMBER:		231289749

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 WEST 38TH ST, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-292-2685

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 WEST 38TH ST, 9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-034624.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Ticker
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
of each class 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of December 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrants voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant was based on the closing sale price as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC of 3.03 per share. 

As
of September 22, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 
 4 
 
 Item
 1. Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 
 Item
 2. Properties 
 25 
 
 Item
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

PART
 II 
 26 
 
 Item
 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 
 Item
 6. [Reserved] 
 27 
 
 Item
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 
 Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 
 Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 
 Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 39 
 
 Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 
 Item
 9B. Other Information 
 40 
 
 Item
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 40 

PART
 III 
 41 
 
 Item
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 
 
 Item
 11. Executive Compensation 
 47 
 
 Item
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 
 
 Item
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 
 
 Item
 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 52 

PART
 IV 
 53 
 
 Item
 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 
 
 Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 56 
 
 Signatures 
 57 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This
report includes statements of our expectations, intentions, plans, and beliefs that constitute forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. Nonetheless, it is important for an investor to understand that these statements involve risks and uncertainties. These statements
relate to the discussion of our business strategies and our expectations concerning future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity,
and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not
yet determinable. We have used words such as may, will, should, expect, intend, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, think, estimate, seek, 
 expect, predict, could, project, potential, and other similar terms
and phrases, including references to assumptions, in this report to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors
relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control,
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Such
risks and other factors also include those listed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report and our other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in
mind the cautionary statements in this report and the documents incorporated by reference. New risks and uncertainties arise from time
to time, and we cannot predict those events or how they may affect us. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
after the date of this report as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by applicable laws and
regulations. 

When
used in this annual report, the terms the Company, Glimpse Group, , Glimpse, we, 
 us, ours, and similar terms refer to The Glimpse Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

As
of the date of this annual report, we currently own and operate numerous wholly-owned subsidiary companies Subsidiary Companies ,
 Subsidiaries ): QReal, LLC (dba QReal), Immersive Health Group, LLC (dba IHG), Foretell Studios, LLC (dba Foretell Reality),
Glimpse Group Yazilim ve ARGE Ticaret Anonim Sirketi (Glimpse Turkey), XR Terra, LLC, Sector 5 Digital, LLC S5D ), PuploAR,
LLC (a subsidiary company of QReal) and Brightline Interactive, LLC BLI and a legal entity in Israel. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

History 

The
Glimpse Group, Inc. was incorporated on June 15, 2016, under the laws of the State of Nevada and is headquartered in New York, New York. 

COMPANY
OVERVIEW 

We
are an Immersive technology (Virtual Reality VR ), Augmented Reality AR ), Spatial Computing, Artificial
Intelligence AI )) platform company, comprised of a diversified group of wholly-owned and operated Immersive technology
companies, providing enterprise-focused software, services and solutions. We believe that we offer significant exposure to the rapidly
growing and potentially transformative Immersive technology markets, while mitigating downside risk via our diversified model and ecosystem. 

Our
platform of Immersive technology subsidiary companies, collaborative environment and diversified business model aims to simplify the
challenges faced by companies in the emerging Immersive technology industry, potentially improving each subsidiary company s ability
to succeed, while simultaneously providing investors an opportunity to invest directly via a diversified infrastructure. 

By
leveraging our platform, we strive to cultivate and manage the business operations of our Immersive technology subsidiary companies,
with the goal of allowing each underlying company to better focus on mission-critical endeavors, collaborate with the other subsidiary
companies, reduce time to market, optimize costs, improve product quality and leverage joint go-to-market strategies. Subject to operational,
market and financial developments and conditions, we intend to carefully add to our current portfolio of subsidiary companies via a combination
of organic expansion and/or outside acquisition. 

The
Immersive technology industry is an early-stage technology industry with nascent markets. We believe that this industry has significant
growth potential across verticals, may be transformative and that our diversified platform and ecosystem create important competitive
advantages. Our subsidiary companies currently target a wide array of industry verticals, including but not limited to: Corporate Training,
Education, Healthcare, Government Defense, Branding/Marketing/Advertising, Retail, Financial Services, Food Hospitality, Media
 Entertainment, Architecture/Engineering/Construction AEC ), Corporate Events and Presentations, Beauty and Cosmetics,
and Social VR support groups and therapy. We do not currently target direct-to-consumer B2C customers, we focus primarily
on the business-to-business B2B and business-to-business-to-consumer B2B2C segments. In addition, we
are hardware agnostic. 

4 

The
Glimpse Platform 

We
develop, commercialize and market innovative and proprietary Immersive technology software products, solutions and intellectual property IP ). Our platform is currently comprised of numerous active wholly-owned subsidiary companies, each targeting different
industry segments in a non-competitive, collaborative manner. Our experienced management and dynamic Immersive technology entrepreneurs
have deep domain expertise, providing the foundation for value-add-collaborations throughout our ecosystem. 

Each
of our subsidiary companies share operational, financial and IP infrastructure, facilitating shorter time-to-market, higher quality products,
reduced development costs, fewer redundancies, significant go-to-market synergies and, ultimately, a higher potential for success for
each subsidiary company. We believe that our collaborative platform is unique and necessary, especially given the early nature of the
Immersive technology industry. By offering technologies and solutions in various industry segments, we aim to reduce dependency on any
one single subsidiary company, technology or industry segment. 

We
believe that three core tenets enhance our probability of success: (1) our ecosystem of Immersive technology companies, (2) diversification
and (3) profitable growth. 

(1)
Our ecosystem of Immersive technology software and service companies provides significant benefits to each subsidiary company and our
group as a whole. We believe that the most notable benefits are: (a) economies of scale, cost efficiencies and reduced redundancies;
(b) cross company collaboration, deep domain expertise, IP and knowledge transfer; (c) superior product offerings; (d) faster time to
market; (e) enhanced business development and sales synergies; and (f) multiple monetization paths. In an emerging industry that is lacking
in infrastructure, we believe that our ecosystem provides a distinct competitive advantage relative to a single, standalone company in
the industry. 

(2)
By design, we incorporate multiple aspects of diversity to reduce the risks associated with an early stage industry, create multiple
monetization venues and improve the probabilities of success. There is no single point of failure or dependency. This is created through:
(a) ownership of numerous wholly-owned subsidiary companies operating in different industry segments; (b) targeting large industries
with clear Immersive technology use-cases; (c) developing and utilizing various technologies and IP; (d) expanding to different geographic
technology centers in a hub model under our umbrella; and (e) across industries, having a wide array of customers and potential acquirers/investors. 

(3)
From our inception, we have balanced minimizing operational cash burn with capturing the growth opportunities in front of us. This remains
an important factor driving our strategy to: (a) focus on enterprise software and services, only onboarding companies that are generating
revenues or clearly could in the short term; (b) target solutions that are based on use cases that have a clear return on investment ROI and can be effectively developed from existing technologies and hardware; and (c) centralize costs to reduce inefficiencies.
By striving to balance cash burn and growth, our goal is to lower dilution and support greater independence from capital markets, thereby
increasing resiliency and maximizing upside potential. 

As
part of our platform, we provide a centralized corporate structure, which significantly reduces general and administrative costs (financial,
operational, legal IP), streamlines capital allocation and helps in coordinating business strategies. This allows our subsidiary
company general managers to focus their time and effort almost exclusively on the core software, product and business development activities
relating to their subsidiary. 

Additionally,
aligned economic incentives encourage cross-Company collaboration. Substantially all of our employees own equity in our Company. The
leadership team of each subsidiary company, in addition to their initial equity ownership in Glimpse, may also have an economic interest
that typically takes form in either: i) a 5-10 economic interest in the total net sale proceeds of the subsidiary upon a divestiture
event or ii) additional Glimpse equity issuances based on revenue milestones achieved by the subsidiary company over a period of several
years (typically three years). Thus, there is benefit to them not only when their subsidiary company succeeds but also when any of the
other subsidiaries succeeds, and when Glimpse as a whole succeeds. We believe that this ownership mechanism is a strong driver of cross-pollination
of ideas and fosters collaboration. While each subsidiary company owns its own IP, our parent company currently owns 100 of each subsidiary
company. In addition, there will be perpetual licensing agreements between our subsidiary companies, so that if a subsidiary company
is divested, then the remaining subsidiaries, if utilizing the IP of a divested subsidiary company, will continue to retain usage rights
post-divestiture. 

5 

We
currently own and operate numerous subsidiary companies Subsidiary Companies , Subsidiaries operating under
the following business names as represented in the organizational chart below: 

Active
Glimpse Subsidiary Companies 

1. 
 QReal,
 LLC (dba QReal) : Creation of lifelike photorealistic 3D interactive digital models and experiences in AR 

2. 
 Immersive
 Health Group, LLC (IHG) : VR/AR platform for evidence-based and outcome driven healthcare solutions 

3. 
 Foretell
 Studios, LLC (dba Foretell Reality) : Customizable social VR platform for behavioral health, support groups, collaboration, corporate
 training, soft skills training, higher education 

4. 
 Glimpse
 Group Yazilim ve ARGE Ticaret Anonim Sirketi (Glimpse Turkey): a development center in Turkey, primarily developing and creating
 3D models for QReal 

5. 
 XR
 Terra, LLC (dba XR Terra) : Immersive technologies teaching courses and training 

6. 
 Sector
 5 Digital, LLC (S5D) : Corporate immersive experiences and events 

7. 
 PulpoAR,
 LLC (PulpoAR): AR try-on technologies, targeting the Beauty and Cosmetics industry; a subsidiary company of QReal 

8. 
 Brightline
 Interactive, LLC (BLI): Immersive and interactive experiences, training scenarios, and simulations for both government and commercial
 customers. 

6 

Key
Business Developments During Fiscal Year 2023 

Brightline
Interactive, LLC Acquisition 

In
May 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the BLI Agreement to purchase all of the membership
interests of Brightline Interactive, LLC BLI ), an immersive technology company that provides VR and AR based training
scenarios and simulations for commercial and government customers. The transaction s total potential purchase price is 32.5 million,
with an initial payment of 8.0 million upon closing, consisting of 3.0 million in cash and approximately 0.71 million shares of the
Company s common stock valued at 5.0 million at the time the Agreement was entered (and issued at closing based on a common stock
floor price of 7.00/share). Future potential purchase price considerations, up to 24.5 million, are based on BLI s achievement
of revenue growth milestones in the three years post-closing, the payment of which shall be made up to 12 million in cash and the remainder
in common shares of the Company, priced at the date of the future potential share issuance subject to a common stock price floor of 7.00/share. 

The
aggregate consideration to the members of BLI per the Agreement consisted of: (a) 568,046 cash paid (net of working capital adjustments,
as defined, of 505,787) at the August 1, 2022 closing (the Closing (b) 1,926,167 of cash paid at the Closing to extinguish
BLI s outstanding debt and pay down other obligations; (c) 714,286 shares of the Company s common stock fair valued at the
Closing; and (d) future purchase price considerations payable to the members of BLI, up to a residual of 24,500,000. The 24,500,000
is based and payable on BLI s achievement of certain revenue growth milestones at points in time and cumulatively during the three
years post-Closing Date, the payment of which shall be made up to 12,000,000 in cash and the remainder in common shares of the Company,
priced at the dates of the future potential share issuance subject to a common stock price floor of 7.00 per share. 

The
fair value allocation for the purchase price consideration paid at Closing was recorded as follows: 

Purchase price consideration: 

Cash paid to members at Closing 
 2,494,213 
 
 Company common stock fair value at Closing 
 2,846,144 
 
 Fair value of contingent
 consideration to be achieved 
 7,325,000 
 
 Total purchase price 
 12,665,357 

Fair value allocation of purchase price: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 15,560 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 253,041 
 
 Deferred costs/contract assets 
 552,625 
 
 Other assets 
 10,000 
 
 Equipment, net 
 55,580 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 (848,079 
 
 Deferred revenue/contract liabilities 
 (2,037,070 
 
 Intangible assets - customer relationships 
 3,310,000 
 
 Intangible assets - technology 
 880,000 
 
 Goodwill 
 10,473,700 
 
 Total fair value allocation
 of purchase price 
 12,665,357 

For
more details please refer to Note 4 of the Company s enclosed Financial Statements. 

7 

The
Immersive Technology Markets 

Virtual
Reality (VR) fully immerses the user in a digital environment via a head mounted display HMD ), where the user is blocked
out of their immediate physical environment. Augmented Reality (AR) is a less immersive experience, where the user views their immediate
physical environment with digital images overlaid, via a phone, tablet or a dedicated HMD such as smart glasses. While distinct, VR and
AR are related, utilize some similar underlying technologies and are expected to become increasingly interconnected - combined they are
often referred to as Immersive Technology (XR). 

VR
and AR are emerging technologies, and the markets for them are still nascent. We believe that Immersive technologies and solutions have
the potential to fundamentally transform how people and businesses interact, further enabling remote work, education and commerce. Immersive
technologies are also expected to increasingly interconnect with other emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, spatial
computing, computer vision, big data, NFT and crypto currencies. Additionally, HMD and telecommunication (5G) advancements have been
driving vast improvements in capabilities and ease of use, while significantly reducing headset cost. As a result, market adoption has
accelerated and is expected to continue. Leading technology companies such as Meta/Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Google, ByteDance (Pico),
Samsung, Sony and HP have been at the forefront of VR/AR hardware development and software infrastructure, while also increasing integration
of their products with AR and VR capabilities. 

Since
Facebook released its first VR headset as a consumer product in 2016 (after its 2B+ acquisition of Oculus), successive iterations of
it, as well as others, such as the recently announced Apple Vision Pro, have become significantly lighter, more comfortable, lower priced,
with higher resolution and increasingly wireless/mobile. With a standalone mobile headset, users no longer need an expensive gaming computer
to power the headset and they also do not have a wire tethered to that computer restricting movement. These advances have facilitated
easier corporate procurement and integration. The accelerating rollout of 5G should enable further improvement in user experience since
with 5G, remote processing and heavier, real time applications become possible without noticeable visual lag, allowing for lighter, smaller,
more comfortable HMDs with longer battery life. 

Bain
 Company, Citibank and Goldman Sachs research have recently estimated the potential market size of commercial Immersive technology
in excess of 1 trillion by 2023. 

Business
Development and Sales 

We
utilize a hybrid approach to the sales and distribution of our software products and services. 

At
our subsidiary company level, each company has its own business development and sales team, the size of which depends on its stage of
development. Each subsidiary company s general manager is responsible for business development, and as the subsidiary gains market
traction, its business development and sales team are expanded as needed. 

Our
subsidiary companies business development and sales teams are enhanced by the shared resources and influence of our ecosystem.
Our management takes an active role in the business development activities of each subsidiary company and in the overall development
and integration of sale strategies, goals and budgets. As an integral part of the business development and sales processes, each subsidiary
company s general manager is very familiar with the product offerings of other subsidiary companies and leverages those into his
or her own efforts when appropriate. This leads to substantial cross marketing collaboration. 

We
believe that a subsidiary company s ability to demonstrate to potential customers scale as part of our ecosystem of companies,
combined with our subsidiary s ability to offer its products and solutions as well as those of our other subsidiary companies in
an integrated manner, represents a key competitive advantage. We believe our customers often view us as a one-stop-shop 
for all their Immersive technology needs and an expert in this emerging space. 

We
and our subsidiary companies continue to develop a shared partner ecosystem to further scale business and expand our solutions into new
and existing target markets. 

8 

Competitive
Environment 

We
believe that our competitors in the Immersive technology industry are focused on two primary segments: VR/AR Hardware (headsets) and
Software. 

Immersive
Technology Hardware (Headsets) Hardware ): 

We
do not develop any Hardware, and our software and service solutions are mostly compatible with any Hardware. We believe that Hardware
development, commercialization and distribution are highly capital intensive and there is not yet large enough scale or mass adoption
in the Immersive technology industry to justify such expenditures for a smaller company. As such, there are relatively few participants
on the Hardware side, some very large (for example: Meta/Facebook, Microsoft, Samsung, Google, Apple, ByteDance (Pico), HTC, HP, Lenovo,
Sony and Epson) and some much smaller (for example: Magic Leap, XREAL, Varjo and Vuzix). In general, Hardware cycles have been accelerating
and performance improving, with simplified usability and reduced end-user costs. The more advanced, easier to use and cheaper the Hardware
becomes, the higher the potential for the development of robust software applications and increased market adoption of Immersive technology
solutions. 

Immersive
Technology Software Software ): 

In
contrast to Immersive Technology Hardware, Software is highly fragmented with hundreds of Immersive Technology Software companies targeting
different segments and solutions. Many are consumer oriented, whereas we are entirely enterprise focused (B2B, B2B2C). We believe that
the Immersive Technology Software segment is currently far less competitive than traditional software markets, as most companies in the
space tend to be early stage and often underfunded. 

While
competition is evolving, there is currently no dominant player in any particular VR/AR Software segment. We believe that we have the
potential to become a leader in the VR/AR Software space in general and that each of our subsidiary companies has the potential to become
a significant player in their particular industry sector. 

As
previously described, we believe that our structure, ecosystem and integrated capabilities create significant competitive advantages
for each of our subsidiary companies, not available to other Software companies in the Immersive technology space. By owning and operating
a diverse set of Immersive technology companies, we believe that we significantly improve each of our subsidiary company s ability
to succeed by addressing many of the challenges early stage companies face and expanding each s opportunity set and capabilities. 

We
believe that there are a select number of earlier stage companies of approximately our size that provide Immersive Technology and could
be viewed as potential competitors. In addition, several of the larger technology players provide general infrastructure Immersive Technology
Software. In particular: ARCore from Google and ARKit from Apple, which enable AR functionality on smartphones and tablets; and Unity
and Unreal from Epic, which enable software languages used in VR and AR programing. We do not view these larger companies as competition,
but rather as complementary to our business (indeed, some of these are customers of ours). We believe infrastructure software benefits
us, and the industry at large, as they are not industry specific and enable companies like us to more effectively build industry specific
solutions, thereby saving significant costs and development efforts. 

Platform
Expansion and Diversification Strategy 

As
described above in Competitive Environment, the Immersive Technology Software and services industries are highly fragmented.
There are numerous potential acquisition targets that, while having established a niche market position, product or technology, have
limited resources and ability to pursue growth initiatives. We may continue to add to our platform both companies, technologies and other
appropriate targets, subject to the availability of capital, at attractive deal terms. Beyond the expected financial impact of each such
potential addition, these could also enhance our ecosystem, technology, scale and competitive position. These potential acquisitions
may be domestic or international. We currently have multiple locations in the US, offices in several locations in Turkey and an international
presence in the UK and Israel. 

9 

Strategic
Divestitures 

Each
one of our subsidiary companies has the potential to be divested or spun off. Although the purpose of our platform is to grow and develop
the ecosystem on which each of our subsidiaries can mature by benefitting from collaboration, each subsidiary company targets a specific
industry vertical (e.g., Healthcare, Education, Corporate Training, etc.) and as such has a distinct set of potential acquirers or investors.
If a subsidiary company is divested and the proceeds are substantive, then our intent is to distribute the majority of the net proceeds
to our shareholder base, if such distribution would not jeopardize our growth and operations. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
intellectual property is an integral part of our business strategy and practice. In accordance with industry practice, we protect our
proprietary products, technology and competitive advantage through a combination of contractual provisions and trade secrets, patents,
copyright and trademark laws in the United States and other jurisdictions where business is conducted. 

As
of the date of this disclosure and summarized in the table below, we have been issued 10 patents by the United States Patent and Trademark
Office (the USPTO and have an additional 5 filed patent applications in process. 

Title
 of Invention 
 
 Subsidiary 
 
 Initial
 Filing Date 
 
 Issuance
 Date 
 
 Patent 
 Number 

Issued
 Patents: 
 
 Pagoni
 VR 
 
 06-21-2018 
 
 Oct
 19 
 
 10445941 
 
 Interactive
 Mixed Reality System for a Real World Event 

Immersive
 Display System with Adjustable Perspective 
 
 Pagoni
 VR 
 
 11-27-2018 
 
 Sept
 20 
 
 10764553 

Augmented
 Reality Geolocation Using Image Matching 
 
 KreatAR 
 
 08-22-2018 
 
 March
 21 
 
 10949669 

System
 for Sharing User-Generated Content 
 
 Pagoni
 VR 
 
 06-12-2019 
 
 Aug
 21 
 
 11095947 

Presenting
 a Simulated Reality Experience in a Preset Location 
 
 Post
 Reality 
 
 06-14-2019 
 
 Nov
 21 
 
 11189097 

Virtual
 Reality System Cross Platform 
 
 Foretell
 Reality 
 
 04-23-2019 
 
 April
 22 
 
 11294453 

Simulated
 Reality Adaptive User Space 
 
 Foretell
 Reality 
 
 07-26-2019 
 
 April
 22 
 
 11288868 

Marker-Based
 Positioning of Simulated Reality 
 
 KreatAR 
 
 04-23-2019 
 
 July
 22 
 
 11380011 

System
 and Method for Generating an Augmented Reality Experience 
 
 Brightline 
 
 11-19-2020 
 
 April
 22 
 
 11302038 

Immersive
 Ecosystem 
 
 Brightline 
 
 08-05-2020 
 
 June
 22 
 
 11373383 

Filed
 Patents: 

Real-Time
 Visualization of Head Mounted Display User Reactions 
 
 Foretell
 Reality 
 
 04-06-2022 

Audio
 Processing In a Virtual Environment 
 
 Adept
 Reality 
 
 06-22-2022 

AI
 Controlled Non-Human Conversation Flow in VR 
 
 Foretell
 Reality 
 
 06-12-2023 

Dispositional
 Affect for Virtual Character Interactions in VR Applications 
 
 Foretell
 Reality 
 
 12-13-2022 

Large
 Language Model Artificial Intelligence Spatial Core: A Collaborative Spatial Computing Platform 
 
 Brightline 
 
 06-01-2023 

10 

We
may continue to file for patents regarding various aspects of our products, services and technologies at a later date depending on the
costs and timing associated with such filings. We may make investments to further strengthen our copyright protection going forward,
although no assurances can be given that we will be successful in such patent and trademark protection endeavors. We seek to limit disclosure
of our intellectual property by requiring employees, consultants, and partners with access to our proprietary information to execute
confidentiality agreements and non-competition agreements (when applicable) and by restricting access to our proprietary information.
Due to rapid technological change, we believe that establishing and maintaining an industry and technology advantage in factors such
as the expertise and technological and creative skills of our personnel, as well as new services and enhancements to our existing services,
are more important to our business and profitability than other available legal protections. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary
rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary.
The laws of many countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Litigation may be necessary in
the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary
rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. There can be no assurance
that our means of protecting our proprietary rights will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop similar services
or products. Any failure by us to adequately protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition. See Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business. 

Business
Cycles 

Based
on our history and information available to date, we have not been able to identify any seasonality of cycles within our business. Since
Immersive technology is an emerging industry, market and customer education are material and therefore the length of the typical sales
cycle can be between 3 and 18 months, depending on the size and complexity of the proposed solution and the customer s level of
understanding of the Immersive technology space and prior experience. 

Economic
Dependence 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, one customer accounted for approximately 26 of our revenues and another for approximately 21 of our revenues.
No other customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023. One of these same customers and a different
customer accounted for approximately 40 and 14 of revenues, respectively, for the year ended June 30, 2022. For the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2022, no other customer accounted for 10 or more of our revenues. 

We
operate in an early stage industry, and customers are exploring various options for Immersive technology solutions and acting as early
adopters of these solutions. As such, there has been a high degree of variance on our source of revenues while customers are on-boarded
and our software product and solutions are integrated, measured and digested. A customer that may account for a higher concentration
of revenue in one period may not account for any revenue in subsequent periods. 

11 

With
the additions of S5D and Brightline Interactive, we have significantly increased our scale and are approaching a point with less variability
in customer concentration and less dependency on any one customer in the aggregate. That being said, we continue to have a handful of
customers that comprise the majority of our revenues. A significant reduction in revenue from our larger customers could have a material
negative impact on our operations. 

Typically,
customer contracts can be canceled at any time by the customer upon 30-90 day written notice (depending on the size and complexity of
the contract). In such an event, the customer would owe the Company unpaid amounts up until the point of cancelation. For most customers
we charge 25-50 of the contract value upfront and the amounts are usually not refundable, mitigating some of the contract cancellation
risk. While it does happen on occasion, it is rare that a signed contract is canceled. 

Facilities 

We
are based in New York, New York, with a lease through 2024. 

We
have a lease in Fort Worth, Texas for the operations of S5D, and a lease in Ashburn, Virginia for the operations of Brightline
Digital. 

We
also lease four offices in Turkey, for the operations of Glimpse Turkey and PulpoAR. 

Our
current facilities are leased and adequate to meet our ongoing needs. If we require additional space or expand geographically, we may
seek additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms at such time. 

Human
Capital 

At
June 30, 2023, we had 186 full time employees, primarily software developers, engineers and 3D artists. Of these, 86 are based in the
US and 100 internationally in Turkey. 

Corporate
Information 

Information
contained on our websites, including www.theglimpsegroup.com , shall not be deemed to be part of this filing or incorporated herein
by reference and should not be relied upon by prospective investors for the purposes of determining whether to invest in the Company. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

The
Company is an early stage technology company 

We
were incorporated on June 15, 2016 and are an early stage technology development company, comprised of a wholly-owned group of early
stage companies in the VR and AR space. As such, we are subject to the risks associated with being an early stage company operating in
an emerging industry, including, but not limited to, the risks set forth herein. 

Health
epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on our business, operations, and
the markets and communities in which we, our partners and customers operate. For example, sales cycles had generally lengthened and some
customers delayed purchase decisions. 

Our
business and operations could be adversely affected by health epidemics, including reemergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, impacting
the markets and communities in which we, our partners and customers operate. The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant business and
financial markets disruption worldwide and, if there is a reemergence of it or other epidemics they could cause disruptions on both
a nationwide and global level, as well as the ongoing effects on our business. 

For
example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we saw the length of our sale cycles generally increase and some of our customers delayed
purchase decisions. A decline in revenue or the collectability of our receivables could harm our business. 

We
have incurred significant net losses since inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future
and may never achieve or maintain profitability. There is doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Since
inception, we have incurred significant net losses. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of
approximately 56.6 million and 28.1 million respectively. The net loss for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately
 28.6 million and fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 was approximately 6.0 million. To date, we have devoted our efforts towards
securing financing, building and evolving our technology platform and creating an infrastructure that allows for the growth of such
technology platform. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and potential operating losses for the foreseeable future.
We believe that the cash and cash equivalents balance of 5.6 million at June 30, 2023 may not be sufficient to
fund our operating expenses and capital requirements for one year after the date this filing is made. The combination of operating losses, cash expected to be used to continue operating activities and uncertain conditions relating to
additional capital raises and continued revenue growth creates an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our stockholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in us. 

12 

We
may not be successful in raising additional capital necessary to meet expected funding needs. If we need additional
funding for operations and we are unable to raise it, we may not be able to continue our business operations. 

We
expect our capital needs to increase in the future as we continue to expand and enhance our operations. Our ability to raise
additional funds through equity or debt financings or other sources will depend on the financial success of our current business and
successful implementation of our key strategic initiatives, financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, some of which
are beyond our control. No assurance can be given that we will be successful in raising the required capital at reasonable cost and at
the required times, or at all. Further equity financings may have a dilutive effect on shareholders and any debt financing, if available,
may require restrictions to be placed on our future financing and operating activities. If we require additional capital and are unsuccessful
in raising that capital, we may not be able to continue our business operations and advance our growth initiatives, which could adversely
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
market is competitive and dynamic. New competing products and services could be introduced at any time that could result in reduced profit
margins and loss of market share. 

The
Immersive technology industries are very dynamic, with new technology and services being introduced by a range of players, from larger
established companies to start-ups, on a frequent basis. Our competitors may announce new products, services, or enhancements that better
meet the needs of end-users or changing industry standards. Further, new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge. Increased
competition may cause price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore,
the worldwide Immersive technology markets are increasingly competitive. A number of companies developing Immersive technology products
and services compete for a limited number of customers. Some of our competitors in this market have substantially greater financial and
other resources, larger research and development staffs, and more experience and capabilities in developing, marketing and distributing
products. Potential pricing pressure could result in significant price erosion, reduced profit margins and loss of market share, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity. 

Our
plans for growth will place significant demands upon our resources. If we are unsuccessful in achieving our plan for growth, our business
could be harmed. 

We
are actively marketing our products domestically and internationally. The plan places significant demands upon managerial, financial,
and human resources. Our ability to manage future growth will depend in large part upon several factors, including our ability to rapidly: 

build
 or leverage, as applicable, a network of business partners to create an expanding presence in the evolving marketplace for our products
 and services; 

build
 or leverage, as applicable, sales teams to keep end-users and business partners informed regarding the technical features, issues
 and key selling points of our products and services; 

attract
 and retain qualified technical personnel in order to continue to develop reliable and flexible products and provide services that
 respond to evolving customer needs; 

develop
 support capacity for end-users as sales increase, so that we can provide post-sales support without diverting resources from product
 development efforts; and 

expand
 our internal management and financial controls significantly, so that we can maintain control over our operations and provide support
 to other functional areas as the number of personnel and size increases. 

Our
inability to achieve any of these objectives could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

We
have material customer concentration, with a limited number of customers accounting for a material portion of our 2023 revenues. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, our five largest customers, accounted for approximately 59 and 66 of our revenues, respectively.
There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of customers. It is not
possible for us to predict the future level of demand for our services that will be generated by these customers or the future demand
for the products and services of these customers in the end-user marketplace. In addition, revenues from these customers may fluctuate
from time to time based on the commencement and completion of projects, the timing of which may be affected by market conditions or other
facts, some of which may be outside of our control. Further, some of our contracts with these customers permit them to terminate our
services at any time (subject to notice and certain other provisions). If any of these customers experience declining or delayed sales
due to market, economic or competitive conditions, we could be pressured to reduce the prices we charge for our services or we could
lose a major customer. Any such development could have an adverse effect on our margins and financial position, and would negatively
affect our revenues and results of operations and/or trading price of our common stock. 

We
anticipate our products and technologies will require ongoing research and development R D and we may experience
technical problems or delays and may not have the funds necessary to continue their development, which could lead our business to fail. 

Our
R D efforts are subject to the risks typically associated with the development of new products and technologies based on emerging
and innovative technologies, including, for example, unexpected technical problems or the possible insufficiency of funds for completing
development of these products or technologies. If we experience technical problems or delays, further improvements in our products or
technologies and the introduction of future products or technologies could be delayed, and we could incur significant additional expenses
and our business may fail. 

We
anticipate that we may require additional funds to increase or sustain our current levels of expenditure for the R D of new products
and technologies, and to obtain and maintain patents and other intellectual property rights in these technologies, the timing and amount
of which are difficult to forecast. Any funds we need may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we cannot obtain
the necessary additional capital when needed, we might be forced to reduce our R D efforts which would materially and adversely affect
our business. If we attempt to raise capital in an offering of shares of our common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities or
warrants, our then-existing stockholders interests will be diluted. 

Our
success depends on our ability to anticipate technological changes and develop new and enhanced products and services. 

The
markets for our products and services are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and increasingly
sophisticated customer requirements. The introduction of products embodying new technology and the emergence of new industry standards
can negatively impact the marketability of our existing products and can exert price pressures on existing products. It is critical to
our success that we are able to anticipate and react quickly to changes in technology or in industry standards and to successfully develop,
introduce, and achieve market acceptance of new, enhanced and competitive products and services on a timely basis and cost-effective
basis. We invest substantial resources towards continued innovation; however, there can be no assurance that we will successfully develop
new products and services or enhance and improve our existing products and services, that new products and services and enhanced and
improved existing products and services will achieve market acceptance or that the introduction of new products and services or enhanced
existing products and services by others will not negatively impact us. Our inability to develop products and services that are competitive
in technology and price and that meet end-user needs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

14 

Development
schedules for technology products and services are inherently uncertain. We may not meet our products and/or services development schedules,
and development costs could exceed budgeted amounts. Our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity may be materially
and adversely affected if the products or product enhancements that we develop are delayed or not delivered due to developmental problems,
quality issues or component shortage problems, or if our products or product enhancements do not achieve market acceptance or are unreliable.
We or our competitors will continue to introduce products embodying new technologies. In addition, new industry standards may emerge.
Such events could render our existing products obsolete or not marketable, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, financial position and liquidity. 

We
place significant decision making powers with our subsidiaries management, which presents certain risks that may cause the operating
results of individual subsidiaries to vary. 

We
believe that our practice of placing significant decision making powers with each of our subsidiaries management is important
to our successful growth and allows us to be responsive to opportunities and to our customers needs. However, this practice could
make it difficult to coordinate procedures across our operations and presents certain risks, including the risk that we may be slower
or less effective in our attempts to identify or react to problems affecting an important business issue, or that we would be slower
to identify a misalignment between a subsidiary s and our overall business strategy. Inconsistent implementation of corporate strategy
and policies at the subsidiary level could materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows
and prospects. 

The
operating results of an individual subsidiary may differ from those of another subsidiary for a variety of reasons, including market
size, customer base, competitive landscape, regulatory requirements and economic conditions affecting a particular industry vertical.
As a result, certain of our subsidiaries may experience higher or lower levels of profitability and growth than other subsidiaries. 

The
failure to attract, hire, retain and motivate key personnel could have a significant adverse impact on our operations. 

Our
success depends on the retention and maintenance of key personnel, including members of senior management and our technical, sales and
marketing teams. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including competition for such highly skilled personnel;
fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions; changes in our management or leadership; competitors hiring practices;
and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. The loss of any of these key persons could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. Competition for qualified employees is particularly intense in the technology
industry. Our failure to attract and to retain the necessary qualified personnel could seriously harm our operating results and financial
condition. Competition for such personnel can be intense, and no assurance can be provided that we will be able to attract or retain
highly qualified technical and managerial personnel in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our future growth and
profitability. 

Our
financial results may fluctuate substantially for many reasons, and past results should not be relied on as indications of future performance. 

Our
revenues and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and from year to year due to a combination of factors, including,
but not limited to: 

varying
 size, timing and contractual terms of orders for our products and services, which may delay the recognition of revenue; 

competitive
 conditions in the industry, including strategic initiatives by us or our competitors, new products or services, product or service
 announcements and changes in pricing policy by us or our competitors; 

market
 acceptance of our products and services; 

15 

our
 ability to maintain existing relationships and to create new relationships with customers and business partners; 

the
 discretionary nature of purchase and budget cycles of our customers and end-users; 

the
 length and variability of the sales cycles for our products; 

general
 weakening of the economy resulting in a decrease in the overall demand for our products and services or otherwise affecting the capital
 investment levels of businesses with respect to our products or services; 

timing
 of product development and new product initiatives; 

changes
 in customer mix; 

increases
 in the cost of, or limitations on, the availability of materials; 

changes
 in product mix; and 

increases
 in costs and expenses associated with the introduction of new products. 

Further,
the markets that we serve are volatile and subject to market shifts that we may be unable to anticipate. A slowdown in the demand for
AR or VR products and services can have a significant adverse effect on the demand for our products and services in any given period.
Our customers may cancel or delay purchase orders for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, the rescheduling of new product
introductions, changes in our customers inventory practices or forecasted demand, general economic conditions affecting our customers 
markets, changes in our pricing or the pricing of our competitors, new product announcements by us or others, quality or reliability
problems related to our products, or selection of competitive products as alternate sources of supply. 

Thus,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to reach profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. We believe that our revenue and
operating results will continue to fluctuate, and that period-to-period comparisons are not necessarily indications of future performance.
Our revenue and operating results may fail to meet the expectations of public market analysts or investors, which could have a material
adverse effect on the price of our common stock. In addition, portions of our expenses are fixed and difficult to reduce if our revenues
do not meet our expectations. These fixed expenses magnify the adverse effect of any revenue shortfall. 

Our
plans for implementing our business strategy and achieving profitability are based upon the experience, judgment and assumptions of our
key management personnel, and available information concerning the communications and technology industries. If management s assumptions
prove to be incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
centralized management will have significant discretion over directing our resources and if management does not allocate resources effectively,
our business, financial condition or result of operations could be harmed. 

Our
centralized management has significant discretion over directing our resources to any and all of our subsidiary companies. As a consequence,
it is possible that one or more of our subsidiary companies will not receive adequate capital or management resources. If a subsidiary
company does not receive adequate capital or resources, it may not be able to commercialize its products and services, or if its products
and services are already commercialized, it may not be able to keep such products and services competitive. Therefore, if we don t
allocate resources effectively, our business, financial condition or result of operations could be harmed. 

16 

Competitive
pricing pressure may reduce our gross profits and adversely affect our financial results. 

If
we are unable to maintain our pricing due to competitive pressures or other factors, our margins will be reduced and our gross profits,
business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. The subscription prices for our software platforms,
cloud modules, and professional services may decline for a variety of reasons, including competitive pricing pressures, discounts, anticipation
of the introduction of new solutions by our competitors, or promotional programs offered by us or our competitors. Competition continues
to increase in the market segments in which we operate, and we expect competition to further increase in the future. 

Our
future growth depends on our ability to attract, retain customers, and the loss of existing customers, or failure to attract new ones,
could adversely impact our business and future prospects. 

Once
the platform is further developed, the size of our community of customers on our platforms is critical to our success. Our ability to
achieve profitability in the future will depend, in large part, on our ability to add new customers, while retaining and even expanding
offerings to existing customers. Our customers can generally decide to cease using our solutions at any time. While we have experienced
customer growth, this growth may not continue at the same pace in the future or at all. In addition, it is possible that a recurrence
of COVID-19 or a like kind pandemic occurrence may have a deleterious effect on our customer growth in the future. Achieving growth in
our customer base may require us to engage in increasingly sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts that may not result in
additional customers. We may also need to modify our pricing model to attract and retain such customers. If we fail to attract new customers
or fail to maintain or expand existing relationships in a cost-effective manner, our business and future prospects may be materially
and adversely impacted. 

The
continued operation of our business depends on the performance and reliability of the Internet, mobile networks, and other infrastructure
that is not under our control. 

Our
business depends on the performance and reliability of the Internet, mobile networks, and other infrastructure that is not under our
control. Disruptions in such infrastructure, including as the result of power outages, telecommunications delay or failure, security
breach, or computer virus, as well as failure by telecommunications network operators to provide us with the bandwidth we need to provide
our products and offerings, could cause delays or interruptions to our products, offerings, and platforms. Any of these events could
damage our reputation, resulting in fewer users actively using our platforms, disrupt our operations, and subject us to liability, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

If
we do not make our platforms, including new versions or technology advancements, easier to use or properly train customers on how to
use our platforms, our ability to broaden the appeal of our products and services and to increase our revenue could suffer. 

In
order to get full use of our platforms, users generally need training. We provide a variety of training and support services to our customers,
and we believe we will need to continue to maintain and enhance the breadth and effectiveness of our training and support services as
the scope and complexity of our platforms increase. If we do not provide effective training and support resources for our customers on
how to efficiently and effectively use our platforms, our ability to grow our business will suffer, and our business and results of operations
may be adversely affected. Additionally, when we announce or release new versions of our platforms or advancements in our technology,
we could fail to sufficiently explain or train our customers on how to use such new versions or advancements or we may announce or release
such versions prematurely. These failures on our part may lead to our customers being confused about use of our products or expected
technology releases, and our ability to grow our business, results of operations, brand and reputation may be adversely affected. 

Interruptions,
performance problems or defects associated with our platforms may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
reputation and ability to attract and retain customers and grow our business depends in part on our ability to operate our platforms
at high levels of reliability, scalability and performance, including the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our
platforms at any time and within an acceptable amount of time. Interruptions in the performance of our platforms, whether due to system
failures, computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins, could affect the availability of our platforms. We have experienced,
and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure
changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of customers
accessing our platforms simultaneously, denial of service attacks or other security-related incidents. 

17 

It
may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times and as our customer base
grows and our platforms becomes more complex. If our platforms are unavailable or if our customers are unable to access our platforms
within a reasonable amount of time or at all, we may experience a loss of customers, lost or delayed market acceptance of our platforms,
delays in payment to us by customers, injury to our reputation and brand, legal claims against us, significant cost of remedying these
problems and the diversion of our resources. In addition, to the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade
our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in
technology, our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our reputation, may be adversely affected. 

Further,
the software technologies underlying our platforms are inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, particularly when
new products are first introduced or when new features or capabilities are released. We have from time to time found defects or errors
in our platforms, and new defects or errors in our existing platforms or new products may be detected in the future by us or our users.
We cannot assure you that our existing platforms and new products will not contain defects. Any real or perceived errors, failures, vulnerabilities,
or bugs in our platforms could result in negative publicity or lead to data security, access, retention or other performance issues,
all of which could harm our business. The costs incurred in correcting such defects or errors may be substantial and could harm our business.
Moreover, the harm to our reputation and legal liability related to such defects or errors may be substantial and could similarly harm
our business. 

If
we fail to timely release updates and new features to our platforms and adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology,
evolving industry standards, changing regulations, or changing customer needs, requirements or preferences, our platforms may become
less competitive. 

The
markets in which we compete are subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, and changing regulations, as well
as changing customer needs, requirements and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and
respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis. Accordingly, our ability to increase our revenue depends in large part on our
ability to maintain, improve and differentiate our existing platforms and introduce new functionality. 

We
must continue to improve existing features and add new features and functionality to our platforms in order to retain our existing customers
and attract new ones. If the technology underlying our platforms become obsolete or do not address the needs of our customers, our business
would suffer. 

Revenue
growth from our products depends on our ability to continue to develop and offer effective features and functionality for our customers
and to respond to frequently changing data protection regulations, policies and end-user demands and expectations, which will require
us to incur additional costs to implement. If we do not continue to improve our platforms with additional features and functionality
in a timely fashion, or if improvements to our platforms are not well received by customers, our revenue could be adversely affected. 

If
we fail to deliver timely releases of our products that are ready for commercial use, release a new version, service, tool or update
with material errors, or are unable to enhance our platforms to keep pace with rapid technological and regulatory changes or respond
to new offerings by our competitors, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive solutions at lower prices, more
efficiently, more conveniently or more securely than our solutions, or if new operating systems, gaming platforms or devices are developed
and we are unable to support our customers deployment of games and other applications onto those systems, platforms or devices,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

18 

We
are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including
the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Pursuant to Section
107 of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we may choose to elect to use the extended transition period for complying with new
or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As a result, our consolidated financial
statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or
revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies, which may make our common stock less attractive to investors. In
addition, if we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will no longer be able to use the extended transition period for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of
our initial public offering; (2) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenue is 1.235 billion or more; (3)
the date on which we have, during the previous rolling three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities;
and (4) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. For example, if we do
not adopt a new or revised accounting standard, our future results of operations may not be as comparable to the results of operations
of certain other companies in our industry that adopted such standards. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a
result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock, and our stock price may be more volatile. 

A failure in our information
technology, or IT, systems could cause interruptions in our services, undermine the responsiveness of our services, disrupt our business,
damage our reputation and cause losses. 

Our IT systems support all phases of our operations, including finance,
marketing, customer development and the business of customer support services. If our systems fail to perform, we could experience disruptions
in operations, slower response time or decreased customer satisfaction. System interruptions, errors or downtime can result from a variety
of causes, including changes in customer usage patterns, technological failures, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems
and power failures. Our systems may be vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, errors in models, employee misconduct,
unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, computer viruses or cyberattacks, terrorist
attacks, natural disaster, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws, events impacting key business partners and vendors, and
similar events. 

It could take an extended period of time to restore full functionality
to our technology or other operating systems in the event of an unforeseen occurrence. Instances of fraud or other misconduct might also
negatively impact our reputation and customer confidence in us, in addition to any direct losses that might result from such instances.
Despite our efforts to identify areas of risk, oversee operational areas involving risks, and implement policies and procedures designed
to manage these risks, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses, reputational damage or regulatory actions
due to technology or other operational failures or errors, including those of our vendors or other third parties. 

If we fail to prevent security breaches, improper
access to or disclosure of our data or user data, or other hacking and attacks, we may lose users, and our business, reputation, financial
condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our business can include the hosting and/or transmission of proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. In connection with our services business, some of our employees also have access to its
customers confidential data and other information, which could be compromised, whether intentionally or unintentionally, by our
employees, consultants or vendors. 

We have privacy and data security policies in place that are designed to
prevent security breaches and we have employed significant resources to develop our security measures against breaches. However, as technologies
evolve, and the portfolio of the service providers with which the Company shares confidential information with grows, we could be exposed
to increased risk of breaches in security and other illegal or fraudulent acts, including cyberattacks. The evolving nature of such threats,
in light of new and sophisticated methods used by criminals and cyberterrorists, including computer viruses, malware, phishing, misrepresentation,
social engineering and forgery, is making it increasingly challenging to anticipate and adequately mitigate these risks. 

We may be subject to these types of attacks. If we are unable to avert
these attacks and security breaches, we could be subject to significant legal and financial liabilities, our reputation would be harmed
and we could sustain substantial revenue loss from lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. We may not have the resources or technical
sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks may target us, our suppliers, customers
or other participants, or the internet infrastructure on which we depend. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks may cause us to incur
significantly higher costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and network protection technologies, train employees, and engage
third-party experts and consultants. While we do carry cybersecurity insurance, we may not be able to mitigate such risks to any third
party. Cybersecurity breaches would not only harm our reputation and business, but also could materially decrease our revenue and net
income. 

A compromise of the security of our information technology systems leading
to theft or misuse of our own or our clients proprietary or confidential information, or the public disclosure or use of such information
by others, could result in losses, third-party claims against us and reputational harm, including the loss of clients. The theft or compromise
of our or our clients information could negatively impact our reputation, financial results and prospects. In addition, if our
reputation is damaged due to a data security breach, our ability to attract new engagements and clients may be impaired or we may be subjected
to damages or penalties, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial results or financial condition. 

19 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR ACQUISITION STRATEGY 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to fund the existing operations of the business, complete future acquisitions
or to fund the development and commercialization of the companies, technologies, or intellectual property. 

Our
primary business strategy is to: 1) generate and increase revenues of existing subsidiary companies and 2) to further enhance our presence
in the Immersive technology market through the acquisition of additional companies, technologies, or intellectual property. If our existing
subsidiary companies do not achieve sufficient levels of revenue and profits, we may be required to seek additional financing through
the issuance of equity or debt securities or other arrangements to finance the operations of the business. 

Additionally,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify, acquire or profitably manage such additional companies, technologies,
or intellectual property or successfully integrate these, if any, into the Glimpse ecosystem without substantial costs, delays or other
operational or financial problems. If potential acquisition targets are unwilling to accept our equity as the consideration for their
businesses, then we may be required to seek additional financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities or other arrangements
to finance the acquisition transaction. If we complete a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations
or growth of an acquisition target. Further, acquisitions involve a number of other special risks, including possible adverse effects
on our operating results, diversion of management s attention, dependence on retention, hiring and training of key personnel, risks
associated with unanticipated problems or legal liabilities, and realization of acquired intangible assets, some or all of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there can be no assurance
that the companies, technologies, or intellectual property acquired in the future, if any, will generate anticipated revenues and earnings.
As a result, we may be required to seek additional financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities or other arrangements.
To the extent that we are unable to acquire additional companies, technologies, or intellectual property or integrate those successfully,
our ability to generate and increase our revenues may be reduced significantly. As a result, we may be required to seek additional financing
through the issuance of equity or debt securities or other arrangements. As an early-stage company, we cannot assure that such financing
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

With
respect to our future acquisition strategy, no assurance can be made that we will have the funds necessary to make future acquisitions.
To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable, that fact will likely have a negative impact on our business and we
may be compelled to restructure the operations of the business or abandon a particular contemplated business combination. 

If
we fail to integrate any existing or acquired subsidiaries into the Glimpse ecosystem, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of
the collaborative Glimpse ecosystem and the integration of any acquisitions, which could harm our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

Even
though Glimpse s ecosystem provides a centralized corporate structure and the potential for cross company collaboration synergies,
each subsidiary company has its own business development, technology development, sales team and general manager. Although we believe
that the integration of our existing subsidiary companies has been a success, there is still continued risk that we may encounter difficulties
related to continued integration of the existing subsidiary companies in the future. There is also the risk that the business development,
sales team and general manager of a future acquired subsidiary are unsuccessful. Some of these risks are out of our control. Successfully
integrating any acquired subsidiary may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than we anticipate, or we may not otherwise realize
any of the anticipated benefits of such acquisition. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

We
have made a number of acquisitions in the past and we intend to make more acquisitions in the future. Our ability to identify complementary
assets, products or businesses for acquisition and successfully integrate them could affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

In
the future, we intend to continue to pursue acquisitions of assets, products or businesses that we believe are complementary to our existing
business and/or to enhance our market position or expand our product portfolio. There is a risk that we will not be able to identify
suitable acquisition candidates available for sale at reasonable prices, complete any acquisition, or successfully integrate any acquired
product or business into our operations. We may face competition for acquisition candidates from other parties including those that have
substantially greater available resources. Acquisitions may involve a number of other risks, including: 

diversion
 of management s attention from other subsidiaries; 

disruption
 to our ongoing business; 

failure
 to retain key acquired personnel; 

difficulties
 in integrating acquired operations, technologies, products, or personnel; 

unanticipated
 expenses, events, or circumstances; 

assumption
 of disclosed and undisclosed liabilities; and 

inappropriate
 valuation of the acquired in-process R D, or the entire acquired business. 

If
we do not successfully address these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with an acquisition, the acquisition could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Problems with an acquired business could
have a material adverse effect on our performance or our business as a whole. In addition, if we proceed with an acquisition, our available
cash may be used to complete the transaction, diminishing our liquidity and capital resources, or shares may be issued which could cause
significant dilution to existing shareholders. 

20 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

If
we cannot obtain and maintain appropriate patent and other intellectual property rights protection for our technology, our business will
suffer. 

The
value of our software and services is dependent on our ability to secure and maintain appropriate patent and other intellectual property
rights protection. We intend to continue to pursue additional patent protection for our new software and technology. Although we own
multiple patents covering our technology that have already been issued, we may not be able to obtain additional patents that we apply
for, or that any of these patents, once issued, will give us commercially significant protection for our technology, or will be found
valid if challenged. Moreover, we have not obtained patent protection for our technology in all foreign countries in which our products
might be sold. In any event, the patent laws and enforcement regimes of other countries may differ from those of the United States as
to the patentability of our personal display and related technologies and the degree of protection afforded. 

Any
patent or trademark owned by us may be challenged and invalidated or circumvented. Patents may not be issued from any of our pending
or future patent applications. Any claims and issued patents or pending patent applications may not be broad or strong enough and may
not be issued in all countries where our products can be sold or our technologies may not be licensed to provide meaningful protection
against any commercial damage to us. Further, others may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies, duplicate
our technologies or design around the patents owned by us. Effective intellectual property protection may be unavailable or limited in
certain foreign countries. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise
use aspects of our processes and devices that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary information and
technology is difficult and our efforts to do so may not prevent misappropriation of our technologies. In the event that our intellectual
property protection is insufficient to protect our intellectual property rights, we could face increased competition in the market for
our products and technologies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may become engaged in litigation to protect or enforce our patent and other intellectual property rights or in International Trade Commission
proceedings to abate the importation of goods that would compete unfairly with our products. In addition, we may have to participate
in interference or reexamination proceedings before the US Patent and Trademark Office, or in opposition, nullification or other proceedings
before foreign patent offices, with respect to our patents or patent applications. All of these actions would place our patents and other
intellectual property rights at risk and may result in substantial costs to us as well as a diversion of management attention. Moreover,
if successful, these actions could result in the loss of patent or other intellectual property rights protection for the key technologies
on which our business strategy depends. 

In
addition, we rely in part on unpatented proprietary technology, and others may independently develop the same or similar technology or
otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technology. To protect our trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information, we require
employees, consultants, financial advisors and strategic partners to enter into confidentiality agreements. These agreements may not
provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use,
misappropriation or disclosure of those trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. In particular, we may not be able to
fully or adequately protect our proprietary information as we conduct discussions with potential strategic partners. If we are unable
to protect the proprietary nature of our technology, it will harm our business. 

Despite
our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, intellectual property laws afford us only limited protection. A third party
could copy or otherwise obtain information from us without authorization. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent misappropriation
of our intellectual property or to deter others from developing similar products or services. Further, monitoring the unauthorized use
of our intellectual property is difficult. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the
validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources,
may result in counterclaims or other claims against us and could significantly harm our results of operations. In addition, the laws
of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

21 

As
is commonplace in technology companies, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other technology companies. To the extent
our employees are involved in research areas that are similar to those areas in which they were involved at their former employers, we
may be subject to claims that such employees or we have, inadvertently or otherwise, used or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other
proprietary information of the former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against such claims. Litigation of this type could
result in substantial costs to us and divert our resources. 

We
also depend on trade secret protection through confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, subsidiaries, licensees, licensors
and others. We may not have agreements containing adequate protective provisions in every case, and the contractual provisions that are
in place may not provide us with adequate protection in all circumstances. The unauthorized reproduction or other misappropriation of
our intellectual property could diminish the value of our brand, competitive advantages or goodwill and result in decreased sales. 

We
may incur substantial costs or lose important rights as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to our products, patents
and other intellectual property rights. 

In
recent years, there has been significant litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in many technology-related
industries. Until recently, patent applications were retained in secrecy by the US Patent and Trademark Office until and unless a patent
was issued. As a result, there may be US patent applications pending of which we are unaware that may be infringed by the use of our
technology or a part thereof, thus substantially interfering with the future conduct of our business. In addition, there may be issued
patents in the United States or other countries that are pertinent to our business of which we are not aware. We and our customers could
be sued by other parties for patent infringement in the future. Such lawsuits could subject us and them to liability for damages or require
us to obtain additional licenses that could increase the cost of our products, which might have an adverse effect on our sales. 

In
addition, in the future we may assert our intellectual property rights by instituting legal proceedings against others. We may not be
able to successfully enforce our patents in any lawsuits we may commence. Defendants in any litigation we may commence to enforce our
patents may attempt to establish that our patents are invalid or are unenforceable. Any patent litigation could lead to a determination
that one or more of our patents are invalid or unenforceable. If a third party succeeds in invalidating one or more of our patents, we
may experience greater competition from such party and from others. Our ability to derive sales from products or technologies covered
by these patents could be adversely affected. 

Whether
we are defending the assertion of third party intellectual property rights against our business as a result of the use of our technology,
or we are asserting our own intellectual property rights against others, such litigation can be complex, costly, protracted and highly
disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and key technical personnel. As a result,
the pendency or adverse outcome of any intellectual property litigation to which we are subject could disrupt business operations, require
the incurrence of substantial costs and subject us to significant liabilities, each of which could severely harm our business. 

Plaintiffs
in intellectual property cases often seek injunctive relief. Any intellectual property litigation commenced against us could force us
to take actions that could be harmful to our business and thus to our sales, including the following: 

discontinuing selling the products that incorporate or otherwise use technology that contains our allegedly infringing intellectual property; 

attempting to obtain a license to the relevant third party intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at
all; or 

attempting to redesign our products to remove our allegedly infringing intellectual property. 

If
we are forced to take any of the foregoing actions, we may be unable to sell products that incorporate our technology at a profit or
at all. Furthermore, the measure of damages in intellectual property litigation can be complex, and is often subjective or uncertain.
If we were to be found liable for infringement of proprietary rights of a third party, the amount of damages we might have to pay could
be substantial and is difficult to predict. Decreased sales of our products incorporating our technology would adversely affect our results
of operations. Any necessity to procure rights to the third party technology might cause us to negotiate the royalty terms of the third
party license which could increase our cost of production or, in certain cases, terminate our ability to build some of our products entirely. 

22 

Our
failure to renew, register or otherwise protect our trademarks could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and our ability
to use those names in certain geographical areas. 

We
believe our copyrights and trademarks are integral to our success. We rely on trademark, copyright and other intellectual property laws
to protect our proprietary rights. If we fail to properly register and otherwise protect our trademarks, service marks and copyrights,
we may lose our rights, or our exclusive rights, to them. In that case, our ability to effectively market and sell our products and services
could suffer, which could harm our business. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES AND OTHER RISKS 

Our
stock price may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 

We
cannot predict the prices at which our common stock will trade. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common
stock include the following: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition or results of operations; 

variance
 in our financial performance from expectations of securities analysts; 

changes
 in the pricing of the solutions on our platforms; 

changes
 in our projected operating and financial results; 

changes
 in laws or regulations applicable to our platforms; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions or new offerings; 

sales
 of shares of our common stock by us or our shareholders; 

significant
 data breaches, disruptions to or other incidents involving our platforms; 

our
 involvement in litigation; 

conditions
 or developments affecting the AR and VR industries; 

future
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders, as well as the anticipation of lock-up releases; 

changes
 in senior management or key personnel; 

the
 trading volume of our common stock; 

changes
 in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market; 

general
 economic and market conditions; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, global pandemics or responses to these events. 

Broad
market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may also negatively impact
the market price of our common stock. In addition, technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. In the
past, companies who have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action
litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial expenses and divert our
management s attention. 

23 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, the market
price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 

The
market price and trading volume of our common stock may be heavily influenced by the way analysts interpret our financial information
and other disclosures. We do not have control over these analysts. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if industry
analysts cease coverage of us, our stock price could be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research
or reports about our business, downgrade our common stock, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock
could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline and could decrease the trading volume of our common stock. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will
depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and, subject to the discretionary dividend policy described in Part
II, Item 5 of this report, we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in
the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, you may need to rely on sales of our common stock after
price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on your investment. 

Costs
as a result of operating as a public company are significant, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance
with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, insurance, investor relations and other expenses that we did not incur as a
private company, which we expect to further increase after we are no longer an emerging growth company. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market, and other
applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel devotes
a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial
compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

An
active trading market for our securities may not exist, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The
price of our securities may vary significantly due to results of operations, general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active
trading market for our securities may not exist or be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established
and sustained. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage
our business, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 

We
are required to comply with various regulatory and reporting requirements, including those required by the SEC. Complying with these
reporting and other regulatory requirements is time-consuming and results in increased costs to us and could have a negative effect on
our results of operations, financial condition or business. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the Exchange
Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources. The
Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. To maintain
and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, we need to commit significant resources, hire additional staff
and provide additional management oversight. We will be implementing additional procedures and processes for the purpose of addressing
the standards and requirements applicable to public companies. Sustaining our growth also will require us to commit additional management,
operational and financial resources to identify new professionals to join our firm and to maintain appropriate operational and financial
systems to adequately support expansion. These activities may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or business. 

24 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
are based in New York, New York. Our current facilities are leased and adequate to meet our ongoing needs. If we require additional space
or expand geographically, we may seek additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms at such time. 

We
lease other office space in Fort Worth, Texas, and Ashburn, Virginia. We also lease several small offices in Turkey for the operations
of Glimpse Turkey. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable 

25 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Information
with Respect to our Common Stock 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, LLC, or Nasdaq, and began trading on July 1, 2021 under the symbol VRAR . 

Holders
of Record 

Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol VRAR. As of September 22, 2023, we had 122 holders of record
of our common stock based upon the records of our transfer agent, which do not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares
are held in the names of various securities brokers, dealers and registered clearing agencies. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

For
the period April 1 to June 30, 2023: 

Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Cash 
 Proceeds 
 Value
 of 
 Shares 
 
 Exercise of options 
 345 
 - 
 1,553 
 
 Contingent acquisition obligation 
 285,714 
 - 
 1,184,285 
 
 Compensation and vendor
 expense 
 75,738 
 - 
 307,835 
 
 Total 
 361,797 
 - 
 1,493,673 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

26 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. Although we currently intend to retain all available funds and future
earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, we are committed, subject to the limitations on distributions
under Nevada law, to pay certain distributions in the event (i) we sell the business of any of our subsidiaries; or (ii) we report consolidated
net income on our fiscal year end audited financial statements. No assurances can be made that any such milestone will be achieved or
if achieved that our Board of Directors will approve any distribution in connection therewith. 

Distribution
upon sale of business . In the event we sell all or substantially all of the business of any of our subsidiaries, whether by means
of a merger, asset sale, stock sale or otherwise, for a price in excess of 10,000,000, we may distribute no less than 85 of the after-tax
net proceeds for such sale. However, such distribution shall be subject to a determination by our Board of Directors that there exist
no special circumstances that would prevent it from approving such distribution or the extent thereof. Such special circumstances could
include, but not be limited to, the Company or any of its subsidiary companies contemplating or actively being engaged in a prospective
acquisition or acquisitions that may require the use of such net proceeds, or other uses integral to the operations, growth or business
development of any existing subsidiary company. Moreover, such distribution may be waived, in writing, by the holders of a majority of
our securities holders entitled to vote, voting together as a single class. 

Distribution
of consolidated net income . In the event our annual audited financial statements report consolidated net income, we may distribute,
within 90 days after completion of such audit, 10 of the consolidated net income for such fiscal year. However, such distribution shall
be subject to a determination by our Board of Directors that there exist no special circumstances that would prevent it from approving
such distribution or the extent thereof. Such special circumstances could include, but not be limited to, the Board of Directors determining
that such distribution, which could have otherwise been reinvested into our existing businesses, would impair our ability to execute
on our business strategy. Moreover, such distribution may be waived, in writing, by the holders of a majority of our securities holders
entitled to vote, voting together as a single class. 

Subject
to the distribution intentions discussed above, any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any,
will be subject to the limitations on distributions under Nevada law, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business
prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be restricted by
any agreements we may enter into in the future. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

Not
required. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
objective of this Management s Discussion and Analysis is to allow investors to view the Company from management s perspective,
considering items that would have a material impact on future operations. The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations
and financial condition of The Glimpse Group, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively referred to as Glimpse 
or the Company as of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. References
in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to us , we ,
 our and similar terms refer to the Company. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations contains statements that are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions
that are subject to risk, uncertainties and other factors. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as may, 
 will, expect, believe, anticipate, intend, could, 
 estimate, or continue, and similar expressions or variations. Actual results could differ materially because
of the factors discussed in Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report, and other factors that we may not know. 

27 

Overview 

We
are an Immersive technology company, comprised of a diversified group of wholly-owned and operated Virtual VR and Augmented AR Reality software and services companies, providing enterprise-focused software, services and solutions. We believe
that we offer significant exposure to the rapidly growing and potentially transformative Immersive technology markets, while mitigating
downside risk via our diversified model and ecosystem. 

Our
platform of Immersive technology subsidiary companies, collaborative environment and diversified business model aims to simplify the
challenges faced by companies in the emerging Immersive technology industry, potentially improving each subsidiary company s ability
to succeed, while simultaneously providing investors an opportunity to invest directly via a diversified infrastructure. 

By
leveraging our platform, we strive to cultivate and manage the business operations of our Immersive technology subsidiary companies,
with the goal of allowing each underlying company to better focus on mission-critical endeavors, collaborate with the other subsidiary
companies, reduce time to market, optimize costs, improve product quality and leverage joint go-to-market strategies. Subject to operational,
market and financial developments and conditions, we intend to carefully add to our current portfolio of subsidiary companies via a combination
of organic expansion and/or outside acquisitions. 

The
Immersive technology industry is an early-stage technology industry with nascent markets. We believe that this industry has significant
growth potential across verticals, may be transformative and that our diversified platform and ecosystem create important competitive
advantages. Our subsidiary companies currently target a wide array of industry verticals, including but not limited to: Corporate Training,
Education, Healthcare, Government Defense Branding/Marketing/Advertising, Retail, Financial Services, Food Hospitality, Media
 Entertainment, Architecture/Engineering/Construction AEC ), Corporate Events and Presentations, Beauty and Cosmetics,
and Social VR support groups and therapy. We do not currently target direct-to-consumer B2C customers, we focus primarily
on the business-to-business B2B and business-to-business-to-consumer B2B2C segments. In addition, we
are hardware agnostic. 

At
the time of this filing, we have approximately 165 full time employees, primarily software developers, engineers and 3D artists. Of these,
approximately 77 are based in the US and 88 internationally primarily in Turkey. 

The
following information should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes contained in this Annual
Report. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Basis
of presentation 

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America GAAP ). While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in our financial statements,
we believe the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating this management discussion
and analysis. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the balances of Glimpse and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use
of Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

28 

The
principal estimates relate to the valuation of allowance for doubtful accounts, stock options, warrants, revenue recognition, cost of
goods sold, allocation of the purchase price of assets relating to business combinations, calculation of contingent consideration for
acquisitions and fair value of intangible assets. 

Business
Combinations 

The
results of a business acquired in a business combination are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the
date of the acquisition. Purchase accounting results in assets and liabilities of an acquired business generally being recorded at their
estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Any excess consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
is recognized as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. 

The
Company performs valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and allocates the purchase price to its respective assets and
liabilities. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may require management to use significant judgment
and estimates, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenues, costs and cash flows. Estimates of fair
value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual
results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, which is typically one year from the acquisition date, if new information
is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, changes in the estimated values of the net assets
recorded may change the amount of the purchase price allocated to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. At times, the Company engages the assistance of valuation specialists
in concluding on fair value measurements in connection with determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business
combination. 

Further,
during the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company early adopted ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for
Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers , which requires an acquirer to account for the related revenue
contracts, acquired in the business acquisition, in accordance with ASC Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with a Customer as if
the Company had originated the contracts. 

Intangible
assets (other than Goodwill) 

Intangible
assets represent the allocation of a portion of an acquisition s purchase price. They include acquired customer relationships and
developed technology purchased. Intangible assets are stated at allocated cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. The Company reviews intangibles, being amortized,
for impairment when current events indicate that the fair value may be less than the carrying value. 

Goodwill

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in business combinations accounted
for under the acquisition method. Goodwill is not amortized but instead is tested at least annually for impairment, or more frequently
when events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

The
Company reviews long-lived assets to be held and used, other than goodwill, for impairment at least annually, or whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of recoverability is required, the estimated
undiscounted future cash flows directly associated with the asset are compared with the asset s carrying amount. If the estimated
future cash flows from the use of the asset are less than the carrying value, an impairment charge would be recorded to write down the
asset to its estimated fair value. 

29 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair
value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.
The fair value hierarchy, which is based on three levels of inputs, the first two of which are considered observable and the last unobservable,
that may be used to measure fair value, is as follows: 

Level 1 quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2 inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; or 

Level 3 unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities. 

The
Company classifies its cash equivalents and investments within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy on the basis of valuations based on
quoted prices for the specific securities in an active market. 

The
Company s contingent consideration is categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Contingent consideration is recorded
within contingent consideration, current, and contingent consideration, non-current, in the Company s consolidated balance sheets
as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. Contingent consideration has been recorded at its fair values using unobservable inputs and have included
using the Monte Carlo simulation option pricing framework, incorporating contractual terms and assumptions regarding financial forecasts,
discount rates, and volatility of forecasted revenue. The development and determination of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value
measurements and fair value calculations are the responsibility of the Company s management with the assistance of a third-party
valuation specialist. 

The
Company s other financial instruments consist primarily of accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other
liabilities, and approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Nature
of Revenues 

The
Company reports its revenues in two categories: 

Software
 Services: Virtual and Augmented Reality projects, solutions and consulting services. 

Software
 License and Software-as-a-Service SaaS ): Virtual and Augmented Reality software that is sold either as a license or
 as a SaaS subscription. 

The
Company applies the following steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations
under each of its agreements: 

identify
 the contract with a customer; 

identify
 the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine
 the transaction price; 

allocate
 the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; 

recognize
 revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied; 

determine
 that collection is reasonably assured. 

Revenue
is recognized when the Company satisfies its performance obligation under the contract by transferring the promised product to its customer
or service is performed and collection is reasonably assured. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct
product or service to a customer. A portion of the Company s contracts have a single performance obligation, as the promise to
transfer products or services is not separately identifiable from other promises in the contract and, therefore, not distinct. Other
contracts can include various services and products which are at times capable of being distinct, and therefore may be accounted for
as separate performance obligations. 

30 

Revenue
is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products or providing services.
As such, revenue is recorded net of returns, allowances, customer discounts, and incentives. Sales taxes and other taxes are excluded
from revenues. 

For
distinct performance obligations recognized at a point in time, any unrecognized portion of revenue and any corresponding unrecognized
expenses are presented as deferred revenue/contract liability and deferred costs/contract asset, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. Contract assets include cash and equity based payroll costs, and may include payments to consultants and vendors. 

For
distinct performance obligations recognized over time, the Company records a contract asset (costs in excess of billings) when revenue
is recognized prior to invoicing, or a contract liability (billings in excess of costs) when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing. 

Significant
Judgments 

The
Company s contracts with customers may include promises to transfer multiple products/services. Determining whether products/services
are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment.
Further, judgment may be required to determine the standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

The
Company generated revenue for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 by delivering: (i) Software Services, consisting primarily of VR/AR
software projects, solutions and consulting services, and (ii) Software Licenses SaaS, consisting primarily of VR and AR software
licenses or SaaS. The Company currently generates its revenues primarily from customers in the United States. 

Revenue
for a significant portion of Software Services projects and solutions (projects whereby, the development of the project leads to an identifiable
asset with an alternative use to the Company) is recognized at the point of time in which the customer obtains control of the project,
customer accepts delivery and confirms completion of the project. Certain other Software Services revenues are custom project solutions
(projects whereby, the development of the custom project leads to an identifiable asset with no alternative use to the Company, and,
in which, the Company also has an enforceable right to payment under the contract) and are therefore recognized based on the percentage
of completion using an input model with a master budget. The budget is reviewed periodically and percentage of completion adjusted accordingly. 

Revenue
for Software Services consulting services and website maintenance is recognized when the Company performs the services, typically on
a monthly retainer basis. 

Revenue
for Software License is recognized at the point of time in which the Company delivers the software and customer accepts delivery. Software
License often include third party components that are a fully integrated part of the Software License stack and are therefore considered
as one deliverable and performance obligation. If there are significant contractually stated ongoing service obligations to be performed
during the term of the Software License or SaaS contract, then revenues are recognized ratably over the term of the contract. 

31 

Employee
Stock-Based Compensation 

The
Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to grants to employees or service providers based on grant date fair values
of common stock or the stock options, which are amortized over the requisite period, as well as forfeitures as they occur. 

The
Company values the options using the Black-Scholes Merton Black Scholes method utilizing various inputs such as expected
term, expected volatility and the risk-free rate. The expected term reflects the application of the simplified method, which is the weighted
average of the contractual term of the grant and the vesting period for each tranche. Expected volatility is based upon historical volatility
for a rolling previous year s trading days of the Company s common stock. The risk-free rate is based on the implied yield
of U.S. Treasury notes as of the grant date with a remaining term approximately equal to the expected life of the award. 

Research
and Development Costs 

Research
and development expenses are expensed as incurred, and include payroll, employee benefits and stock-based compensation expense. Research
and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs. Given the emerging industry and uncertain market
environment the Company operates in, research and development costs are not capitalized. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

Leases 

Adoption
of the New Lease Accounting Standard 

On
July 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), using the modified retrospective transition method applied at
the adoption date of the standard. Results for reporting periods beginning after July 1, 2022 are presented under the new leasing standard,
while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the Company s historic accounting. The
Company has elected to utilize the package of practical expedients at the time of adoption, which allows the Company to (1) not reassess
whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, (2) not reassess the lease classification of any expired or existing
leases, and (3) not reassess initial direct costs for any existing leases. The Company also has elected to utilize the short-term lease
recognition exemption and, for those leases that qualified, the Company did not recognize right-of-use ROU assets or
lease liabilities. As a result of adoption, the Company recorded ROU assets related to office facility leases which are recognized on
the consolidated balance sheet and the associated lease liabilities are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. The present value
of the Company s remaining lease payments, which comprise the lease liabilities, was estimated using an estimated incremental borrowing
rate as of the adoption date. 

The
adoption resulted in no adjustment to July 1, 2022 accumulated deficit on the consolidated balance sheet. 

New
Lease Accounting Policies 

The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and determines the classification of the lease, as either operating or finance,
at commencement. 

For
short-term leases with expected terms of less than one year, the Company does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities. The Company
does not have any finance leases. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease
liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized
at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the rate implicit in the Company s leases
is not readily determinable, the Company uses an estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease
commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate to reflect
the profile of secured borrowing over the expected term of the leases based on the information available at the later of the initial
date of adoption or the lease commencement date. 

32 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Financial
Instruments Credit Losses 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued a new standard to replace the incurred loss impairment methodology under current GAAP with a methodology that
reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to calculate
credit loss estimates (ASC 326). The Company will be required to use a forward-looking expected credit loss model for accounts receivable,
notes receivable, loans, and other financial instruments. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities, if any, will
also be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost basis of the securities. The
Company will adopt this standard on July 1, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated
financial statements. 

Income
Taxes 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12 to simplify the accounting in ASC 740, Income Taxes . This standard removes certain
exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period,
and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. This guidance also clarifies and simplifies other areas
of ASC 740. The Company will adopt this standard on July 1, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on
its consolidated financial statements. 

Highlights

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

Summary
P L 

For the Years
 Ended 

June
 30, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

(in millions) 

Revenue 
 13.48 
 7.27 
 6.21 
 85 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 4.26 
 1.24 
 3.02 
 244 
 
 Gross Profit 
 9.22 
 6.03 
 3.19 
 53 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 38.02 
 12.37 
 25.65 
 207 
 
 Loss from Operations before Other Income (Expense) 
 (28.80 
 (6.34 
 (22.46 
 -354 
 
 Other Income (Expense),
 net 
 0.24 
 0.37 
 (0.13 
 35 
 
 Net Loss 
 (28.56 
 (5.97 
 (22.59 
 -378 

Revenue 

For the Years
 Ended 

June
 30, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

(in millions) 

Software Services 
 12.59 
 6.72 
 5.87 
 87 
 
 Software License/Software
 as a Service 
 0.89 
 0.55 
 0.34 
 62 
 
 Total
 Revenue 
 13.48 
 7.27 
 6.21 
 85 

Total
revenue for the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately 13.48 million compared to approximately 7.27 million for the year ended
June 30, 2022, an increase of approximately 85 . The increase reflects the addition of subsidiary companies through acquisitions and
new customers. 

33 

We
break out our revenues into two main categories Software Services and Software License. 

Software
 Services revenues are primarily comprised of Immersive technology projects, services related to our software licenses and consulting
 retainers. 

Software
 License revenues are comprised of the sale of our internally developed/acquired Immersive technology software as licenses or as
 software-as-a-service SaaS ). 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, Software Services revenue was approximately 12.59 million compared to approximately 6.72 million for
the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of approximately 87 . The increase reflects the addition of subsidiary companies through acquisitions
and new customers. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, Software License revenue was approximately 0.89 million compared to approximately 0.55 million for the
year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of approximately 62 . The increase reflects the addition of subsidiary companies through acquisitions
and new customers. As the Immersive technology industries continue to mature, we expect our Software License revenue to continue to grow. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, non-project revenue (i.e., Immersive technology software and services revenue only), was approximately
 4.23 million compared to approximately 4.18 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of approximately 1 . For the year
ended June 30, 2023, non-project revenue accounted for approximately 31 of total revenues compared to approximately 57 for the year
ended June 30, 2022. The decrease reflects the additions of BLI during 2023 and S5D during 2022, which primarily generate project revenue,
representing an increased portion of total revenue. 

Gross
Profit 

For the Years
 Ended 

June
 30, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

(in millions) 

Revenue 
 13.48 
 7.27 
 6.21 
 85 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 4.26 
 1.24 
 3.02 
 244 
 
 Gross Profit 
 9.22 
 6.03 
 3.19 
 53 
 
 Gross Profit Margin 
 68 
 83 

Gross
profit was approximately 68 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to approximately 83 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease
was driven by the addition of BLI and S5D lower margin project revenue. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, internal staffing was approximately 2.52 million (59 of total cost of goods sold) and approximately
 1.02 million (82 of total cost of goods sold), respectively. The decrease in internal staffing as a percentage of total cost of goods
sold was due to the addition of BLI and S5D, which have a higher utilization of external production sources. 

34 

Operating
Expenses 

For the Years
 Ended 

June
 30, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

(in millions) 

Research and development expenses 
 8.79 
 6.16 
 2.63 
 43 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5.04 
 4.45 
 0.59 
 13 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 7.49 
 3.14 
 4.35 
 139 
 
 Amortization of acquisition intangible assets 
 2.05 
 0.48 
 1.57 
 327 
 
 Intangible asset impairment 
 15.35 
 - 
 15.35 
 N/A 
 
 Change in fair value
 of acquisition contingent consideration 
 (0.70 
 (1.86 
 1.16 
 -62 
 
 Total
 Operating Expenses 
 38.02 
 12.37 
 25.65 
 207 

Operating
expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 were approximately 38.02 million compared to 12.37 million for the year ended June 30,
2022, an increase of approximately 207 . The increase is driven primarily by the non-cash impairment and amortization of intangible
assets relating to acquisitions, the addition of new subsidiaries through acquisitions and headcount additions to support
growth. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses (primarily representing headcount related costs) for the year ended June 30, 2023 were approximately 8.79 million
compared to 6.16 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of approximately 43 . This reflects the addition of several new
subsidiaries through acquisitions (primarily headcount and software expenses) and core headcount additions to support growth. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses (primarily representing headcount and administrative related costs) for the year ended June 30, 2023 were
approximately 5.04 million compared to 4.45 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of approximately 13 . This reflects
the addition of new subsidiaries through acquisitions. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales
and marketing expenses (primarily representing headcount, including incentive based, related costs) for the year ended June 30, 2023
were approximately 7.49 million compared to 3.14 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of approximately 139 . This
increase primarily reflects the addition of new subsidiaries through acquisitions, including both headcount and increased use of
outside marketing events / firms to drive revenue growth, and employee incentives based on achievement of certain revenue
targets. 

35 

Amortization
of Acquisition Intangible Assets 

Amortization
of acquisition intangible assets expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately 2.05 million compared to 0.48 million for
the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of approximately 327 . This primarily reflects the addition of new subsidiaries through acquisitions. 

Intangible
Asset Impairment 

Intangible
asset impairment for the year ended June 30, 2023 was an expense of approximately 15.35 million compared to none in the previous
year. This expense primarily represents impairment of S5D goodwill and long-lived assets. Also included is the impairment of AUGGD
goodwill and long-lived assets. 

S5D 

As
part of the Company s annual review of goodwill impairment, it was determined that recent unfavorable trends in the S5D business
indicated goodwill and long-lived assets of this subsidiary were impaired as of June 30, 2023. Actual revenue and financial results since
acquisition, and to a greater extent in recent quarters, have significantly underperformed the expectations that were employed to determine
fair value at acquisition. Cash flow of the S5D business was negative for the year ended June 30, 2023. This negative cash flow was the
result of significant declines or loss in revenue from key customers compared to previous years and occurred notwithstanding cost-cutting
efforts to mitigate the negative results. Declining revenue trends indicate the S5D business may not be able to generate positive cash
flow for the foreseeable future. The Company believed that this trend would reverse itself based on expected significant new revenue
bookings, however new revenue did not materialize and are not expected to going forward. Continued weak new order bookings have continued
through the issue date of this 10-K filing. 

Based
on the expectations that the S5D business may not be able to produce positive cash flow for the foreseeable future and no expected market
for selling the S5D business, it was determined that S5D s long-lived assets and goodwill were fully impaired as of June 30, 2023.
This determination, based on undiscounted cash flow projections, resulted in an intangible asset impairment expense of 14.87 million,
representing a full write off of the net carrying value of S5D goodwill and long-lived assets. 

At
this time, the S5D business will continue to operate. 

AUGGD 

In
March 2023, primarily due to a lack of market traction, a decision was made by the Company to cease the operations of its wholly owned
subsidiary MotionZone, LLC (dba AUGGD and divest any related assets and potential liabilities. Based on business projections,
the assets of AUGGD were not expected to generate measurable revenue, and therefore no cash flow, and were deemed worthless with no future
benefit. In April 2023 the Company executed an amendment to the original asset purchase agreement of AUGGD whereby the assets were transferred
to a new independent entity, majority owned by the original sellers of AUGGD, in return for a 19.99 interest in said new entity. Glimpse
considers this entity to have no measurable fair value for the foreseeable future. 

Accordingly,
an intangible asset impairment expense of 0.48 million, representing a full write off of the net carrying value of AUGGD goodwill and
long-lived assets has been recorded. 

Change
in Fair Value of Acquisition Contingent Consideration 

Change
in fair value of acquisition contingent consideration for the year ended June 30, 2023 was a gain of approximately 0.70 million compared
to a gain 1.86 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. This represents a change in the fair value of the contingent consideration
liability related to the BLI (2023) and S5D (2022) acquisitions. The change is driven primarily by changes in the common stock price
of Glimpse between measurement dates and revisions to revenue projections. These gains were offset by expenses related to XRT (2023)
and AUGGD (2022) representing additional contingent consideration due for certain revenue thresholds being met that were not anticipated
at the respective closings. 

36 

Other
Income (Expense) 

For the Years
 Ended 

June
 30, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

(in millions) 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 
 0.62 
 (0.62 
 N/A 
 
 Interest income 
 0.24 
 0.03 
 0.21 
 700 
 
 Loss on conversion of
 convertible notes 
 - 
 (0.28 
 0.28 
 N/A 
 
 Other
 Income (Expense), net 
 0.24 
 0.37 
 (0.13 
 -35 

Other
income (expense), net for the year ended June 30, 2023 consisted of other income of approximately 0.24 million compared to other income,
net of approximately 0.37 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, a decrease of approximately 35 . The decrease was primarily due
to a reduction in income relating to the forgiveness of a Paycheck Protection Plan loan, offset by higher interest earned on cash deposits
during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Net
loss 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, we incurred a net loss of approximately 28.57 million compared to a net loss of approximately 5.97
million for the year ended June 30, 2022, an increase of approximately 379 year-over-year. The increase is driven by non-cash
intangible asset impairment and amortization expenses relating to previous acquisitions and the addition of newly acquired
subsidiaries expenses outpacing the increase in revenue and gross profit. 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

The
following discussion and analysis includes both financial measures in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP,
as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s performance,
financial position or cash flows that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally included or excluded in the most directly
comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed as supplemental to,
and should not be considered as alternatives to, net income (loss), operating income (loss), and cash flow from operating activities,
liquidity or any other financial measures. They may not be indicative of the historical operating results of the Company nor are they
intended to be predictive of potential future results. Investors should not consider non-GAAP financial measures in isolation or as substitutes
for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Our management uses and relies on EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are
non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that both management and shareholders benefit from referring to the following non-GAAP financial
measures in planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. 

Our
management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in evaluating its financial and operational decision making and as a means to evaluate
period-to-period comparisons. Our management recognizes that the non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations because of the
described excluded items. 

The
Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as earnings (or loss) from continuing operations before the items in the table below. Adjusted EBITDA
is an important measure of our operating performance because it allows management, investors and analysts to evaluate and assess our
core operating results from period-to-period after removing the impact of items of a non-operational nature that affect comparability. 

We
have included a reconciliation of our financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP to the most comparable non-GAAP financial
measures. We believe that providing the non-GAAP financial measures, together with the reconciliation to GAAP, helps investors make comparisons
between the Company and other companies. In making any comparisons to other companies, investors need to be aware that companies use
different non-GAAP measures to evaluate their financial performance. Investors should pay close attention to the specific definition
being used and to the reconciliation between such measures and the corresponding GAAP measures provided by each company under applicable
SEC rules. 

37 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA loss for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

For the Years
 Ended 

June
 30, 

2023 
 2022 

(in millions) 
 
 Net loss 
 (28.56 
 (5.97 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2.19 
 0.54 
 
 EBITDA loss 
 (26.37 
 (5.43 
 
 Stock based compensation expenses 
 4.98 
 3.08 
 
 Change in fair value of acquisition contingent
 consideration 
 (0.70 
 (1.86 
 
 Intangible asset impairment 
 15.35 
 - 
 
 Acquisition related expenses 
 0.28 
 0.58 
 
 Stock based financing related expenses 
 - 
 0.28 
 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 
 (0.62 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA loss 
 (6.46 
 (3.97 

Adjusted
EBITDA loss for year ended June 30, 2023 was 6.46 million compared to 3.97 million for the comparable 2022 period. The increase in
EBITDA loss was driven by an increase in operating expense outlays in all areas of the Company to propel future growth, including the
acquisition of several new subsidiaries. This increase in operating expense outlays was partially offset by non-cash expenses. 

Going Concern 

The Company evaluated whether there are conditions
and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern within one year
after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. This evaluation initially does not take into consideration the
potential mitigating effect of management s plans that have not been fully implemented as of the date the financial statements are
issued. 

The Company has incurred recurring losses since
its inception, including a net loss of 28.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. In addition, as of June 30, 2023, the Company
had an accumulated deficit of 56.6 million. The Company expects to continue to generate negative cash flow for the foreseeable
future. The Company expects that its cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2023 may not be sufficient to fund operations for at
least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements and the Company will need to
obtain additional funding. Accordingly, the Company has concluded that doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern for a period of at least 12 months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

Outside
of potential revenue growth generated by the Company, in order to alleviate the going concern the Company may take actions which could
include but are not limited to: further cost reductions, equity or debt financings and restructuring of potential future cash contingent
acquisition liabilities. There is no assurance that these actions will be taken or be successful if pursued. 

The financial statements have been prepared on a going
concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and
classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainties described. 

Potential liquidity resources 

Potential liquidity resources may include the sale
of common stock pursuant to an untapped 100 million S-3 registration statement filed with the SEC on October 28, 2022. Such financing
may not be available on terms favorable to the Company, or at all. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For the Years
 Ended 

June
 30, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

(in millions) 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (9.16 
 (4.94 
 (4.22 
 -85 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (3.53 
 (5.06 
 1.53 
 30 
 
 Net cash provided by
 financing activities 
 0.06 
 26.48 
 (26.42 
 -100 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents
 and restricted cash 
 (12.63 
 16.48 
 (29.11 
 -177 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents
 and restricted cash, beginning of year 
 18.25 
 1.77 
 16.48 
 931 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents
 and restricted cash, end of year 
 5.62 
 18.25 
 (12.63 
 -69 

Operating
activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately 9.16 million, compared to approximately 4.94 million
for the year ended June 30, 2022. This is primarily driven by an increase in net loss and a decrease in accounts payable and deferred
revenue primarily related to the BLI acquisition. 

Investing
activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately 3.53 million compared to approximately 5.06
million for the year ended June 30, 2022. This primarily reflects the difference in the cash component of the BLI 2023 acquisition
compared to the S5D, XR Terra and PulpoAR 2022 acquisitions. 2023 also included a 1.0 million cash contingent consideration payment
made to S5D. 

38 

Financing
activities 

Cash
flow provided from financing activities during the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately 0.06 million, compared to 26.48 million
for the prior period. Cash flow from financing activities for the 2022 period primarily reflects the net proceeds from our IPO and Securities
Purchase Agreement. 

Capital
Resources 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had cash and cash equivalent balances of 5.62 million. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had no outstanding corporate debt obligations. 

As of June 30 2023, contingent consideration for acquisition liabilities contains cash components ranging up
to 4.5 million, potentially payable through July 2025 contingent on BLI achieving certain revenue milestones. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging growth company , as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company,
we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging
growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote
on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging growth company
we can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We intend
to avail ourselves of these options. Once adopted, we must continue to report on that basis until we no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company. 

We
will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our
initial public offering; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.235 billion or more; (iii) the date on which
we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non convertible debt securities; or (iv) the end of
any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the end of the second
quarter of that fiscal year. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these
exemptions. If, as a result of our decision to reduce future disclosure, investors find our common stock less attractive, there may be
a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

All
financial information required by this Item is attached hereto at the end of this report beginning on page F-1 and is hereby incorporated
by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

39 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of the end of such period. 

In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, we are required to apply judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also
is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
report on internal control over financial reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). All internal control systems, no matter how
well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). The COSO framework summarizes each of the
components of a company s internal control system, including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities,
(iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring. 

Based
on our evaluation under the 2013 framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

40 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information for our executive officers and directors, their ages and position(s) with the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive
 Officers 

Lyron
 Bentovim 
 
 54 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Maydan
 Rothblum 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director 
 
 D.J.
 Smith 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Creative Officer and Director 
 
 Jeff
 Meisner 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Revenue Officer and Director 
 
 Tyler
 Gates 
 
 37 
 
 Chief
 Futurist Officer and Board Observer 
 
 Non-Executive
 Directors 

Sharon
 Rowlands 
 
 64 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Ian
 Charles 
 
 55 
 
 Independent
 Director and Chair of Audit Committee 
 
 Jeff
 Enslin 
 
 56 
 
 Independent
 Director and Chair of Governance Committee 
 
 Lemuel
 Amen 
 
 57 
 
 Independent
 Director and Chair of Strategy Committee 
 
 Alexander
 Ruckdaeschel 
 
 51 
 
 Independent
 Director and Chair of Compensation Committee 

Directors
are elected and hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors are elected.
Officers are elected and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

41 

Executive
Officers 

Lyron
Bentovim has been President and Chief Executive Officer since he co-founded the Company in 2016. From July 2014 to August 2015,
Mr. Bentovim was Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Top Image Systems, a Nasdaq-listed company. From March 2013 to
July 2014, Mr. Bentovim served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of NIT Health and Chief Operating Officer and Chief
Financial Officer and Managing Director at Cabrillo Advisors. From August 2009 until July 2012, Mr. Bentovim served as the Chief Operating
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Sunrise Telecom, Inc. a Nasdaq-listed company. Prior to Sunrise Telecom, Inc., from January 2002
to July 2009, Mr. Bentovim was a Portfolio Manager for Skiritai Capital LLC, an investment advisor. Prior to Skiritai Capital LLC, Mr.
Bentovim served as the President, Chief Operating Officer and co-founder of WebBrix, Inc. Mr. Bentovim serves on the board of directors
of Manhattan Bridge Capital, a Nasdaq-listed company, and has served on the board of directors of the following publicly traded companies:
Blue Sphere, RTW Inc., Ault, Inc., Top Image Systems Ltd., Three-Five Systems Inc., Sunrise Telecom Inc., and Argonaut Technologies Inc.
Additionally, Mr. Bentovim was a Senior Engagement Manager with strategy consultancies USWeb/CKS, Mitchell Madison Group LLC and McKinsey
 Company Inc. Mr. Bentovim has an MBA from Yale School of Management and a law degree from the Hebrew University, Israel. 

Maydan
Rothblum has been Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer since he co-founded the Company in 2016 and a member of
our board of directors since July 2021. From 2004 to 2016, Mr. Rothblum served as the co-founder, Managing Director and Chief Operating
Officer of Sigma Capital Partners, a middle-market private equity firm focused on making negotiated investments directly onto the balance
sheets of, primarily, small-to-mid sized publicly traded technology companies. In addition to his role as principal investor, Mr. Rothblum
oversaw the fund s portfolio, managed the fund s day-to-day operations and financial reporting. Prior to working at Sigma
Capital Partners, Mr. Rothblum held positions at Apax Partners, a global private equity fund, and Booz, Allen Hamilton, a global
strategic consultancy. Additionally, Mr. Rothblum served as an Engineer for the Israel Defense Forces. Mr. Rothblum holds an MBA from
Columbia Business School and a BS in Industrial Engineering and Management from the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology. 

D.J.
Smith has been the Chief Creative Officer since he co-founded the company in 2016. Since June 2016, Mr. Smith has served as the
co-founder and Organizer of NYVR Meetup. Prior to co-founding the Company, Mr. Smith served as the Senior Project Manager at Avison Young,
where he managed construction and real estate development projects. From April 2016 to August 2020, Mr. Smith was the Founder of VRTech
Consulting LLC, which provided consulting for real estate development projects and virtual reality. Mr. Smith holds a B.S. in Civil Engineering
from Pennsylvania State University. 

Jeff
Meisner has been Chief Revenue Officer and a member of our board of directors since February 2022. Mr. Meisner is the General
Manager of Sector 5 Digital, LLC a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. From 2014 to 2022, Mr. Meisner was the CEO of S5D, an immersive
technology company focused on creating innovative Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, and other digital experiences, which was acquired
by the Company, as described above. From 2001 to 2019, Mr. Meisner was Chief Executive Officer and founder of Skyline Sector 5, an experiential
marketing company focused on the trade show and event industry. Prior to 2001, Mr. Meisner held various business development, operations
and executive roles for a number of technology companies. Additionally, Mr. Meisner currently serves on the Board of Directors of Cristo
Rey Fort Worth, a non-profit college preparatory high school for economically disadvantaged youth. Mr. Meisner holds a BASc. in Electrical
Engineering from The University of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada. 

Tyler
Gates , as of August 1, 2022, is the General Manager of Brightline Interactive, LLC (BLI), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
and serves as the Company s Chief Futurist Officer and as a non-voting Board Observer of the board of directors. Prior to the closing
of the BLI acquisition, Mr. Gates was the Chief Executive Officer of BLI, and has been with BLI in several executive leadership roles
since 2012. BLI focuses on interactive, spatial and immersive VR AR technology solutions for training, simulation and brand experiences.
Additionally, Mr. Gates has been the President of the VR/AR Association (VRARA) DC s Chapter since its inception in 2017 and is
the Host of VRARA s Everything VR/AR Podcast. VRARA is a global industry association for VR/AR/MR with local chapters in major
cities around the world. Mr. Gates holds a BA Degree in Corporate Communications and Interpersonal Psychology from Lenoir-Rhyne University. 

42 

Sharon
Rowlands has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2017 and was the Chair of the Company s Compensation
Committee from 2018 to 2021. She has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Newfold Digital (previously Web.com) since 2019.
She has served on the board of directors of Everbridge, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company, since 2019. Additionally, she has served on the
board of directors of Pegasystems Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company, since April 2016. She served as President of USA Today Network Marketing
Solutions at Gannett Co., a Nasdaq-listed company, from October 2017 to January 2019. Previously, Ms. Rowlands served as the Chief Executive
Officer and member of the Board of Directors of ReachLocal, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company, from April 2014 to January 2019. From November
2011 to December 2013, she was the Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of Altegrity, Inc. From October 2008
to November 2011, Ms. Rowlands was the Chief Executive Officer of Penton Media, Inc. From 1997 to 2008, Ms. Rowlands held a variety of
roles including Chief Executive Officer from 2005 to 2008, at Thomson Financial Inc. Ms. Rowlands received her post graduate certificate
in education from the University of London and her Bachelor of Arts in History from the University of Newcastle. 

Ian
Charles has served as a member of our board of directors since January 2022 and as the Chair of the Company s Audit Committee
since January 2022. Mr. Charles has approximately 25 years of executive leadership experience in technology, public markets, mergers
and acquisitions, and multinational operations. Since 2022, Mr. Charles has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Filevine, a provider
of legal SaaS solutions. From 2019 to 2021, Mr. Charles served as the Chief Financial Officer of Scoop Technologies, Inc., a workplace
management software provider. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. Charles served as the Chief Financial Officer of Planful (formerly Host Analytics),
a financial planning and analysis platform that provides financial planning, consolidation, reporting and analytics. 

Jeff
Enslin has served as a member our board of directors since July 2018 and as the Chair of the Company s Governance Committee
since January 2022. Mr. Enslin was previously the Chair of the Company s Audit Committee from 2018 to 2021. From 1995 to 2018,
Mr. Enslin was a senior partner and senior portfolio manager at Caxton Associates LP, a macro-focused hedge fund. Mr. Enslin is the founder
and managing member of Perimetre Capital LLC since 2018, where he actively manages a wide portfolio of early stage technology investments.
Mr. Enslin has served on the Investment Committees at Lehigh University (2010 to 2019) and the Peddie School (2010 to present, Advisory
Trustee). Mr. Enslin is an active mentor at both Creative Destruction Labs and Endless Frontier Labs. Mr. Enslin received his MBA in
finance and international business from New York University s Stern School of Business and his B.S. in Finance from Lehigh University. 

Lemuel
Amen has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2021 and as the Chair of the Company s Strategy Committee
since January 2022. Mr. Amen is the Founder and Chairman of Altius Manufacturing Group, LLC, an equity growth management firm, and has
held senior executive positions and led global business units for Electronic Data Systems (EDS) and 3M. Mr. Amen has served on the board
of directors for a privately held technology firm, AbeTech Inc., since 2009, and on the board of advisors of a privately held industrial
firm, Diversified Chemical Technology, Inc., since 2018. Additionally, Mr. Amen is an experienced board governance professional serving
high-growth technology, industrial services, and application software firms. Prior board governance service positions include: Chairman
of the board of directors for Viking Engineering and Development Inc. (2011 to 2017); board director and operating committee member for
Bauer Welding Metal Fabricators, Inc. (2013 to 2016); and board President and lead director for HighJump Software, Inc. (2005 to
2008). Mr. Amen served as Chairman for the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, Ninth District Advisory Council from 2012 to 2015. Additional
governance and board director service post includes: University of Michigan Dearborn, College of Business, Board of Advisors
(2019 to present); State of Minnesota Governor s Workforce Development Council (2016 to 2019); Ordway Center for the Performing
Arts (2015 to 2018); Junior Achievement Worldwide Inc., Global Board of Directors (2003 to 2008); and Northwestern University, McCormick
School of Engineering Computer Science, Industrial Advisory Board (2000 to 2006). Mr. Amen earned his M.S. in Civil and Environmental
Engineering from Northwestern University, and his B.S. in Mechanical Engineering at California State University-Northridge. 

Alexander
Ruckdaeschel has served as a member of our board of directors since July 2021 and as the Chair of the Company s Compensation
Committee since January 2022. Mr. Ruckdaeschel has worked in the financial industry for over 20 years in the U.S. and Europe as a co-founder,
partner and senior executive. Since 2012 and until recently, he served on the board of directors of Vuzix, a Nasdaq listed company and
a leading supplier of smart glasses and AR technology products and services and was the Chairman of Vuzix s compensation committee.
Mr. Ruckdaeschel co-founded Herakles Capital Management and AMK Capital Advisors in 2008. He was also a partner with Alpha Plus Advisors
and Nanostart AG, where he was the head of their U.S. group. Mr. Ruckdaeschel has significant experience in startup operations as the
manager of DAC Nanotech-Fund and Biotech-Fund, and sits on several boards. Following service in the German military, Mr. Ruckdaeschel
was a research assistant at Dunmore Management focusing on intrinsic value and identifying firms that were undervalued and had global
scale potential. 

43 

Committees
of Our Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee, a nominating and corporate governance committee, and
a strategy committee. The composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of our board of directors are described below. Members
serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our board of directors. Our board of directors may
establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee consists of Ian Charles, Lemuel Amen and Jeff Enslin. The Chair of our Audit Committee is Ian Charles. Our board of directors
has determined that Ian Charles is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations. Each member
of our audit committee can read and understand fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable requirements. In arriving
at these determinations, our board of directors has examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of
their employment. The Board has affirmatively determined that each member of the Audit Committee meets the additional independence criteria
applicable to audit committee members under Nasdaq and SEC rules. 

The
primary purpose of our audit committee is to provide assistance to the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibility
to the shareholders and others relating to (1) the integrity of the Company s financial statements, (2) the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting, (3) the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
and (4) the independent auditor s qualifications and independence. Specific responsibilities of our audit committee include: 

Reviewing
 and reassessing the charter at least annually and obtaining the approval of the board of directors; 

Reviewing
 and discussing quarterly and annual audited financial statements; 

Discussing
 the Company s policies on risk assessment and risk management; 

Discussing
 with the independent auditor the overall scope and plans for their audit, including the adequacy of staffing and budget or compensation;
 and 

Reviewing
 and approving related party transactions; 

Our
Audit Committee previously operated under a written charter, adopted by our board of directors on November 21, 2018. On April 14, 2021,
the Board approved the adoption of our Amended and Restated Audit Committee Charter. Our Audit Committee now operates under the Amended
and Restated Audit Committee Charter. Our Audit Committee will review and reassess the adequacy of the written charter on an annual basis. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Compensation Committee consists of Alexander Ruckdaeschel, Sharon Rowlands and Jeff Enslin. The Chair of our Compensation Committee is
Alexander Ruckdaeschel. The Board has affirmatively determined that each member of the Compensation Committee meets the additional independence
criteria applicable to compensation committee members under Nasdaq and SEC rules. 

The
primary purpose of our compensation committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors with respect to all forms
of compensation for the Company s executive officers and to administer the Company s equity incentive plan for employees.
Specific responsibilities of our compensation committee include: 

Reviewing
 and overseeing the Company s overall compensation philosophy, and overseeing the development and implementation of compensation
 programs aligned with the Company s business strategy; 

Determining
 the form and amount of compensation to be paid or awarded to the Chief Executive Officer CEO and all other executive
 officers of the Company; 

44 

Annually
 reviewing and approving all matters related to CEO compensation; 

Reviewing,
 adopting, amending, and terminating incentive compensation and equity plans, severance agreements, profit sharing plans, bonus plans,
 change-of-control protections, and any other compensatory arrangements for our executive officers and other senior management; and

Reviewing
 and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees, including our overall compensation philosophy.

Our
Compensation Committee previously operated under a written charter, adopted by our board of directors on November 21, 2018. On April
14, 2021, the Board approved the adoption of our Amended and Restated Compensation Committee Charter. Our Compensation Committee now
operates under the Amended and Restated Compensation Committee Charter. Our Compensation Committee will review and reassess the adequacy
of the written charter on an annual basis. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Jeff Enslin, Alexander Ruckdaeschel and Ian Charles. Jeff Enslin serves
as the Chairperson of the committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s responsibilities include: 

identifying
 individuals qualified to become board members; 

recommending
 to our board of directors the persons to be nominated for election or appointed as directors and to each board committee; 

reviewing
 and recommending to our board of directors corporate governance principles, procedures and practices, and reviewing and recommending
 to our board of directors proposed changes to our corporate governance principles, procedures and practices from time to time; and 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the composition, size and needs of our board of directors. 

Our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written charter, adopted by our board of directors on April 14, 2021.
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review and reassess the adequacy of the written charter on an annual basis. 

Strategy
Committee 

The
members of our Strategy Committee are Lem Amen, Alexander Ruckdaeschel, Jeff Enslin and Lyron Bentovim. Lem Amen serves as the Chairperson
of the Strategy Committee. The Strategy Committee s responsibilities include: 

identifying
 strategic trends within the Company and industry 

analyzing
 the potential strategic impact of various financial, operational, technological and M A alternatives 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the Company s strategic directions 

Code
of Ethics 

On
April 14, 2021, our board of directors adopted our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. The code of ethics codifies the business and
ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

45 

Director
or Officer Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, (i) no director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy
petition or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years; (ii) no director or executive officer has been convicted
of a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years; (iii) no director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order, judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities during the past ten years; and (iv) no director
or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Although
we have not adopted a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined, in
the past we determined that it was in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to combine these roles. 

Our
Board of Directors receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate
regarding our Company s assessment of risks. Our Board of Directors focuses on the most significant risks facing our Company and
our Company s general risk management strategy and ensures that risks undertaken by us are consistent with the Board s appetite
for risk. While the Board oversees our Company s risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes.
We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing our Company and that our
board leadership structure and role in risk oversight is effective. 

Director
Compensation 

Because
we are still in the development stage, our directors do not receive any cash compensation other than reimbursement for expenses incurred
during the performance of their duties or their separate duties as officers of the Company. 

The
following table sets forth information concerning equity-based compensation for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023 of our directors
serving at such time who are not also named executive officers. 

Name 
 Fiscal 
 Year 
 Fees
 Earned 
 ) 
 Option
 Options (1) 
 Stock
 Awards 
 ) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 

Sharon Rowlands 
 2023 
 
 100,000 

100,000 

Jeffrey Enslin 
 2023 
 
 100,000 

100,000 

Lemuel Amen 
 2023 
 
 100,000 

100,000 

Alexander Ruckdaeschel 
 2023 
 
 100,000 

100,000 

Ian Charles 
 2023 
 
 100,000 

100,000 

(1) 
 The
 amounts disclosed represent the approximate aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted to our named directors during
 Fiscal Year 2023 under the 2016 The Glimpse Group Incentive Plan. The assumptions used to compute the fair value are disclosed in
 Note 10 to our audited financial statements for Fiscal Year 2023. Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated
 forfeitures related to service-vesting conditions. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value that will be realized by
 the named director upon the vesting of the stock options, the exercise of the stock options, or the sale of common stock acquired
 under such stock options. 

46 

Risk
Management 

The
Company does not believe risks arising from its compensation policies and practices for its employees are reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on the Company. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board evaluates the independence of each nominee for election as a director of our Company in accordance with the Listing Rules (the
 Nasdaq Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). Pursuant to these rules, a majority of our
Board must be independent directors within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, and all directors who sit on our Audit
Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee must also be independent directors. 

The
Nasdaq definition of independence includes a series of objective tests, such as the director or director nominee is not,
and was not during the last three years, an employee of Glimpse or our Subsidiaries and has not received certain payments from, or engaged
in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, as further required by the Nasdaq Listing Rules, the Board has made a subjective
determination as to each independent director that no relationships exist, which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with such
individual s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities as a director. In making these determinations,
the Board reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors with regard to each director s business and personal activities
as they may relate to the Company and its management. 

As
a result, the Board has affirmatively determined that each of Sharon Rowlands, Ian Charles, Lemuel Amen, Jeff Enslin and Alexander Ruckdaeschel,
are independent in accordance with the Nasdaq listing rules. The Board has also affirmatively determined that all members of our Audit
Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee are independent directors. 

No
family relationships exist between any of our officers or directors. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth all compensation earned in respect of our Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer
for our last three completed fiscal years. 

47 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
following is a summary of the compensation we paid for in the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to our Executive Officers. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Fiscal
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option
 Award 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation
 ) 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 
 Lyron Bentovim 
 2023 
 231,875 
 - 
 51,255 
 460,810 
 - 
 - 
 331 
 744,271 
 
 President CEO 
 2022 
 257,500 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8,417 
 365,917 

Maydan Rothblum 
 2023 
 211,500 
 - 
 36,360 
 293,243 
 - 
 - 
 4,622 
 545,724 
 
 CFO COO 
 2022 
 227,500 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,175 
 303,675 

David J Smith CCO 
 2023 
 189,000 
 - 
 - 
 101,418 
 - 
 - 
 1,120 
 291,538 

2022 
 205,000 
 40,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,188 
 246,187 

Jeff Meisner 
 2023 
 198,000 
 - 
 34,042 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,602 
 236,644 
 
 CRO 
 2022 
 91,667 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 91,667 

Partial from February 1, 2022 

Tyler Gates 
 2023 
 175,583 
 - 
 - 
 18,058 
 - 
 - 
 3,601 
 197,242 
 
 Chief Futurist Officer 

Partial from August 1, 2022 

Represents stock-based compensation in lieu of reduced cash salary 

Employment
Agreements 

Lyron
Bentovim 

On
May 13, 2021, we entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Lyron Bentovim. Mr. Bentovim is one of our co-founders and has
been the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer since its inception. Mr. Bentovim s employment agreement shall continue
until terminated by either the Company or Mr. Bentovim. Pursuant to Mr. Bentovim s employment agreement, as of the Company s
IPO on July 1, 2021, he received an annual base cash salary of 250,000, amended to 265,000 as of January 1, 2022. In addition, Mr.
Bentovim will be eligible to receive performance bonuses as determined by the Compensation Committee. 

48 

Maydan
Rothblum 

On
May 13, 2021, we entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Maydan Rothblum. Mr. Rothblum is one of our co-founders and
has been the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer since its inception. Mr. Rothblum s employment
agreement shall continue until terminated by either the Company or Mr. Rothblum. Pursuant to Mr. Rothblum s employment agreement,
as of the Company s IPO on July 1, 2021 he received an annual cash base salary of 220,000, amended to 235,000 as of January 1,
2022. In addition, Mr. Rothblum will be eligible to receive performance bonuses as determined by the Compensation Committee. 

David
J. Smith 

On
May 13, 2021, we entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. David J. Smith. Mr. Smith is one of our co-founders and has
been the Company s Chief Creative Officer since its inception. Mr. Smith s employment agreement shall continue until terminated
by either the Company or Mr. Smith. Pursuant to Mr. Smith s employment agreement, as of the Company s IPO on July 1, 2021,
he received an annual cash base salary of 200,000, amended to 210,000 as of January 1, 2022. In addition, Mr. Smith will be eligible
to receive performance bonuses as determined by the Compensation Committee. 

Jeff
Meisner 

On
February 1, 2022, we entered into an executive employment agreement pursuant to which Mr. Meisner, our Chief Revenue Officer, will receive
a base annual salary of 220,000. In addition, Mr. Meisner will be eligible for performance bonuses in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the employment agreement. 

Tyler
Gates 

On
August 1, 2022, in connection with Mr. Gates appointment as Chief Futurist Officer, the Company and Mr. Gates entered into an
executive employment agreement pursuant to which Mr. Gates will receive a base annual salary of 215,000. In addition, Mr. Gates will
be eligible for performance bonuses in accordance with the terms and conditions of the employment agreement. Mr. Gates did not receive
any compensation from the Company in fiscal year 2022. 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

In
October 2016, our majority shareholders approved our Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), to be administered by
our compensation committee. Pursuant to the Plan, we are authorized to grant options and other equity awards to employees of the Company
or any subsidiary, non-employee directors or key consultants to the Company, or a subsidiary, and any person who has been offered employment
by the Company or a subsidiary, provided that such prospective employee may not receive any payment or exercise any right relating to
an Award until such person has commenced employment with the Company or a subsidiary (together, the Eligible Persons The
purchase price of each share of common stock purchasable under an award issued pursuant to the Plan, shall be determined by our compensation
committee, in its sole discretion, at the time of grant, but shall not be less than 100 of the fair market of such share of common stock
on the date the award is granted, subject to adjustment. Our compensation committee shall also have sole authority to set the terms of
all awards at the time of grant. 

Pursuant
to the Plan, a maximum of 10,000,000 shares of our common stock shall be set aside and reserved for issuance. In addition, subject to
adjustment as provided in the Plan, the share reserve will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year, for the period
beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030 (each, an Evergreen Date in an amount equal
to five percent (5 of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on December 31st immediately preceding
the applicable Evergreen Date (the Evergreen Increase ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to the Evergreen
Date of a given year to provide that there will be no Evergreen Increase for such year, or that the Evergreen Increase for such year
will be a lesser number of shares of the Company s common stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence.
Any shares of Stock delivered under the Plan shall consist of authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares. Pursuant to these provisions,
effective January 1, 2023 the number of shares of our common stock set aside for the Plan automatically increased to a total of approximately
11.3 million. 

Under
 the Plan, an Eligible Person may be granted options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
 stock, phantom stock, sale phantom stock, stock granted as a bonus, a performance award,
 other stock-based awards or an annual incentive award, together with any related right or
 interest. 

The
term of each award under the Plan shall be for such period as may be determined by the compensation committee, subject to the express
limitations set forth in the Plan. 

49 

Unless
earlier terminated by action of the Board of Directors, the Plan will remain in effect until such time as no shares of common stock remains
available for delivery under the Plan and the Company has no further rights or obligations under the Plan with respect to outstanding
awards under the Plan. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table discloses information regarding outstanding equity awards granted or accrued as of June 30, 2023, for our named executive
officers. 

Outstanding
 Equity Awards 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option
 Exercise Price 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested (#) 
 Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested ) 
 
 Lyron Bentovim 
 32,508 
 - 
 4.00 
 8/1/2028 
 - 
 - 

10,836 
 - 
 4.00 
 9/1/2029 
 - 
 - 

28,896 
 - 
 4.50 
 1/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

2,333 
 - 
 4.50 
 5/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

1,167 
 - 
 4.50 
 7/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

14,448 
 - 
 4.50 
 1/1/2031 
 - 
 - 

- 
 121,000 
 7.00 
 2/15/2033 
 - 
 - 

- 
 1,089,000 
 7.00 
 2/15/2033 
 - 
 - 

Maydan Rothblum 
 250,000 
 - 
 2.50 
 6/20/2027 
 - 
 - 

25,008 
 - 
 4.00 
 9/1/2028 
 - 
 - 

8,336 
 - 
 4.00 
 9/1/2029 
 - 
 - 

22,224 
 - 
 4.50 
 1/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

2,333 
 - 
 4.50 
 5/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

1,167 
 - 
 4.50 
 7/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

11,112 
 - 
 4.50 
 1/1/2031 
 - 
 - 

- 
 77,000 
 7.00 
 2/15/2033 
 - 
 - 

- 
 693,000 
 7.00 
 2/15/2033 
 - 
 - 

D.J. Smith 
 20,004 
 - 
 4.00 
 9/1/2028 
 - 
 - 

6,668 
 - 
 4.00 
 9/1/2029 
 - 
 - 

14,232 
 - 
 4.50 
 1/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

1,333 
 - 
 4.50 
 5/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

667 
 - 
 4.50 
 7/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

889 
 - 
 4.50 
 11/1/2030 
 - 
 - 

11,556 
 - 
 4.50 
 1/1/2031 
 - 
 - 

4,500 
 - 
 7.00 
 1/6/2033 
 - 
 - 

- 
 22,000 
 7.00 
 2/15/2033 
 - 
 - 

- 
 198,000 
 7.00 
 2/15/2033 
 - 
 - 

4,500 
 - 
 7.00 
 4/1/2033 
 - 
 - 

Jeff Meisner 
 - 
 120,000 
 7.00 
 6/1/2033 
 - 
 - 

Tyler Gates 
 4,608 
 - 
 7.00 
 1/6/2033 
 - 
 - 

4,608 
 - 
 7.00 
 4/1/2033 
 - 
 - 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Except
as otherwise indicated below, the following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as
of September 22, 2023 by (1) each of our current directors; (2) each of the executive officers; (3) each person known to us to be the
beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock based upon Schedules 13G or 13D filed with the SEC; and
(4) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. As of September 22, 2023, there were 14,734,190 shares of our common stock
issued and outstanding. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
Common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of September 22, 2023 are deemed
to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person or group holding such options or warrants for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of such person or group, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person or group. Unless otherwise indicated by footnote, to our knowledge, the persons named in the table have sole voting
and sole investment power with respect to all common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property
laws. 

50 

Common Stock 
 Percentage
 of 

Beneficially 
 Common Stock 
 
 Name of
 Beneficial Owner 
 Owned 
 Owned 

Directors and Officers: 

Lyron L. Bentovim 

President, Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman of the Board 
 1,136,456 (1) 
 7.68 

Maydan Rothblum 

Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial 

Officer, Secretary and Treasurer 
 806,630 (2) 
 5.37 

D.J. Smith 

Chief Creative Officer and Director 
 1,066,897 (3) 
 7.23 

Jeff Meisner 

Chief Revenue Officer and Director 
 232,902 (4) 
 1.58 

Tyler Gates 

Chief Futurist Officer 
 116,359 (5) 
 0.79 

Sharon Rowlands 

Director and Chair of Compensation Committee 
 229,179 (6) 
 1.54 

Jeff Enslin 

Director and Chair of Audit Committee 
 450,825 (7) 
 2.99 

Lemuel Amen 

Director 
 142,910 (8) 
 0.97 

Alexander Ruckdaeschel 

Director 
 39,444 (9) 
 0.27 

Ian Charles 

Director and Chair of Audit Committee 
 27,226 (10) 
 0.18 

All officers and directors
 (10 persons) 
 4,248,828 
 26.90 

Beneficial owners of more
 than 5 

VRTech Consulting LLC (11) 
 1,002,548 
 6.82 

Darklight Partners LLC (12) 
 1,001,945 
 6.82 

Kissa Capital LLC (13) 
 898,038 
 6.11 

(1)
Includes: 1,046,268 shares of common stock, of which 1,001,945 shares are owned by Darklight Partners LLC (an entity owned and managed
by Mr. Bentovim) and fully vested options to purchase 90,188 shares of common stock. 

(2)
Includes: 486,450 shares of common stock and fully vested options to purchase 320,180 shares of common stock. An additional 3,528 shares
of common stock are held by Mr. Rothblum s mother. 

(3)
Includes: 1,002,548 shares of common stock owned by VRTech Consulting LLC (an entity owned and managed by Mr. Smith) and fully vested
options to purchase 64,349 shares of common stock. 

(4)
Represents 232,902 shares of common stock 

(5)
Includes: 107,143 shares of common stock and fully vested options to purchase 9,216 shares of common stock. 

(6)
Includes: 83,163 shares of common stock, 139,349 fully vested options and 3,334 options that vest within 60 days 

(7)
Includes: 94,774 shares owned by Perimetre Capital, LLC (an entity owned and managed by Mr. Enslin), 349,384 fully vested option and
3,334 option that vest within 60 days 

(8)
Includes: 100,000 shares of common stock, 36,243 fully vested options and 3,334 options that vest within 60 days 

(9)
Includes: 5,000 shares of common stock, 27,777 fully vested options and 3,334 options that vest within 60 days 

(10)
Represents 20,559 fully vested options and 3,334 options that vest within 60 days 

(11)
VRTech Consulting LLC is an entity owned and managed by Mr. Smith, our Chief Creative Officer and Director. 

(12)
Darklight Partners LLC is an entity owned and managed by Mr. Bentovim, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. 

(13)
Kissa Capital LLC is an entity managed by Ariel Imas and having an address of 1775 York Avenue, New York, NY 10128. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o The Glimpse Group, Inc., 15 West 38 St., 12 h Floor,
New York, NY 10018. 

51 

ITEM
 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Party Transactions 

None. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board evaluates the independence of each nominee for election as a director of our Company in accordance with the Listing Rules (the
 Nasdaq Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). Pursuant to these rules, a majority of our
Board must be independent directors within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, and all directors who sit on our Audit
Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee must also be independent directors. 

The
Nasdaq definition of independence includes a series of objective tests, such as the director or director nominee is not,
and was not during the last three years, an employee of Glimpse or our Subsidiaries and has not received certain payments from, or engaged
in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, as further required by the Nasdaq Listing Rules, the Board has made a subjective
determination as to each independent director that no relationships exist, which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with such
individual s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities as a director. In making these determinations,
the Board reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors with regard to each director s business and personal activities
as they may relate to the Company and its management. 

As
a result, the Board has affirmatively determined that each of Ian Charles, Sharon Rowlands, Lemuel Amen, Alexander Ruckdaeschel and Jeff
Enslin, are independent in accordance with the Nasdaq listing rules. The Board has also affirmatively determined that all members of
our Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee are independent directors. 

No
family relationships exist between any of our officers or directors. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed or expected to be billed to us for professional services rendered with respect to the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

For the Year
 Ended 

June
 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 158,000 
 119,000 
 
 Audit fees in connection with acquisitions 
 - 
 127,000 
 
 Other fees 
 9,000 
 62,000 
 
 Total
 Fees 
 167,000 
 308,000 

Audit
fees represent fees for respective fiscal year audits, including the review of our quarterly financial statements. Audit fess in connection
with acquisitions represent audits of the pre-acquisition financial statements of S5D and BLI. Other Fees are for the review of our S-1,
Securities Registration Statement. 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a policy governing the pre-approval by the Audit Committee of all services, audit and non-audit, to be
provided to our Company by our independent auditors. Under the policy, the Audit Committee has pre-approved the provision by our independent
auditors of specific audit, audit related, tax and other non-audit services as being consistent with auditor independence. Requests or
applications to provide services that require the specific pre-approval of the Audit Committee must be submitted to the Audit committee
by the independent auditors, and the independent auditors must advise the board of directors as to whether, in the independent auditor s
view, the request or application is consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor independence. 

The
Audit Committee has considered the nature and amount of the fees billed by Hoberman Lesser CPA s LLP and believes that the
provision of the services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining the independence of Hoberman Lesser
CPA s LLP. 

52 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed
 with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement
 filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.1+ 
 
 Amended
 and Restated 2016 Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration
 Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.2 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of Number 9, LLC entered into by the Company, effective as of February 13, 2018, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.3 
 
 Assignment
 of Technology, Patent, Intellectual Property Agreement dated as of May 1, 2019, between the Company, Adept Reality, LLC and
 Aquinas Learning, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement
 filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.4 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of Adept Reality, LLC (f.k.a. Glimpse Group Consulting, LLC) entered into by the Company, effective as
 of May 3, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed
 with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.5 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of D6 VR, LLC (f.k.a. Dataview VR, LLC) (f.k.a. Marketview VR, LLC) entered into by the Company, effective
 as of August 8, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement
 filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.6 
 
 Economics
 Interests Agreement dated as of March 30, 2017 by and between the Company, D6 VR, LLC (f.k.a Dataview VR, LLC) (f.k.a. Marketview
 VR, LLC), and Andy Maggio, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement
 filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.7 
 
 Economics
 Interests Agreement dated as of March 30, 2017 by and between the Company, D6 VR, LLC (f.k.a Dataview VR, LLC) (f.k.a. Marketview
 VR, LLC), and Brennan McTernan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration
 Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.8 
 
 Master
 Acquisition Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2018, among the Company, Early Adopter LLC, Early Adopter and Jay Van Buren, Lynn Van
 Buren, Marjorie Van Buren, Valerie Eakes-Kann, Joe Unander, and Christopher Gaughan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of
 the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 

10.9 
 
 Bill
 of Sale entered into on April 1, 2018 by and between Early Adopter, and Jay Van Buren, Lynn Van Buren, Marjorie Van Buren, Valerie
 Eakes-Kann, Joe Unander, and Christopher Gaughan and Early Adopter, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s
 Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

53 

10.10 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of Early Adopter, LLC entered into by the Company, effective as of April 1, 2018, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.11 
 
 Master
 Acquisition Agreement dated as of October 31, 2016, by and between the Company, Crafty Games, LLC and Foretell Studios, LLC (f.k.a.
 Dire Studios, LLC) , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement
 filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.12 
 
 Bill
 of Sale entered into on October 31, 2016 by and between Crafty Games, LLC and Foretell Studios, LLC (f.k.a. Dire Studios, LLC) ,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC
 on June 23, 2021. 

10.13 
 
 Right
 of First Refusal Agreement dated as of December 30, 2019 by and between The Company and Membit Inc., incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.14 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of Immersive Health Group, LLC entered into by the Company, effective as of October 13, 2017, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23,
 2021. 

10.15 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of KabaQ 3D Technologies, LLC entered into by the Company, effective as of May 30, 2017, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23,
 2021. 

10.16 
 
 Master
 Acquisition Agreement dated as of November 8, 2016, among the Company, KabaQ 3D Food Technologies, LLC and Alper Guler, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23,
 2021. 

10.17 
 
 Bill
 of Sale entered into on November 8, 2016 by and between the Company, KabaQ Food Technologies, LLC and Alper Guler, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.18 
 
 Master
 Development Agreement dated as of July 14, 2017 by and between Pandora Reality LLC and KabaQ 3D Technologies, LLC, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.19 
 
 Agreement
 entered into as of June 12, 2017 by and among the Company, KabaQ 3D Food Technologies, LLC, Alper Guler and Caner Soyer, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23,
 2021. 

10.20 
 
 Master
 Acquisition Agreement dated as of October 28, 2016 among the Company, PresentAR and LocateAR and Liron Lerman, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.20 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.21 
 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of Kreatar LLC entered into by the Company, effective as of May 30, 2017, incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.21 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.22 
 
 Bill
 of Sale entered into on October 28, 2016 by and between the Company, PresentAR and LocateAR and Liron Lerman, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.22 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

54 

10.23 
 
 Amendment
 to Master Acquisition Agreement II dated as of November 12, 2018 by and between the Company and Liron Lerman, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.24 
 
 Technology
 Intellectual Property Assignability Agreement dated as of March 29, 2018 among the Company, LocateAR, LLC and Kreatar, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23,
 2021. 

10.25+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated May 13, 2021 by and between the Company and Lyron Bentovim, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Company s
 Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.26+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated May 13, 2021 by and between the Company and Maydan Rothblum, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company s
 Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.27+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated May 13, 2021 by and between the Company and David J. Smith, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Company s
 Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.28 
 
 Form
 of Series A Round Subscription Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the
 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of the Company s Amendment
 No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.29 
 
 Form
 of Seed Round Subscription Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration
 Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.30 
 
 Form
 of Interim Round Subscription Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the
 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.31 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Note I Promissory Note, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration
 Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.32 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Note II Securities Purchase Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Company s Amendment
 No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.33 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Note II Promissory Note, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the
 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

10.34 
 
 Placement
 Agent Agreement dated October 28, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
 3, 2021. 

10.35 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3,
 2021. 

10.36 
 
 Form
 of Immediately Exercisable Warrants, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
 3, 2021. 

10.37 
 
 Form
 of Warrants Exercisable after Six Months, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November
 3, 2021. 

10.38 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3,
 2021. 

55 

10.39+ 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement dated February 1, 2022, by and between the Company and Jeff Meisner, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2022. 

10.40 
 
 Membership
 Interest sale Agreement between the Company and Sector 5 Digital, LLC, dated December 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 14, 2022. 

10.41 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Glimpse Merger Sub, LLC, and Erik Muendel, the Bradley S. Nierenberg Trust, Bruce Gates, Joyce Gates, Barton Gates and Tyler Gates (each a Seller and, collectively, the Sellers ), Bruce Gates, solely in his capacity as representative of Sellers, and Brightline Interactive, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company BLI dated May 25, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 28, 2022. 

10.42+ 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement dated August 1, 2022 by and between the Company and Tyler Gates, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2022. 

10.43 
 
 Bentovim Option Agreement, dated February 15, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023 

10.44 
 
 Rothblum Option Agreement, dated February 15, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023 

10.45 
 
 Smith Option Agreement, dated February 15, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023 

10.46 
 
 Option Agreement, dated June 1, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 06, 2023 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the Company s Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement filed with
 the SEC on June 23, 2021. 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags
 are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

+
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

56 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 
 
 September 28, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Lyron Bentovim 

Lyron
 Bentovim 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By:
 
 /s/
 Maydan Rothblum 

Maydan
 Rothblum 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date 
 
 Name
 and Title 
 
 Signature 

September 28, 2023 
 
 Lyron
 Bentovim 
 
 /s/
 Lyron Bentovim 

President
 Chief Executive Officer Chairman 

September 28, 2023 
 
 Maydan
 Rothblum 
 
 /s/
 Maydan Rothblum 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Treasurer Director 

September 28, 2023 
 
 Jeff
 Meisner 
 
 /s/
 Jeff Meisner 

Chief
 Revenue Officer Director 

September 28, 2023 
 
 D.J.
 Smith 
 
 /s/
 D.J. Smith 

Chief
 Creative Officer Director 

September 28, 2023 
 
 Sharon
 Rowlands 
 
 /s/
 Sharon Rowlands 

Director 

September 28, 2023 
 
 Jeff
 Enslin 
 
 /s/
 Jeff Enslin 

Director 

September 28, 2023 
 
 Lemuel
 Amen 
 
 /s/
 Lemuel Amen 

Director 

September 28, 2023 
 
 Alexander
 Ruckdaeschel 
 
 /s/
 Alexander Ruckdaeschel 

Director 

September 28, 2023 
 
 Ian
 Charles 
 
 /s/
 Ian Charles 

Director 

57 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Index
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 00694 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 - F-36 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 The Glimpse Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Glimpse Group, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023
and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring net losses since its inception, expects to generate
negative cash flow for the foreseeable future, and expects cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2023 may not be sufficient to fund
operations for at least the next twelve months, which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described
in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

September
28, 2023 

MGI
 Worldwide is a network of independent audit, tax, accounting and consulting firms. MGI Worldwide does not provide any services and
 its member firms are not an international partnership. Each member firm is a separate entity and neither MGI Worldwide nor any member
 firm accepts responsibility for the activities, work, opinions or services of any other member firm. For more information visit www.mgiworld.com/ 

F- 2 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2023 
 2022 

As
 of June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments 
 - 

Accounts receivable 

Deferred costs/contract assets 

Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets 

Total current assets 

Equipment, net 

Note receivable 
 - 

Right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Restricted cash 
 - 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued bonuses 

Deferred revenue/contract liabilities 

Asset purchase payable 
 - 

Lease liabilities, current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Contingent consideration
 for acquisitions, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities 

Contingent consideration
 for acquisitions, net of current portion 

Lease
 liabilities, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock, par value per share,
 million shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock, par value
 per share, million shares authorized; and issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years
 Ended 

June
 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Software services 

Software
 license/software as a service 

Total Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development
 expenses 

General and administrative
 expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Amortization of acquisition
 intangible assets 

Intangible asset
 impairment (inclusive of goodwill impairment) 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in fair value of acquisition contingent consideration 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss from operations
 before other income (expense) 

Other income (expense) 

Forgiveness of Paycheck
 Protection Program loan 
 - 

Interest income 

Loss
 on conversion of convertible notes 
 - 

Total
 other income (expense), net 

Net Loss 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per share 

Weighted-average
 shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 and 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of July 1, 2021 

Common stock issued in Initial Public Offering,
 net 

- 

Common stock issued in Securities Purchase
 Agreement, net 

- 

Common stock issued for convertible note conversion 

- 

Common stock issued for acquisitions 

- 

Common stock issued to satisfy legacy acquisition
 obligation 

- 

Common stock issued to vendors for compensation 

- 

Common stock issued for exercise of options 

- 

Common stock and stock option based compensation
 expense 

- 

Stock option-based board of directors expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Balance 

Common stock issued for acquisition 

- 

Common stock issued for satisfaction of prior
 year acquisition liability 

- 

Common stock issued for purchase of intangible
 asset - technology 

- 

Common stock issued to vendors for compensation 

- 

Common stock issued for exercise of options 

- 

Common stock issued to satisfy contingent acquisition
 obligations 

- 

Common stock and stock option based compensation
 expense 

- 

Stock option-based board of directors expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization and depreciation 

Common stock and stock
 option based compensation for employees and board of directors 

Acquisition contingent
 consideration fair value adjustment 

Impairment of intangible
 assets 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock
 to vendors as compensation 

Loss on conversion of convertible
 notes 
 - 

Forgiveness of Paycheck
 Protection Program loan 
 - 

Adjustment to operating
 lease right-of-use asset and liability 
 
 - 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Pre-offering costs 
 - 

Deferred costs/contract
 assets 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued bonuses 

Deferred
 revenue/contract liabilities 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flow from investing
 activities: 

Purchases of equipment 

Acquisitions, net of cash
 acquired 

Payment of contingent consideration
 for acquisitions 
 
 - 
 
 Sale
 (purchase) of investments 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Proceeds from initial public
 offering, net 
 - 

Proceeds from securities
 purchase agreement, net 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise
 of stock options 

Issuance
 of note receivable 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash, cash
 equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash,
 cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash,
 cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Non-cash Investing and Financing
 activities: 

Common stock issued for
 acquisitions 

Common stock issued for
 satisfaction of prior year acquisition lability 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for
 purchase of intangible asset - technology 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock
 for satisfaction of contingent liability, net of note extinguishment 
 
 - 
 
 Extinguishment of note
 receivable for satisfaction of contingent liability 
 
 - 
 
 Contingent acquisition
 consideration liability recorded at closing 

Issuance of common stock
 for satisfaction of contingent liability 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities arising
 from right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of Paycheck
 Protection Program loan 
 - 

Issuance of common stock
 for satisfaction of legacy acquisition liability 
 - 

Conversion of convertible
 promissory notes into common stock 
 - 

Issuance of warrants in
 connection with initial public offering 
 - 

Issuance
 of warrants in connection with securities purchase agreement 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

million for the year ended June 30, 2023. In addition, as of June 30, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 
million. The Company expects to continue to generate negative cash flow for the foreseeable future. The Company expects that its
cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2023 may not be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next twelve months from the
date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements and the Company will need to obtain additional funding. Accordingly, the
Company has concluded that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of
at least 12 months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

Outside
of potential revenue growth generated by the Company, in order to alleviate the going concern the Company may take actions which could
include but are not limited to: further cost reductions, equity or debt financings and restructuring of potential future cash contingent
acquisition liabilities. There is no assurance that these actions will be taken or be successful if pursued. 

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis,
which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainties described. 

Potential
Liquidity Resources 

Potential
liquidity resources may include the sale of common stock pursuant to an untapped 
 million S-3 registration statement filed
with the United State Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on October 28, 2022. Such financing may not be available
on terms favorable to the Company, or at all. 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Restricted cash 
 - 

Total 

and , respectively) of the Company s total gross revenues during the year ended
June 30, 2023. One of the same customers and one different customer accounted for approximately and , respectively) of the
Company s total gross revenues during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Two
customers accounted for approximately and , respectively) of the Company s accounts receivable at June 30, 2023. One
of the same customers and one different customer accounted for approximately and , respectively) of the Company s accounts
receivable at June 30, 2022. 

The
Company maintains cash in accounts that, at times, may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. The Company has
not experienced any losses on such accounts. 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

The
Company applies the following steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations
under each of its agreements: 

identify
 the contract with a customer; 
 
 identify
 the performance obligations in the contract; 
 
 determine
 the transaction price; 
 
 allocate
 the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; 
 
 recognize
 revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied; 
 
 determine
 that collection is reasonably assured. 

Revenue
is recognized when the Company satisfies its performance obligation under the contract by transferring the promised product to its customer
or service is performed and collection is reasonably assured. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct
product or service to a customer. A portion of the Company s contracts have a single performance obligation, as the promise to
transfer products or services is not separately identifiable from other promises in the contract and, therefore, not distinct. Other
contracts can include various services and products which are at times capable of being distinct, and therefore may be accounted for
as separate performance obligations. 

Revenue
is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products or providing services.
As such, revenue is recorded net of returns, allowances, customer discounts, and incentives. Sales taxes and other taxes are excluded
from revenues. 

For
distinct performance obligations recognized at a point in time, any unrecognized portion of revenue and any corresponding unrecognized
expenses are presented as deferred revenue/contract liability and deferred costs/contract asset, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. Contract assets include cash and equity based payroll costs, and may include payments to consultants and vendors. 

For
distinct performance obligations recognized over time, the Company records a contract asset (costs in excess of billings) when revenue
is recognized prior to invoicing, or a contract liability (billings in excess of costs) when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing. 

Significant
Judgments 

The
Company s contracts with customers may include promises to transfer multiple products/services. Determining whether products/services
are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment.
Further, judgment may be required to determine the standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

The
Company generated revenue for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 by delivering: (i) Software Services, consisting primarily of VR/AR
software projects, solutions and consulting services, and (ii) Software Licenses SaaS, consisting primarily of VR and AR software
licenses or SaaS. The Company currently generates its revenues primarily from customers in the United States. 

Revenue
for a significant portion of Software Services projects and solutions (projects whereby, the development of the project leads to an identifiable
asset with an alternative use to the Company) is recognized at the point of time in which the customer obtains control of the project,
customer accepts delivery and confirms completion of the project. Certain other Software Services revenues are custom project solutions
(projects whereby, the development of the custom project leads to an identifiable asset with no alternative use to the Company, and,
in which, the Company also has an enforceable right to payment under the contract) and are therefore recognized based on the percentage
of completion using an input model with a master budget. The budget is reviewed periodically and percentage of completion adjusted accordingly. 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Revenue
for Software Services consulting services and website maintenance is recognized when the Company performs the services, typically on
a monthly retainer basis. 

Revenue
for Software License is recognized at the point of time in which the Company delivers the software and customer accepts delivery. Software
License often include third party components that are a fully integrated part of the Software License stack and are therefore considered
as one deliverable and performance obligation. If there are significant contractually stated ongoing service obligations to be performed
during the term of the Software License or SaaS contract, then revenues are recognized ratably over the term of the contract. 

Timing
of Revenue 

Products and services
 transferred/recognized over time 

Total
 Revenue 

Remaining
Performance Obligations 

Timing
of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. The Company generally records a receivable/contract asset
when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing, or deferred revenue/contract liability when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing. 

For
certain Software Services project contracts the Company invoices customers after the project has been delivered and accepted by the customer.
Software Service project contracts typically consist of designing and programming software for the customer. In most cases, there is
only one distinct performance obligation, and revenue is recognized upon completion, delivery and customer acceptance. Contracts may
include multiple distinct projects that can each be implemented and operated independently of subsequent projects in the contract. In
such cases, the Company accounts for these projects as separate distinct performance obligations and recognizes revenue upon the completion
of each project or obligation, its delivery and customer acceptance. 

For
contracts recognized over time, contract liabilities include billings invoiced for software projects for which the contract s performance
obligations are not complete. 

For
certain other Software Services project contracts, the Company invoices customers for a substantial portion of the project upon entering
into the contract due to their custom nature and revenue is recognized based upon percentage of completion. Revenue recognized subsequent
to invoicing is recorded as a deferred revenue/contract liability (billings in excess of cost) and revenue recognized prior to invoicing
is recorded as a deferred cost/contract asset (cost in excess of billings). 

For
Software Services consulting or retainer contracts, the Company generally invoices customers monthly at the beginning of each month in
advance for services to be performed in the following month. The sole performance obligation is satisfied when the services are performed.
Software Services consulting or retainer contracts typically consist of ongoing support for a customer s software or specified
business practices. 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

For
Software License contracts, the Company generally invoices customers when the software has been delivered to and accepted by the customer,
which is also when the performance obligation is satisfied. For SaaS contracts, the Company generally invoices customers in advance at
the beginning of the service term. 

For
multi-period Software License contracts, the Company generally invoices customers annually at the beginning of each annual coverage period.
Software License contracts consist of providing clients with software designed by the Company. For Software License contracts, there
are generally no ongoing support obligations unless specified in the contract (becoming a Software Service). 

Unfulfilled
performance obligations represent amounts expected to be earned by the Company on executed contracts. As of June 30, 2023, the Company
had approximately million in unfulfilled performance obligations. 

likely of being realized. For tax positions that are not more likely than not of being sustained upon audit,
the Company does not recognize any portion of the benefit. 

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 740, Income
Taxes , or ASC 740, also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements
and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties,
accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Based on the Company s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are
no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company believes
that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in
material changes to its financial position. 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

The
Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income
tax expense. There were no amounts accrued for penalties or interest for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Management is currently
unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position. 

million, lease liabilities, current portion of million and lease
liabilities, net of current portion of million. With the purchase of Brightline Interactive, LLC BLI ), on August
1, 2022, the Company added right-of-use assets of million, lease liabilities, current portion of million and lease liabilities,
net of current portion of million. 

New
Lease Accounting Policies 

The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and determines the classification of the lease, as either operating or finance,
at commencement. 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

The Company
does not have any finance leases. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease
liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized
at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the rate implicit in the Company s leases
is not readily determinable, the Company uses an estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease
commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate to reflect
the profile of secured borrowing over the expected term of the leases based on the information available at the later of the initial
date of adoption or the lease commencement date. 

cash paid (net of working capital adjustments,
as defined, of at the August 1, 2022 closing (the Closing (b) of cash paid at the Closing to extinguish
BLI s outstanding debt and pay down other obligations; (c) shares of the Company s common stock fair valued at the
Closing (which was the day s closing price discounted for one year sales restriction from Closing); and (d) future purchase price
considerations payable to the Members, up to a residual of . The is based and payable on BLI s achievement
of certain revenue growth milestones at points in time and cumulatively during the three years post-Closing Date, the payment of which
shall be made up to in cash and the remainder in common shares of the Company, priced at the dates of the future potential
share issuance subject to a common stock price floor of per share, all as defined. 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

The
BLI acquisition s fair value at Closing was . 

Company common stock fair value at Closing 

Fair value of contingent
 consideration to be achieved 

Total purchase price 

Fair value allocation of purchase price: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Deferred costs/contract assets 

Other assets 

Equipment, net 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue/contract liabilities 

Intangible assets - customer relationships 

Intangible assets - technology 

Goodwill 

Total fair value allocation
 of purchase price 

The
Company s fair value estimate of the contingent consideration for the BLI acquisition was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation
and other methods which account for the probabilities of various outcomes. The Company s fair value estimate related to the identified
intangible asset of customer relationships was determined using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method. This valuation method requires
management to project revenues, customer attrition and cash flows for the reporting unit over a multiyear period, as well as determine
the weighted average cost of capital to be used as a discount rate. The Company s fair value estimate related to the identified
intangible asset of technology was determined using the Relief from Royalty Method. This valuation method requires management to estimate
the royalty rate based on market data for royalty arrangements involving similar technology, the obsolesce rate, and the weighted average
cost of capital to be used as a discount rate. 

The
goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition is primarily attributable to new markets access and will be deductible for tax
purposes. 

In
accordance with GAAP, the fair value of the contingent consideration was remeasured at June 30, 2023, based on market conditions as of
that date. The remeasurement resulted in a fair value amount at June 30, 2023 of million, a decrease of approximately million
since Closing. The decrease in fair value of the contingent consideration is driven by revisions to BLI s revenue projections and
a decrease in the Company s common stock price between the measurement dates. This decrease is recorded as a gain in operating
expenses on the consolidated statement of operations (see Note 7). 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Unaudited
Pro Forma Results 

The
unaudited pro forma financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company and BLI, as
if the companies were combined for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The unaudited pro forma financial information includes the
business combination accounting effects resulting from this acquisition, including adjustments to reflect recognition of intangible asset
amortization. The unaudited pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place at July 1, 2022. 

Net Loss 

The
pro forma net loss was adjusted to exclude approximately million of acquisition-related costs incurred in 2023. The 2023 pro forma
net loss includes a gain of approximately million for contingent consideration fair value adjustments. 

Costs
related to the acquisition, which include legal, accounting and valuation fees, in the amount of approximately million have been
charged directly to operations and are included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations for
the year ended June 30, 2023. 

The
Company recognized approximately million in revenue and million (inclusive of contingent consideration fair value adjustment
gain of million) of net loss related to BLI since the acquisition Closing date of August 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023 in the consolidated
statement of operations. 

Asset
Acquisition - Technology 

In
November 2022, the Company entered into a technology assignment agreement with inciteVR IVR ), whereby the Company purchased
the entire right, title and interest to certain VR/AR technology, as defined, to expand product offerings. 

The
Company issued shares (calculated as defined) of the Company s common stock, with a fair value (based on the Company s
common stock price at the close of business on the date of the assignment agreement) of approximately in full payment of the
assignment, with no further consideration obligations thereto. The was recorded as intangible assets- technology on the Company s
consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2023. 

Certain
IVR owners became employees of Glimpse after the assignment. 

Acquisition
- S5D 

In
December 2021, Glimpse entered into a Membership Interest Sale Agreement (the S5D Agreement ), with Sector 5 Digital, LLC S5D and each of the equity holders of S5D named therein (collectively, the S5D Members ). S5D is an enterprise
focused, immersive technology company that combines innovative storytelling with emerging technologies for industry leading organizations.
At the time, the acquisition significantly expanded the Company s operating and financial scale and introduced new tier 1 customers
specifically in the defense contractor and industrial segments. 

THE
GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

In
February 2022, S5D became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Glimpse. 

The
aggregate consideration consisted of: (a) million cash paid at the February 1, 2022 closing (the S5D Closing (b)
 shares of the Company s common stock valued at the date of acquisition (which was the day s closing price discounted
for one year sales restriction from S5D Closing) and released from escrow to the S5D Members at S5D Closing; and (c) future purchase
price considerations contingent consideration payable to the S5D Members, up to million million of which
was escrowed at S5D Closing and was recorded as restricted cash on the June 30, 2022 consolidated balance sheet). The million is
based and payable on S5D s and the Company s achievement of certain revenue growth milestones during the three years post-S5D
Closing, as defined, the payment of which shall be made up to million in cash and the remainder in common stock of the Company,
priced at the dates of the future potential share issuance and subject to a common stock floor price of /share. See Note 5 and 7. 

The
S5D acquisition s fair value at S5D Closing was . 

Company common stock fair
 value when released from escrow at S5D Closing 

Fair
 value of contingent consideration to be achieved 

Total
 purchase price 

Fair value
 allocation of purchase price: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Equipment, net 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Contract liability (billings
 in excess of cost) 

Intangible assets - customer
 relationships 

Goodwill 

Total
 fair value allocation of purchase price 

The
Company s fair value estimate of the contingent consideration for the S5D acquisition was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation
method which accounts for the probabilities of various outcomes. The Company s fair value estimate related to the identified intangible
asset of customer relationships was determined using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method. This valuation method requires management
to project revenues, customer attrition and cash flows for the reporting unit over a multiyear period, as well as determine the weighted
average cost of capital to be used as a discount rate. 

The
goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition is primarily attributable to new markets access and will be deductible for tax
purposes. 

In
accordance with GAAP, the fair value of the contingent consideration was remeasured at June 30, 2022, based on market conditions as of
that date. The remeasurement resulted in a fair value amount at June 30, 2022 of million, a reduction of approximately million
since Closing. The reduction in fair value of the contingent consideration is driven by a reduction in the Company s common stock
price between the measurement dates. This reduction is recorded in operating expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Unaudited
Pro Forma Results 

The
unaudited pro forma financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations for Glimpse and S5D, as if
the companies were combined for the year ended June 30, 2022. The unaudited pro forma financial information includes the business combination
accounting effects resulting from this acquisition, including adjustments to reflect recognition of intangible asset amortization. The
unaudited pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of
the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place at July 1, 2021. 

Net loss 

The
pro forma net loss was adjusted to exclude approximately of acquisition-related costs incurred in 2022. The 2022 pro forma net
loss includes a gain of approximately million for contingent consideration fair value adjustments. 

Costs
related to the acquisition, which include legal, accounting and valuation fees, in the amount of approximately have been charged
directly to operations and are included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations for the year
ended June 30, 2022. 

The
results of operations of S5D have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.
For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, S5D had revenue of million and million, respectively and net losses of 
million and million, respectively (exclusive of the intangible asset impairment write off, see Note 5, and change in fair value
of contingent consideration) reported in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Acquisition
- AUGGD 

In
August 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary company, MotionZone, LLC (dba AUGGD), completed an acquisition of certain
assets, as defined, from Augmented Reality Investments Pty Ltd ARI ), an Australia based company providing augmented reality
software and services. At the time, the acquisition was made to facilitate the Company s endeavors in the Architecture, Engineering
and Construction market segments. 

Initial
consideration for the purchase was million payable in Company common stock. In August 2021, the Company issued shares of
common stock (calculated as defined in the asset acquisition agreement) to satisfy the purchase price. The acquisition agreement provides
for additional contingent consideration in the form of Company common stock if certain future revenue targets are achieved through June
2024, with a maximum additional consideration of million. At time of purchase, future revenue targets were not anticipated to be
met and therefore no additional consideration beyond the initial consideration was expected. Potential future common stock issuance shall
be priced at the dates of the future potential share issuance and subject to a common stock floor price of /share. If this subsidiary
were sold within three years from the acquisition date, certain performance related consideration will be accelerated and become due
even if not earned. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

The
AUGGD acquisition s fair value at its closing was . 

No
liabilities were assumed as part of the acquisition and the primary assets acquired included employees, customer relationships and technology.
The Company recorded the purchase price allocation as follows: 

Technology 

Goodwill 

Total 

The
goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition is primarily attributable to new markets access and will be deductible for tax
purposes. 

In
June 2022, AUGGD achieved its initial revenue threshold as defined in the asset acquisition agreement, and was issued shares of Company
stock in July 2022 reflecting the payment of additional asset acquisition consideration. This additional consideration of approximately
 million is included in operating expense on the consolidated statement of operations. See Notes 5, 13 and 14. 

The
results of operations of AUGGD have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.
For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, AUGGD had revenue was million and million, respectively, and net losses of 
million and million, respectively (exclusive of the intangible asset impairment write off, see Note 5, and change in fair value
of contingent consideration), reported in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Pre-acquisition
AUGGD financial data is not considered reliable and therefore no proforma results as if the acquisition had occurred on July 1, 2021
are included. 

Acquisition
- XR Terra 

In
October 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary company, XR Terra, LLC XRT ), completed an acquisition of
certain assets, as defined, from XR Terra, Inc., a developer of teaching platforms utilized in coding software used in VR and AR programming,
a potential strategic growth segment for the Company as the immersive technology industry expands. 

Initial
consideration for the purchase was million payable . In October 2021, the Company paid
 million cash and issued shares of common stock (calculated as defined in the asset acquisition agreement) to satisfy the
purchase price. The acquisition agreement provides for additional contingent consideration in the form of Company common stock if certain
future revenue targets are achieved through September 2024, with a maximum additional consideration of million. At time of purchase,
future revenue targets were not anticipated to be met and therefore no additional consideration beyond the initial consideration was
expected. Potential future common stock issuance shall be priced at the dates of the future potential share issuance and subject to a
common stock floor price of /share. If this subsidiary is sold within three years from the acquisition date, certain performance
related consideration will be accelerated and become due even if not earned. 

As
of June 30 2022, no additional acquisition consideration had been earned and it was not anticipated that future additional consideration
thresholds would be met. During the year ended June 30, 2023 certain revenue thresholds were met and are expected to be met in the future
and the Company recognized additional consideration of million. This is recorded as change in fair value of acquisition contingent
consideration in the consolidated statements of operations. At June 30, 2023, no further revenue thresholds are anticipated to be met.
See Notes 7 and 14. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

The
XRT acquisition s fair value at its closing was . 

No
liabilities were assumed as part of the acquisition and the primary assets acquired included employees and technology. The Company recorded
the purchase price allocation as follows: 

Goodwill 

Total 

The
goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition is primarily attributable to new markets access and will be deductible for tax
purposes. 

The
results of operations of XRT have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.
For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, XRT had revenue of million and million, respectively and net losses of 
million and million, respectively (exclusive of the change in fair value of contingent consideration), reported in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

Pre-acquisition
XRT financial data is not considered reliable and therefore no proforma results as if the acquisition had occurred on July 1, 2021 are
included. 

Acquisition
- PulpoAR 

In
May 2022, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary companies, Qreal, LLC and PulpoAR, LLC, completed an acquisition of certain
assets, as defined, from PulpoAR Pulpoar Bilisim Anonim Sirketi, a Turkey based AR technology e-commerce company providing virtual try-on
solutions primarily for the Beauty and Retail markets. Upon integration, PulpoAR s technology is expected to propel the business
development efforts of QReal. 

Initial
consideration for the purchase was million payable . In May and June 2022, the Company collectively paid million cash and issued in September 2022, shares of common
stock to satisfy the purchase price. The acquisition agreement provides for additional contingent consideration in the form of Company
common stock and cash if certain future revenue targets are achieved through December 2024, with a maximum additional consideration of
 million in common stock and million in cash. At time of purchase, future revenue targets were not anticipated to be met and
therefore no additional consideration beyond the initial consideration was expected. Potential future common stock issuance shall be
priced at the dates of the future potential share issuance and subject to a common stock floor price of /share. If this subsidiary
is sold before December 2024, certain performance related consideration will be accelerated and become due even if not earned. No additional
consideration thresholds as defined in the asset acquisition agreement have been met since acquisition date through June 30, 2023, and
it is not anticipated that PulpoAR will meet any further additional consideration thresholds, as defined. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

The
PulpoAR acquisition s fair value at closing was . 

No
liabilities were assumed as part of the acquisition and the primary assets acquired included employees and technology. The Company recorded
the purchase price allocation as follows: 

Goodwill 

Total 

The
goodwill recognized in connection with the acquisition is primarily attributable to new markets access and will be deductible for tax
purposes. 

The
results of operations of PulpoAR have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.
For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, PulpoAR had revenue of million and million, respectively, and net losses of 
million and million, respectively, reported in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Pre-acquisition
PulpoAR financial data is not considered reliable and therefore no proforma results as if the acquisition had occurred on July 1, 2021
are included. 

All
acquisitions above were considered business combinations in accordance with GAAP, except the IVR asset acquisition. 

million, of which million was attributed
to goodwill and million was attributed to intangible assets customer relationships. Actual revenue and financial results
since acquisition, and to a greater extent in recent quarters, have significantly underperformed the expectations that were employed
to determine fair value at acquisition. Cash flow of the S5D business was negative for the year ended June 30, 2023. This negative cash
flow was the result of significant declines or loss in revenue from key customers compared to previous years and occurred notwithstanding
cost-cutting efforts to mitigate the negative results. Declining revenue trends indicate the S5D business may not be able to generate
positive cash flow for the foreseeable future. The Company believed that this trend would reverse itself based on expected significant
new revenue bookings, however new revenue did not materialize and are not expected to going forward. Continued weak new order bookings
have continued through the issue date of these consolidated financial statements. 

Based
on the expectations that the S5D business may not be able to produce positive cash flow for the foreseeable future and there is no expected
market for selling the S5D business, it was determined that S5D s long-lived assets and goodwill were fully impaired as of June
30, 2023. This determination, based on undiscounted cash flow projections, resulted in an intangible asset impairment expense of 
million on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended June 30, 2023, comprised of: 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Intangible asset - customer
 relationships 

(net of
 accumulated amortization) 

Operating lease - right-of-use
 asset 

(net of
 accumulated amortization) 

Fixed
 assets (net of accumulated depreciation) 

Total
 S5D intangible asset impairment expense 

The
S5D business will continue to operate. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, S5D had revenue was million and
 million, respectively and net losses of million and million, respectively (exclusive of the intangible asset write
off and change in fair value of contingent consideration). 

AUGGD 

In
March 2023, primarily due to a lack of market traction, a decision was made by the Company to cease the operations of its wholly owned
subsidiary MotionZone, LLC (dba AUGGD and divest any related assets and potential liabilities. The assets of AUGGD were
originally acquired by the Company in August 2021 for a fair value of million. Based on future business projections, the assets
of AUGGD were not expected to generate any measurable revenue and were deemed worthless with no future benefit. On April 1, 2023 the
Company executed an amendment to the asset purchase agreement for the purchase of AUGGD whereby the assets were transferred to a new
independent entity, majority owned by the original sellers of AUGGD, in return for a interest in said new entity. Glimpse has
no board members nor any operational involvement in the new entity. 

The
Company accounts for this investment at cost because the Company does not control or have significant influence over the investment.
If the new entity achieves certain revenue goals through December 31, 2024, as defined, the majority owners will receive payments not
to exceed million in the form of Company common stock. The Company considers this occurrence as remote, and no provision is made
for it. 

Accordingly,
the net book value of intangible assets, including goodwill, originally recorded at the time of purchase of AUGGD, were written off during
the year ended June 30, 2023. The million write off (consisting of customer relationships and technology with net book values of
 million and million, respectively, and goodwill of million) is recorded as intangible asset impairment on the consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2023 (through the cease of operations of AUGGD) and 2022, AUGGD had revenue was million and million,
respectively and net losses of million and million, respectively (exclusive of the intangible asset impairment write off
and change in fair value of contingent consideration), reported in the consolidated statements of operations. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

- 

Acquisitions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Impairments 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Goodwill
 - end of year 
 - 
 
 - 

AUGGD 
 XRT 
 S5D 
 PulpoAR 
 BLI 
 Total 

Year
 ended June 30, 2022 

AUGGD 
 XRT 
 S5D 
 PulpoAR 
 BLI 
 Total 
 
 Goodwill - beginning of year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Acquisitions 

- 

Goodwill
 - end of year 

- 

- 

Technology 

Intangible Assets 

Less:
 Accumulated Amortization 

Intangible
 Assets, net 

S5D 
 AUGGD 
 XR
 Terra 
 PulpoAR 
 Total 

As
 of June 30, 2022 

Value
 ) 
 Amortization
 Period (Years) 

S5D 
 AUGGD 
 XR
 Terra 
 PulpoAR 
 Total 

Intangible Assets 

Customer
 Relationships 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Technology 
 - 

Intangible Assets 
 - 

Less:
 Accumulated Amortization 

Intangible
 Assets, net 

Intangible
asset amortization expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was approximately million and million, respectively. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2025 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2026 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2027 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2028 

- 

Level 1: 

Money
 market funds 
 
 - 

Total
 cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 

As
 of June 30, 2022 

Cost 
 Unrealized 
 Gain
 (Loss) 
 Fair
 Value 
 Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 
 Investments 

Cash 
 
 - 

Level 1: 

Money
 market funds 
 
 - 

Total
 cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 

Level 1: 

Investments 

Contingent
Consideration 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company s contingent consideration liabilities related to acquisitions are categorized as Level
3 within the fair value hierarchy. Contingent consideration was valued at the time of acquisitions, at June 30, 2023 and 2022, using
unobservable inputs and have included using the Monte Carlo simulation model. This model incorporates revenue volatility, internal rate
of return, and risk-free rate. The development and determination of the unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements and fair
value calculations are the responsibility of the Company s management with the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Contingent
 consideration, current - BLI 
 
 - 

Contingent
 consideration, current - AUGGD 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Contingent
 consideration, current - XRT 
 - 

Total
 contingent consideration, current portion 

Level 3: 

Contingent
 consideration, non-current - S5D 

Contingent
 consideration, non-current - BLI 
 
 - 

Total
 contingent consideration, net of current portion 

A
summary of the quantitative significant inputs used to value S5D s contingent consideration as of June 30, 2023 was: per
share market price of the Company s common stock, revenue projections, revenue volatility of , weighted average cost of capital
discount rate of and risk-free rate of . 

A
summary of the quantitative significant inputs used to value BLI s contingent consideration as of June 30, 2023 was: per
share market price of the Company s common stock, revenue projections, revenue volatility of , weighted average cost of capital
discount rate of and risk-free rate of . 

The
change in fair value of contingent consideration for S5D and BLI for the year ended June 30, 2023 was a non-cash gain of approximately
 million and million, respectively, included as change in fair value of acquisition contingent consideration in the consolidated
statements of operations. This was primarily driven by changes in the Company s common stock price between the measurement dates
and revisions to revenue projections. 

The
change in fair value of contingent consideration also reflects the first anniversary payout to the sellers of S5D based on the
achievement of certain revenue thresholds as defined in the respective purchase agreement. This payout was made in March 2023 in the
form of Company common stock with a fair value of 
million at date of issuance (see Note 10). In addition, the S5D Membership Interest Sale agreement was amended in May 2023 to remove
the thresholds for releasing 
million of cash escrowed at closing (recorded as Restricted cash on the consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2022) and was
replaced with an immediate 
million payment from the escrow account to the S5D sellers, along with an immediate issuance of Company common stock fair valued at
 
million at date of issuance (see Note 14); simultaneously, the S5D sellers released the remaining 
million in escrow to the Company. These May 2023 payments to the S5D sellers were recorded as consideration paid. The range of
potential additional contingent consideration through January 2025 related to S5D (see Notes 4 and 5) at June 30, 2023 is 
to 
million in the form of Company common stock. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company s contingent consideration liability related to XR Terra, LLC XRT is categorized
as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy as it is based on contractual amounts pursuant to the acquisition agreement, of which
certain inputs are unobservable. The change in fair value of contingent consideration for XRT for the year ended June 30, 2023 was a
non-cash expense of approximately 
million, included as change in fair value of acquisition contingent consideration in the consolidated statements of operations. This
reflects the actual and anticipated achievement of certain revenue thresholds as defined in the respective purchase agreement. These
amounts were not included in the contingent consideration balance as of June 30, 2022 as the attainment of the revenue thresholds
were originally considered remote. The range of potential additional contingent consideration through September 2024 related to XRT
(see Note 4) at June 30, 2023 is 
to 
million in the form of Company common stock. The Company considers this occurrence as remote, and no provision is made for
it. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

The
range of potential additional contingent consideration through December 2024 related to the divestiture of AUGGD assets (see Note 4)
at June 30, 2023 is 
to 
million in the form of Company common stock. The Company considers this occurrence as remote, and no provision is made for
it. 

The
range of potential additional contingent consideration through April 2025 related to the PulpoAR acquisition (see Note 4) at June
30, 2023 is 
to 
million 
million in Company common stock and 
million cash). The Company considers this occurrence as remote, and no provision is made for it. 

Contingent
 consideration, current - AUGGD 
 - 

Total
 contingent consideration, current 

Level 3: 

Contingent
 consideration, non-current - S5D 

A
summary of the quantitative significant inputs used to value S5D s contingent consideration as of June 30, 2022 was: per
share market price of the Company s common stock, revenue projections, revenue volatility of , weighted average cost of capital
discount rate of and risk-free rate of . 

As
of June 30, 2022, the Company s contingent consideration liability related to MotionZone, LLC AUGGD is categorized
as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy as it is based on contractual amounts pursuant to the acquisition agreement, of which certain
inputs are unobservable. 

and , respectively, consists of costs deferred under
contracts not completed and recognized at a point in time and , respectively), and costs in excess of billings under
contracts not completed and recognized over time 0 and , respectively). At June 30, 2023 and 2022, deferred revenue/contract
liabilities, totaling and , respectively, consists of revenue deferred under contracts not completed and recognized
at a point in time and , respectively), and billings in excess of costs under contracts not completed and recognized
over time and respectively). 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Estimated
 earnings 

Earned revenue 

Less:
 billings to date 

Billings
 in excess of costs, net 

Balance
 Sheet Classification 

Contract assets includes,
 costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts 
 - 

Contract
 liabilities includes, billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 

Billings
 in excess of costs, net 

million (net of original issue discount
of approximately million). The notes bore interest at per annum. 

All
outstanding amounts on the notes at the time of the Company s IPO were automatically converted to Company common stock at primarily
 /share and no further obligations existed. See Note 10. 

The
Company recorded a loss, during the year ended June 30, 2022, on conversion of the notes of approximately million at time of the
IPO, representing unamortized original issue discount and prepaid interest. 

Paycheck
Protection Program Loan 

In
March 2022 the Small Business Administration forgave principal and interest on a million Paycheck Protection Program loan to the
Company. The forgiveness is recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations. 

per
share. 

The
Company sold approximately million shares of common stock and realized net proceeds (after underwriting, professional fees and listing
expenses) of million. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

In
connection with the IPO, and for services rendered, the underwriter was issued a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at
 per share. The warrant could not be exercised prior to December 30, 2021 and expires in June 2026. The warrant was valued at approximately
 million based on the Black-Scholes options pricing model method with the following assumptions: year expected term, expected
volatility, risk-free rate and expected dividend yield. 

In
conjunction with the IPO, outstanding convertible promissory notes totalling approximately million were satisfied in full through
the issuance of shares of common stock. A loss of approximately million was recorded on this conversion at the time of
the IPO (see Note 9). 

Securities
Purchase Agreement SPA 

In
November 2021, the Company sold million worth of its common stock and warrants to certain institutional investors in a private
placement pursuant to a SPA. The Company realized net proceeds (after underwriting, professional fees and listing expenses) of 
million. 

Under
the terms of the SPA, the Company sold million shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase million shares of common
stock. The purchase price for one share of common stock and half a corresponding warrant was . The warrants have an exercise price
of per share. Warrants to purchase million shares could be exercised immediately and expire from the date of the
SPA. Warrants to purchase million shares were not exercisable prior to May 2, 2022 and expire five years after. The warrants are
valued at approximately million based on the Black-Scholes options pricing model method with the following assumptions: year
expected term, expected volatility, risk-free rate and expected dividend yield. 

Common
Stock Issued 

Common
stock sold to Investors 

 During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company sold approximately million shares of common stock to investors at the IPO at a price of
 per share, for total net proceeds of approximately million. In addition, the Company sold million shares of common
stock and million warrants to investors pursuant to a SPA for total net proceeds of approximately million. 

Common
stock issued to Investors 

 During
the year ended June 30, 2022, in connection with the conversion of convertible promissory notes and in conjunction with the IPO, the
Company issued approximately shares of common stock (Note 9). 

Common
stock issued for Business Acquisitions and Asset Acquisition - Technology 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued approximately: shares of common stock, valued at million, as consideration
for the acquisition of BLI (see Note 4); shares of common stock, valued at million as consideration for the prior year
acquisition of PulpoAR (see Note 4); and shares of common stock, valued at million, per the assignment agreement with inciteVR
(see Note 4). 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022 the Company issued approximately shares of common stock, valued at million, as consideration
for the acquisition of AUGGD and XR Terra (see Note 4). In addition, the Company issued approximately shares of common stock,
valued at million, as consideration for the acquisition of S5D (see Note 4). 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Common
stock issued to satisfy contingent acquisition obligations 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023 the Company issued approximately shares of common stock, with a fair value of approximately 
million, to partially satisfy a contingent acquisition obligation related to the purchase of S5D. In addition, the Company issued approximately
 shares of common stock, with a fair value of approximately million, to satisfy a contingent acquisition obligation of approximately
 million less the repayment of a secured promissory note of million (see Note 13), related to the acquisition of AUGGD (see
Note 14). Furthermore, the Company issued approximately shares of common stock, valued at million, for the achievement of
a revenue performance milestone by XR Terra. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022 the Company issued approximately shares of common stock to satisfy pre-IPO legacy acquisition obligations
of million. 

Common
stock issued for Exercise of Stock Options 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued approximately and shares of common stock in cash and cashless
transactions, respectively, upon exercise of the respective option grants and realized cash proceeds of approximately million and
 million, respectively. 

Common
stock issued to Vendors 

 During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued approximately and shares of common stock, respectively, to various
vendors for services performed and recorded share-based compensation of approximately million and million, respectively. 

Common
stock issued to Employees as Compensation 

 During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued approximately and shares of common stock, respectively, to
various employees as compensation and recorded share-based compensation of approximately million and million, respectively. 

Employee
Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock
Option issuance to Executives 

In
February 2023, pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan, the Company granted certain executive officers million stock options as a
long-term incentive. The options have an exercise price of per share. million of these options vest ratably over Initial Options ). The remainder Target Options vest in fixed amounts based on achieving various revenue
or common stock prices within seven years of grant date. Given the Company s current stock price and revenue, the Company views
the achievement of the milestones that would trigger vesting of the Target Options as remote. 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

The
Company s 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as amended, has approximately million common shares reserved
for issuance. As of June 30, 2023, there were approximately million shares available for issuance under the Plan. The shares available
are after the granting of million shares of executive Target Options. 

The
Company recognizes compensation expense relating to awards ratably over the requisite period, which is generally the vesting period. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Weighted average expected volatility 

Weighted average risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

The
weighted average expected term (in years) excludes the executive Target Options. 

The
grant date fair value, for options granted during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was approximately million (excluding executive
Target Options) and million, respectively. Executive Target Options grant date fair value was approximately million. 

Options Granted 

- 
 
 Options Exercised 

Options
 Forfeited / Cancelled 

Outstanding at June 30,
 2023 

Exercisable at June 30,
 2023 

The
above table excludes executive Target Options: granted, exercise price, remaining term in years, intrinsic value.
Vesting of these is considered remote. 

Options Granted 

Options Exercised 

Options
 Forfeited / Cancelled 

Outstanding at June 30,
 2022 

Exercisable at June 30,
 2022 

The
intrinsic value of stock options at June 30, 2023 and 2022 was computed using a fair market value of the common stock of /share
and /share, respectively. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

General and administrative
 expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Cost of goods sold 

Board
 option expense 

Total 

There
is no expense included for the executive officers Target Options. 

At
June 30, 2023 total unrecognized compensation expense to employees, board members and vendors related to stock options was approximately
 million (excluding executive Target Options of million), and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of years (which excludes the executive Target Options). 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average
 common shares outstanding for basic and diluted net loss per share 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per share 

Warrants 

Total 

June
30, 2023 Stock Options include executive Target Options. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

current or deferred income tax provision for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Goodwill and intangible asset
 impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Deferred
 Tax Asset, Net 
 - 
 - 

The
Company maintains a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty regarding the ability to utilize these deferred
tax assets in the future. At June 30, 2023, the Company had aggregate net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of approximately
 million. million) begin to expire in 2037 . NOLs for the years ending
June 30, 2019 through 2023 million), in accordance with changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, have no expiration. 

Section
382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code generally imposes an annual limitation on the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that might
be used to offset taxable income when a corporation has undergone significant changes in stock ownership. The Company has not completed
a Section 382 analysis of the NOL carryforwards. Consequently, the Company s NOL carryforwards may be subject to annual limitations
under Section 382. 

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
taxable income. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and taxing
strategies in making this assessment. As a result of the uncertainty in the realization of the Company s deferred tax assets, the
Company has provided a valuation allowance for the full amount of the deferred tax assets at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 

The
Company s valuation allowance during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 increased by approximately million and 
million, respectively. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

State and Local Taxes, Net
 of Federal Tax Benefit 

Stock Based Compensation Expense
 (ISO) 

Change in Contingent Consideration 

Goodwill Amortization 

Valuation
 Allowance 

Income
 Taxes Provision (Benefit) 

Upon
completion of its 2023 U.S. income tax return, the Company may identify additional remeasurement adjustments. The Company will continue
to assess its provision for income taxes as future guidance is issued, but does not currently anticipate significant revisions will be
necessary. 

million pursuant
to a secured promissory note due March 31, 2024. The two owners of ARI are a current employee and an ex-non-employee advisor to the Company. 

The
note bore interest at the rate of per annum and was secured by the borrower s common shares of the Company. Any sales of said
shares were to be used to prepay the note, unless otherwise agreed to by the Company. 

The
note and any accrued interest were extinguished in July 2022. See Note 14. 

million and 
million, respectively, which were included in cash flows from operating activities within the consolidated statements of cash flows.
As of June 30, 2023, the Company s operating leases have a weighted average remaining lease term of years and weighted average
discount rate of . 

The
total rent expense for all operating leases for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, was approximately million and million,
respectively, with short-term leases making up an immaterial portion of such expenses. 

Lease
Commitments 

The
Company has various operating leases for its offices. . 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

2025 

2026 

Total future minimum lease
 commitments, including short-term leases 

Less: future minimum lease
 payments of short -term leases 

Less:
 imputed interest 

Present
 value of future minimum lease payments, excluding short term leases 

Current portion of operating
 lease liabilities 

Non-current
 portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total
 operating lease liability 

Contingent
Consideration for Acquisitions 

BLI, current portion 
 
 - 

AUGGD 
 - 

XRT 
 
 - 
 
 Subtotal
 current portion 

S5D, net of current portion 

BLI,
 net of current portion 
 
 - 

Net of current portion 
 
 - 

Total
 contingent consideration for acquisitions 

AUGGD 

In
June 2022, AUGGD achieved its initial revenue threshold as defined in the asset acquisition agreement, and was issued shares of Company
stock in July 2022 reflecting the payment of additional asset acquisition consideration. The share issuance was done inclusive of netting
the outstanding balance of a million note receivable due the Company by ARI (see Note 13). This additional consideration of approximately
 million was included in contingent consideration for acquisitions, current portion, in the consolidated balance sheet at June 30,
2022 and was satisfied during the year ended June 30, 2023 (see Note 10). 

XRT 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, XRT achieved certain revenue threshold as defined in the asset acquisition agreement and is expected to
meet certain further thresholds in the future. Certain earned, and not yet paid, and expected to be earned additional consideration of
approximately million were included in contingent consideration for acquisitions, current portion, in the consolidated balance
sheet at June 30, 2023 (see Note 7). No further contingent consideration is expected to be earned. 

THE
 GLIMPSE GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 AND 2022 

Employee
Bonus 

It
is anticipated that a certain employee will meet the revenue threshold to earn a bonus payout of approximately million in the upcoming
fiscal year. This and an earned, but not yet paid, bonus of approximately million are included in accrued bonus in the consolidated
balance sheet at June 30, 2023. These bonuses will be paid entirely in the form of Company common stock. 

Potential
Future Distributions Upon Divestiture or Sale 

In
some instances, upon a divestiture or sale of a subsidiary company, the Company is contractually obligated to distribute up to of
the net proceeds from such divestiture or sale to the senior management team of the divested subsidiary company. Currently, there were
no active discussions pertaining to a potential divestiture or sale of any of the Company s subsidiaries that would trigger such
distribution. 

COVID-19 

The
COVID-19 pandemic caused significant business and financial markets disruption worldwide and there was significant uncertainty around
the duration of this disruption. We continue to monitor the situation and the effects on our business and operations. While some level
of potential uncertainty remains, given the current state of the pandemic, we do not expect the impact of COVID-19 to be material to
our business and operations. 

F- 36 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 Incorporation 
 State/Country 
 
 Adept
 Reality, LLC (dba Adept Reality Learning, inactive) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Brightline
 Interactive, LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Foretell
 Studios, LLC (dba Foretell Reality) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Glimpse
 Group Yazilim ve ARGE Ticaret Anonim Sirketi (Glimpse Turkey) 
 
 Turkey 
 
 Glimpse
 XR Israel Ltd. 
 
 Israel 
 
 Immersive
 Health Group, LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 In-It,
 VR LLC (dba Mezmos, inactive) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 KreatAR,
 LLC (dba PostReality, inactive) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Number
 9, LLC (dba Pagoni VR, inactive) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 PuploAR,
 LLC (subsidiary of Qreal, LLC) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 QReal,
 LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Sector
 5 Digital, LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 XR
 Terra, LLC 
 
 Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of 

 Principal
Executive Officer 

 of
The Glimpse Group, Inc. 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Lyron Bentovim, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Glimpse Group, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lyron Bentovim 

Lyron
 Bentovim 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of 

 Principal
Financial Officer 

 of
The Glimpse Group, Inc. 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Maydan Rothblum, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Glimpse Group, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Maydan Rothblum 

Maydan
 Rothblum 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of The Glimpse Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned
officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

Dated:
 September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lyron Bentovim 

Lyron
 Bentovim 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated:
 September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Maydan Rothblum 

Maydan
 Rothblum 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 vrar-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 vrar-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 vrar-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 vrar-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

