<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_1300734_0001493152-23-034631.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21059842</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>416208</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>10573389</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4162699</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2468240</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3113273</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-034631.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928161610
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-034631
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SHINECO, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001300734
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE PRODUCTION - CROPS [0100]
		IRS NUMBER:				522175898
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37776
		FILM NUMBER:		231289877

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		T1, SOUTH TOWER
		STREET 2:		JIAZHAOYE SQUARE
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT, BEIJING,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 10-68329620

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		T1, SOUTH TOWER
		STREET 2:		JIAZHAOYE SQUARE
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT, BEIJING,
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPCOR, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Supcor, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SupCor, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040817

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-034631.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM

annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 

 Act
of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

 or 

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 

 Act
of 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
 name of issuer as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 identification
 number) 

T1,
 Jiazhaoye Square, 

Chaoyang
 District, 

, 

, 

,
 People s Republic of 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Ticker
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Sec. 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of December 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the
closing price of the registrant s common stock on such date of 2.38 per share, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

As
of September 28, 2023, the registrant had 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 TO
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FOR
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

Part I 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 
 Part II 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 22 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 26 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 
 26 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 44 
 
 Part III 
 
 45 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 49 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 51 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 52 
 
 Part IV 
 
 53 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 59 

All
references to we, us, our, SISI, Company, registrant 
or similar terms used in this report refer to Shineco, Inc., a Delaware corporation SISI ), including the variable interest
entities VIEs and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates. In the context of describing
our business, we, us, our, SISI, Company, or registrant 
refers to the VIEs and their subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates. 

Our
reporting currency is the US . The functional currency of our entities located in China is the RMB. For the entities whose functional
currency is the RMB, results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period, assets and liabilities
are translated at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period, and equity is translated at historical exchange rates. As a result,
amounts relating to assets and liabilities reported on the statements of cash flows may not necessarily agree with the changes in the
corresponding balances on the balance sheets. Translation adjustments resulting from the process of translating the local currency financial
statements into US are included in determining comprehensive income/loss. Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated
into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies are translated into the functional currencies at the exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date with any transaction
gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
are included in the results of operations as incurred. 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report on Form 10-K (the Report and other reports (collectively the Filings filed by the registrant
from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC contain or may contain forward looking statements
and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, the registrant s management as well as
estimates and assumptions made by the registrant s management. When used in the filings the words anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, expect, future, intend, plan or the negative of these
terms and similar expressions as they relate to the registrant or the registrant s management identify forward looking statements.
Such statements reflect the current view of the registrant with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions
and other factors (including the risks contained in the section of this Report entitled Risk Factors relating to the registrant s
industry, the registrant s operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by the registrant. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ
significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. 

Although
the registrant believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the registrant cannot guarantee
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws
of the United States, the registrant does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual
results. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the registrant s financial statements and the related notes
thereto included in this Report. 

3 

Part
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 Business

General
Overview 

Shineco,
Inc. is a holding company incorporated in Delaware. As a holding company with no material operations of our own, we conduct our
operations through our subsidiaries and in the two years ended June 30, 2022 and 2023, through the variable interest entities (the VIEs and subsidiaries. Our shares of common stock currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Markets are shares of our
Delaware holding company. The Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our structure, which could result in a material change
in our operations and the value of our securities could decline or become worthless. 

Current
Business 

On
September 19, 2023, the Company and Shineco Life Science Group Hong Kong Co., Limited Shineco Life ), a company established
under the laws of Hong Kong and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (together as the Buying Parties closed the acquisition
of 71.42 equity interest (the Acquisition in Dream Partner Limited, a BVI corporation Dream Partner ),
pursuant to the stock purchase agreement (the Agreement dated May 29, 2023, entered into by and among the Buying Parties,
Dream Partner, Chongqing Wintus Group, a corporation incorporated under the laws of mainland China Wintus and certain
shareholders of Dream Partner (the Sellers, together with Dream Partner and Wintus as the Selling Parties ). 

As
the consideration for the Acquisition, the Company (a) paid the Sellers an aggregate cash consideration of 2,000,000 (the Cash
Consideration (b) issued certain shareholders, as listed in the Agreement, an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of the Company s
restricted Common Stock (the Shares and (c) transferred and sold to the Sellers 100 of the Company s equity interest
in Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. (the Tenet-Jove Shares ). 

Following
the closing of the Acquisition and the sale of the Tenet-Jove Shares, the Company divested its equity interest in its operating subsidiary
Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. Tenet-Jove and thereby terminated its VIE Structure. 

Dream
Partner is a holding company incorporated in British Virgin Islands. As a holding company with no material operations of its own, it
conducts a substantial majority of its operations through the operating entities established in the People s Republic of China,
or the PRC. 

Dream
Partner, via its subsidiaries, integrates the production, processing, export and domestic trade of cocoon silk products in the silk manufacturing
industrial chain, established for more than 20 years, committed to the research and development,
production and sales of functional silk fabrics. Dream Partner owns several large-scale sericulture bases in mainland China, where it
can use them to cultivate silkworm cocoons, which is the raw material for silk production. Dream Partner also has production plant equipped
with advanced machinery, such as Italian rapier looms to produce silk fabric. Dream Partner s products are sold domestically and
globally, mainly in India. Dream Partner cooperates with a number of scientific research institutions conducting silk fabric innovative
research and development and market applications, and launching a variety of new functional silk fabrics, which possess various qualities,
such as waterproof, oilproof, antibacterial, antiviral and other characters, in response to market demand. Dream Partner advocates a healthy,
comfortable and tasteful lifestyle, creates economic and social benefits with high value-added products, and enhances the core competitiveness
of enterprises. Dream Partner generates revenue from the following three streams: 

Processing and distributing
agricultural produce as well as growing and cultivating mulberry trees and silkworm cocoons - Dream Partner currently breeds
silkworms and produces related agricultural products, and continues to develop the sericulture base. Dream Partner works closely with
domestic scientific research institutions to promote mulberry seeds, silkworm seeds and advanced production modes according to local conditions,
reduce the risk of sericulture planting, reduce labor intensity and increase farmers income. The adequate output and high quality
of silkworm cocoons in our own sericulture base not only can ensure our own fabric production and manufacturing, but also can satisfy
the outside customers. Dream Partner also carries out fruit distribution business through collaboration with many domestic fruit traders,
and continuously expands the domestic market with high quality imported fruits. Dream Partner imports high quality fruits mainly from
Southeast Asian countries, such as Thailand and Malaysia. 

Processing and distributing
silk and silk fabrics as well as other by-products Processing and distributing silk and silk fabrics is our major
business. We conduct this segment of our business relying on our own bases and factory. Through the integrated operation system of trade,
industry and agriculture, it can achieve real and controllable raw materials, control the production costs and production cycles. In the
last 20 years of development, Dream Partner has continued to innovate and upgrade, introduced advanced intelligent manufacturing equipment,
improved production efficiency and product quality, developed innovative varieties, and had strong market competitiveness and won the
recognition of new and old customers. Our silk textiles are sold domestically and globally, mainly in India. 

Distributing automotive batteries for production of electric automotive -
In 2020, Dream Partner began to export automotive batteries to U.S. automakers for manufacturing electric automotives. Due to the new
policy requirements of manufacturing returning to the United States introduced in the second half of 2022, American automobile
manufacturers have adjusted their procurement strategies accordingly and selected more products produced and assembled in the United States.
After this, our revenue from sales of automotive batteries declined significantly. 

4 

Factors
Affecting Financial Performance 

Dream
Partner believes that the following factors will affect its financial performance: 

Increasing
demand for our products Dream Partner believes that the increasing demand for its agricultural products will have a
positive impact on its financial position. Dream Partner plans to develop new products and expand its distribution network as well
as to grow its business through product innovation, aiming at increasing its brand awareness, developing customer
loyalty, meeting customer demands in various markets and providing solid foundations for its growth. 

Maintaining
effective control of our costs and expenses - Successful cost control depends upon our ability to obtain and maintain
adequate material supplies as required by our operations at competitive prices. Dream Partner will focus on improving its long-term
cost control strategies, including establishing long-term alliances with certain suppliers to ensure adequate supply. Dream Partner
currently enjoys the economies of scale and advantages from the nationwide distribution network and diversified
offerings. 

Economic
and Political Risks 

Dream Partner s operations are conducted primarily in the PRC and
subject to special considerations and significant risks associated with suppliers and customers in Southeast Asia and North America. These
risks include the political, economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange risks. Our financial results may be adversely
affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC, and PRC governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations,
anti-inflationary measures, currency conversions, remittances abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

Discontinued Business 

Prior
to the Acquisition we conducted a majority of our operations through the operating entities established in the People s
Republic of China, or the PRC, through the variable interest entities (the VIEs ), which were then terminated in September 2023,
following the Acquisition. We did not have any equity ownership of the VIEs, instead we received the economic benefits of the
VIEs business operations through certain contractual arrangements. We used our subsidiaries and the VIEs vertically
and horizontally integrated production, distribution, and sales channels to provide plant-based health and well-being focused
products. The health and well-being focused plant-based products previously sold by the Company are divided into the following three
major segments: 

Processing
and distributing traditional Chinese herbal medicine products as well as other pharmaceutical products - This segment was conducted
through Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. Ankang Longevity Group ), a Chinese company formerly under contractual
arrangement with the Company which operated 66 cooperative retail pharmacies throughout Ankang Longevity Group, a city in southern Shaanxi
province, China, through which we sold directly to individual customers traditional Chinese medicinal products produced by us as well
as by third parties. Ankang Longevity Group also owned a factory specializing in decoction, which was the process by which solid materials
are heated or boiled in order to extract liquids, and distributed decoction products to wholesalers and pharmaceutical companies around
China. 

On
June 8, 2021, Tenet-Jove entered into a Restructuring Agreement with various parties. Pursuant to the terms of the Restructuring Agreement,
(i) the Company transferred all of its rights and interests in Ankang Longevity Group to Yushe County Guangyuan Forest Development Co.,
Ltd. Guangyuan s Shareholders in exchange for Guangyuan Shareholders entering into VIE agreements with Tenet-Jove,
which composed of one group of similar identifiable assets; (ii) Tenet-Jove entered a Termination Agreement with Ankang Longevity Group
and the Ankang Longevity Group Shareholders; (iii) as a consideration to the Restructuring Agreement and based on a valuation report
on the equity interests of Guangyuan issued by an independent third party, Tenet-Jove relinquished all of its rights and interests in
Ankang Longevity Group and transferred those rights and interests to the Guangyuan Shareholders; and (iv) Guangyuan and the Guangyuan
Shareholders entered into a series of variable interest entity agreements with Tenet-Jove. After signing of the Restructuring Agreement,
the Company and the shareholders of Ankang Longevity Group and Guangyuan actively carried out the transferring of rights and interests
in Ankang Longevity Group and Guangyuan, and the transferring was completed subsequently on July 5, 2021. Afterwards, with the completion
of all other follow-ups works, on August 16, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary Tenet-Jove, completed the previously announced
acquisition pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement dated June 8, 2021. The management determined that July 5, 2021 was the disposal
date of Ankang Longevity Group. 

Processing
and distributing green and organic agricultural produce as well as growing and cultivating yew trees (taxus media) - We cultivated and soled yew mainly to group and corporate customers, but did not process yew into Chinese or Western medicines. This
segment was conducted through the following VIEs: Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Ltd Qingdao Zhihesheng ).
Meanwhile, we planted fast-growing bamboo willows and scenic greening trees through Guangyuan.
The operations of this segment were located in the North regions of Mainland China, mostly carried out in Shanxi Province. 

Providing
domestic air and overland freight forwarding services - We provided domestic air and overland freight forwarding services
by outsourcing these services to a third party. This segment was conducted through the Zhisheng VIE, Yantai Zhisheng International Freight
Forwarding Co., Ltd Zhisheng Freight ). 

Developing
and distributing specialized fabrics, textiles, and other byproducts derived from an indigenous Chinese plant Apocynum Venetum, grown
in the Xinjiang region of China, and known in Chinese as Luobuma or bluish dogbane - The Luobuma
products are specialized textile and health supplement products designed to incorporate traditional Eastern medicines with modern scientific
methods. These products are predicated on centuries-old traditions of Eastern herbal remedies derived from the Luobuma raw material.
This segment is channeled through our directly-owned subsidiary, Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. Tenet-Jove ),
and its 90 subsidiary Tianjin Tenet Huatai Technological Development Co., Ltd. Tenet Huatai ). 

Contractual
Arrangements with Each VIE 

Shineco conducted its business
through a combination of contractual arrangements with PRC operating companies and equity ownership of PRC subsidiaries. The contractual
arrangements with respect to the VIEs were not equivalent to an equity ownership in the business of the VIEs but were used to replicate
foreign investments in China-based companies where Chinese law prohibit or limit direct foreign investment in Chinese companies belonging
to certain categories. Where Shineco operated its business through such contractual relationships, it was subject to risks related to
such operation. As of June 30, 2023, any references to control or benefits that accrued to Shineco because of the VIEs are limited to,
and subject to conditions we have satisfied for consolidation of the VIEs under U.S. GAAP. As of June 30, 2023, the VIEs are consolidated
for accounting purposes but none of them is an entity in which Shineco owned equity. Shineco did not conduct any active operations and
was the primary beneficiary of the VIEs for accounting purposes. Our shareholders did not own any equity in any of Shineco s subsidiaries
or the VIEs. 

The
principal regulation governing foreign ownership of businesses in the PRC is the Foreign Investment Industrial Guidance Catalogue, effective
as of April 10, 2015 (the Catalogue ). The Catalogue classifies various industries into three categories: encouraged, restricted
and prohibited. Shineco was engaged in businesses and industries where direct foreign investment is expressly prohibited: the preparation
of traditional Chinese medicines in small pieces ready for decoction. 

Due,
in part, to the regulations on foreign ownership of PRC businesses, neither Shineco neither our subsidiaries owned any equity interest in the
Zhisheng Group, with which Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., a Chinese company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Shineco WFOE had entered into one set of VIE agreements respectively with each following Chinese operating companies: Zhisheng
Biotech, Yantai Zhisheng and Zhihesheng. In addition, as a result of the Restructuring Agreement dated June 8, 2021, WFOE entered into
the series of VIE agreements with Guangyuan Forest and its shareholders on the same date. Instead of direct ownership, Shineco received
the economic benefits of each VIEs business operations through a series of contractual arrangements. WFOE, each of the four VIEs
and their shareholders had entered into a series of contractual arrangements, also known as VIE Agreements. 

5 

Each
set of the VIE Agreements is described below and consisted of, for each of the Zhisheng Group and Guangyuan, (a) exclusive business cooperation
agreements, (b) equity interest pledge agreements, (c) exclusive option agreements, and (d) powers of attorney. As an overview, these
agreements taken together were designed to allow Shineco to manage the operations of each of the VIEs and to receive all of the net income
of such VIEs in return therefor. To secure WFOE s interest in the VIEs, the equity interest pledges and option agreements and the
powers of attorney were designed to allow WFOE to step in and convert its contractual interest into an equity interest in the event we
determined that doing so is warranted. 

The
following is a summary of the common contractual arrangements that enabled us to receive substantially all of the economic benefits from
the four VIEs operations for accounting purposes under U.S. GAAP in the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2023. 

Exclusive
Business Cooperation Agreements 

WFOE
entered into an Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement with Zhisheng Biotech, Yantai Zhisheng, Zhihesheng, and Guangyuan Forest on
February 24, 2014, June 16, 2011, May 24, 2012, and June 8, 2021, respectively. WFOE managed each VIE pursuant to the terms
of each of the four Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements. 

Pursuant
to substantially identical Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements between each VIE and WFOE, WFOE provided each VIE with technical
support, consulting services and other management services relating to its day-to-day business operations and management, on an exclusive
basis, utilizing its advantages in technology, human resources, and information. Additionally, each VIE had granted an irrevocable and
exclusive option to WFOE to purchase from such VIE, any or all of its assets, to the extent permitted under applicable PRC law. WFOE
also could exercise, at its sole discretion, the option to purchase from each VIE any or all of such VIE s assets at the lowest purchase
price permitted by PRC law. If WFOE exercised such option, the parties had to enter into a separate asset transfer or similar agreement.
WFOE owned all intellectual property rights that are developed during the course of each Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement.
For services rendered to each VIE by WFOE under the agreement to which such VIE is a party, WFOE was entitled to collect a service fee
calculated based on the time of services rendered multiplied by the corresponding rate, which were approximately equal to the net income
of such VIE. 

Each
Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement remained in effect for ten years until it was extended or terminated by WFOE, which could have be
done unilaterally, except in the case of gross negligence or fraud, in which case the VIE could terminate the agreements. Pursuant to each
such agreement, WFOE had absolute authority relating to the management of each VIE, including but not limited to decisions with regard
to expenses, salary raises and bonuses, hiring, firing and other operational functions. Although the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements
did not prohibit related party transactions, the audit committee of Shineco was required to review and approve in advance any related
party transactions, including transactions involving WFOE or any VIE. To continue the contractual relationship with Zhihesheng, WFOE
entered into an amendment dated April 24, 2022 to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement with Zhihesheng to extend the term of
such Agreement for additional twenty (20) years from May 23, 2022. Similarly, to continue the contractual relationship with Yantai Zhisheng,
WFOE entered into an amendment dated June 1, 2021 to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement with Yantai Zhisheng to extend the
term of such Agreement for additional twenty (20) years from June 15, 2021. 

Equity
Interest Pledge Agreements 

Under
the Equity Interest Pledge Agreements among the WFOE, each VIE and each group of shareholders of the VIE, the shareholders pledged all
of their equity interests in each such VIE to WFOE to guarantee the performance of such VIE s obligations under the respective
Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement. Under the terms of each agreement, in the event that the VIE or its shareholders breached their
respective contractual obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement to which they are a party, WFOE, as pledgee, was entitled to certain rights, including, but not limited to, the right to collect dividends generated by the pledged equity interests.
Each VIE s shareholders also agreed that upon occurrence of any event of default, as set forth in the applicable Equity Interest
Pledge Agreement, WFOE was entitled to dispose of the pledged equity interest in accordance with applicable PRC laws. Each VIE s
shareholders further agreed not to dispose of the pledged equity interests or take any actions that would prejudice WFOE s interest
in the applicable VIE. 

Each
Equity Interest Pledge Agreement was effective until all payments due under the related Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
were paid by the VIE party thereto. WFOE could cancel or terminate an Equity Interest Pledge Agreement upon a VIE s full payment
of fees payable under its applicable Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement. 

Exclusive
Option Agreements 

Under the Exclusive Option Agreements,
shareholders of each VIE irrevocably granted WFOE (or its designee) an exclusive option to purchase, to the extent permitted under PRC
law, once or at multiple times, at any time, part or all of their equity interests in each VIE. The option price was equal to the capital
paid in by the applicable VIE shareholders subject to any appraisal or restrictions required by applicable PRC laws and regulations. The
option purchase price could be increased in case the applicable VIE shareholders make additional capital contributions to such VIE. 

Each agreement remained effective
for a term of ten years and could be unilaterally renewed at WFOE s election. WFOE, Zhihesheng and all of the shareholders of Zhihesheng
entered into an amendment dated April 25, 2022 to the Exclusive Option Agreement to extend the term of such Agreement for additional twenty
(20) years from May 23, 2022. Yantai Zhisheng, WFOE and all of the shareholders of Yantai Zhisheng entered into an amendment dated June
1, 2021 to the Exclusive Option Agreement with Yantai Zhisheng to extend the term of such Agreement for additional twenty (20) years from
June 15, 2021. 

6 

Powers
of Attorney 

Under
the Powers of Attorney, the shareholders of each VIE authorized WFOE to act on their behalf as their exclusive agent and attorney with
respect to all rights as shareholders of the respective VIEs, including but not limited to: (a) attending shareholders meetings;
(b) exercising all the shareholder s rights, including voting, that shareholders are entitled to under the laws of China and the
Articles of Association, including but not limited to the sale or transfer or pledge or disposition of shares in part or in whole; and
(c) designating and appointing on behalf of shareholders the legal representative, the executive director, supervisor, the chief executive
officer and other senior management members of the respective VIEs. 

Summary
of challenges and risks involved in the VIE Arrangements and enforcing the VIE Agreements 

Prior to the Acquisition and
the termination of the VIE structure, Shineco was also subject to the legal and operational risks associated with being based in and having
the majority of its operations in China and operating through VIEs. These risks could result in material changes in operations, or a complete
hindrance of Shineco s ability to offer or continue to offer its securities to investors, and could cause the value of Shineco s
securities to significantly decline or become worthless. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements
to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market,
enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend
the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the
Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued an announcement to crack down on
illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital market, which, among other things,
requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement and judicial cooperation, to enhance
supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application of the
PRC securities laws. On July 10, 2021, the PRC State Internet Information Office issued the Measures of Cybersecurity Review, which requires
cyberspace companies with personal information of more than one (1) million users that want to list their securities on a non-Chinese
stock exchange to file a cybersecurity review with the Office of Cybersecurity Review of China. On December 28, 2021, a total of thirteen
governmental departments of the PRC, including the Cyberspace Administration of China (the CAC ), issued the Measures of
Cybersecurity Review, which became effective on February 15, 2022. The Cybersecurity Review Measures provide that an online platform operator,
which possesses personal information of at least one million users, must apply for a cybersecurity review by the CAC if it intends to
be listed in foreign countries. Because our previous operations doid not possess personal information from more than one million users
at this moment, Shineco did not believe that it is subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC. 

As of June 30, 2023, neither
the Measures of Cybersecurity Review nor the anti-monopoly regulatory actions had impacted Shineco s ability to conduct its business,
accept foreign investments, or continue its listing on Nasdaq or on another non-Chinese stock exchange; however, there are uncertainties
in the interpretation and enforcement of these new laws and guidelines, which could materially and adversely impact the Company s
overall business and financial outlook. In summary, as of June 30, 2023, the recent statements and regulatory actions by China s
government related to the use of variable interest entities and data security or antimonopoly concerns had not affected the Company s
ability to conduct its business, accept foreign investments, or list on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. However, since these statements
and regulatory actions by the PRC government are newly published and official guidance and related implementation rules have not been
issued, it is highly uncertain what the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on Shineco s daily
business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list on a U.S. or non-Chinese exchange. The Standing Committee of the
National People s Congress (the SCNPC or other PRC regulatory authorities may in the future promulgate laws, regulations
or implementing rules that would require Shineco or any of its subsidiaries to obtain regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before
listing in the U.S. 

Prior to the Acquisition and the
termination of the VIE structure, because Shineco did not hold equity interests in the VIEs, we were subject to risks due to the uncertainty
of the interpretation and application of the PRC laws and regulations, including but not limited to regulatory review of oversea listing
of PRC companies through a special purpose vehicle, and the validity and enforcement of the contractual arrangement with the VIEs. We
were also subject to the risks of the uncertainty that the PRC government could disallow the VIE structure, which could have likely resulted
in a material change in our operations, or a complete hindrance of our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities to investors,
and the value of our shares of common stock may had depreciated significantly. The arrangements of VIE Agreements are less effective than
direct ownership due to the inherent risks of the VIE structure and that Shineco could have had difficulty in enforcing any rights it
had under the VIE agreements with the VIEs, its founders and shareholders in the PRC because all of the VIE agreements are governed by
the PRC laws and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitration in the PRC, where the legal environment is uncertain and not
as developed as in the United States, and where the Chinese government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of Shineco s
business and may intervene or influence Shineco s operations at any time with little advance notice, which could result in a material
change in our operations and/or the value of your common stock. In addition, the contractual agreements with the VIEs have not been tested
in court in China and this structure involves unique risks to investors. Furthermore, these VIE agreements may not be enforceable in China
if the PRC authorities or courts take a view that such VIE agreements contravene with the PRC laws and regulations or are otherwise not
enforceable for public policy reasons. In the event we were unable to enforce these VIE Agreements, Shineco would have not been able to
derive economic benefits from the VIEs and Shineco s ability to conduct its business could have been materially and adversely affected.
As of June 30, 2023, any references to economic benefits that accrued to Shineco because of the VIEs are limited to, and subject to conditions
we had satisfied for consolidation of the VIEs under U.S. GAAP. The VIEs are consolidated for accounting purposes but none of them is
an entity in which Shinceco owned equity. Shineco did not conduct any active operations and ws the primary beneficiary of the VIEs for
accounting purposes. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure , Risk Factors Risks
Associated With Doing Business in China and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Investment in Our Common Stock 
for more information. 

Asset Transfer and Dividend Distribution Among
Shineco, its Subsidiaries and the VIEs 

As of the date of this report,
Shineco, any of its subsidiaries or any of the VIEs have not distributed any earnings or settled any amounts owed under the VIE Agreements.
We intend to keep any future earnings to finance the expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate that any cash dividends will
be paid in the foreseeable future. 

As of June 30, 2023, Shineco s
operating subsidiaries and the VIEs received substantially all of the Company s revenue in RMB. Under our previous corporate structure
of mixed ownership and VIE arrangement, the WFOE had paid some of Shineco s expenses and Shineco had from time to time transferred
cash to WFOE to fund WFOE and other subsidiaries or VIEs operations. For the year ended June 30, 2023, Shineco transferred
cash in the total amount of 200,000 to WFOE and WFOE paid expense approximately 23,746 on behalf of Shineco. For the year ended June
30, 2022, Shineco transferred cash in the aggregate amount of 15,349,077 to the WFOE and WFOE paid 978,979 to Shineco s creditors
on behalf of Shineco. The assets transfer was for business operation purposes. There was no distribution of earnings by the PRC operating
subsidiaries to Shineco during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Under the existing PRC foreign
exchange regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (the SAFE by
complying with certain procedural requirements. Approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is, however, required
where RMB is to be converted into a foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses, such as the repayment of loans
denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also, at its discretion, restrict access in the future to foreign currencies
for Shineco s accounts with little advance notice. 

7 

Product
Description 

Yew
Trees, fast-growing bamboo willows and scenic greening trees 

Prior to the Acquisition and
the termination of the VIE structure, through Zhisheng Group VIEs, we sold ornamental yew trees and yew cuttings to third parties. We
also rented ornamental yew trees to companies who desired the environmental benefits of natural plants in their workplaces. Before engaging
in the business of selling yew trees and yew cuttings, we were primarily engaged in the production, distribution and sale of agricultural
products, including the planting and processing of organic fruits and vegetables, such as tomatoes, eggplants, string beans, peppers as
well as certain popular fruits in China like blueberries and wine grapes, but those operations were temporarily scaled back due to stiff
competition and a change of our internal policy in favor of the expansion of the yew tree business. 

As our inventories of young yew
trees matured, our long-term goals were particularly focused on the extraction of paclitaxel or taxol, which is derived from certain species
of yew trees including those we grew. Taxol, a broad-spectrum mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy, can be extracted from mature
yew trees. As a mitotic inhibitor, taxol adheres to rapidly dividing cancerous cells during mitosis (cell division) and interferes with
the division process. It may suppress tumor growth through regulating microtubule stabilization, inducing apoptosis and adjusting immunologic
mechanism. Taxol is also used for the prevention of restenosis, which is the narrowing of blood vessels. In the treatment of certain soft
tissue cancers, such as breast cancer, taxol is given for early stage and metastatic breast cancer after combination anthracycline and
cytoxan therapy and is also given as treatment to shrink a tumor before surgery. It can also be used together with a drug called Cisplatin
to treat advanced ovarian cancer and non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved
taxol as the primary and secondary treatment for NSCLC. There are other generally accepted protocols for the use of taxol as a cancer
drug alone or in combination with other drugs depending upon the diagnosis, staging and type of cancer, as well as a patient s medical
history, tolerances and allergies, among other relevant factors. Taxol is usually sold to large pharmaceutical companies to be used in
their products, which can be used to treat patients with lung, ovarian, breast, head and neck cancer, and advanced forms of Kaposi s
sarcoma. 

Following the acquisition of
Guangyuan, we entered the market of planting fast-growing bamboo willows and scenic greening trees. The operations of this segment were
located in the North regions of Mainland China, mostly carried out in Shanxi Province. 

8 

Tenet-Jove
Textiles 

Various scientists and other Chinese researchers have brought modern scientific methods to the study of Luobuma, and have determined
that Luobuma fibers have an increased tendency to radiate light at the far infrared end of the light spectrum, with wavelengths
measuring between 8-15 microns (referred to as FIR ). Based on Chinese scientific studies some believe that Luobuma s
FIR-radiating qualities exert a positive effect on various functions of the human body, including cellular metabolism. For this reason,
we had marketed and sold these products utilizing such technology. These products are popular with Chinese customers seeking the perceived
benefits of traditional Chinese medicine. 

For
example, according to a report by the College of Science of Tianjin University, tests conducted by the PRC s National Institute
of Metrology have reported that the radiance rate of far infrared light from Luobuma fiber is 84 , 2 to 4 times higher than that from
cotton and other natural fibers. The same tests found that the FIR radiance rate from our proprietary bio-ceramic powder reaches 91 .
Healthful benefits have been observed at radiance rate levels above 70 . Based on these observations about FIR radiance, we had developed
textiles that our customers can wear and from which we believe they can receive those health benefits commonly associated with Chinese
herbal remedies. 

Tenet-Jove
first commercially developed the natural FIR-radiant properties of the Luobuma plant in 1997. We referred to this natural Luobuma fiber
as a Second Generation FIR textile. The First Generation of FIR-radiant textiles initially became popular
in China around 1989, when manufacturers learned to add 3 of a FIR-radiant inorganic material to synthetic fibers comparable to nylon
or polyester. This First Generation FIR material employs a relatively low level of technology and has relatively few perceived
or measurable health benefits. The Second Generation FIR textiles we had developed are softer, smoother and more breathable
natural fibers that are not as prone to static electricity as the low technology First Generation FIR-radiant textiles. 

The Luobuma fabrics had been
a success in the Chinese domestic market and had also received numerous awards. The technology applied to the Luobuma-based FIR Therapeutic
Clothing and Textile Products had received a Special Golden Award from the China National Intellectual Property Bureau at
China s National Patent and Brand Expo. The products under the brand name of Tenethealth had also been honored with
the title of Consumer s Favorite Products by the Chinese Consumer Association. 

The fibers of natural Luobuma
FIR materials can contain up to 32 medicinal compounds, many of which are familiar to practitioners of traditional Chinese medicine. In
addition, the processes for manufacturing Luobuma textiles produced a fabric that is smooth, air-permeable, and soft. By combining a product
that is familiar to PRC consumers seeking the benefits of traditional Chinese medicine with quality and comfort, we believes we were innovative
and had chosen a product that had great commercial potential in the Chinese textile market. 

Tenet-Jove
Product Development 

We had developed what we term
a Third Generation of FIR textiles under a contract with the Institute of Process Engineering at the Chinese Academy of
Sciences, one of the leading scientific institutions in China. Our research and development had focused on adding nanotechnology enhancements
to the Luobuma textile products, in which we used small-scale nanotechnology to be embed or impregnate our Luobuma-fiber textiles with
other FIR-radiant materials, bio-ceramic materials, or other Chinese herbal remedies. Using these nanotechnology methods, we had developed
and marketed health-promoting textile goods that are impregnated with FIR-radiant materials or other Chinese herbal remedies, which are
then absorbed through the wearer s skin. We believed that these Third Generation FIR textiles will better combine
the health benefits of Luobuma with an even softer, more natural cotton-like fabric that will be popular with Chinese consumers. 

Prior to the Acquisition and
the termination of the VIE structure, the Company produced approximately 100 Third Generation FIR textile products. These
textile products included: 

Far
 Infrared bedding sets (including various pillows, comforters, and sheets); 

Far
 Infrared underwear, T-shirts, and socks; 

Far
 Infrared knee and shin pads, waist supports and other protective clothing; and 

Far
 Infrared body wraps or protectors (for the ankle, elbow, wrist, and knee). 

All our textile products were
made of Luobuma-based fibers and were impregnated with bio-ceramic powder, which contains various minerals such as halloysite. Both the
fiber and the bio-ceramic powder were developed with the Company s patented, proprietary techniques. 

9 

Manufacturing
and Production Facilities 

Prior to the Acquisition and
the termination of the VIE structure, we had formed strategic alliances with several certified knitting and clothing manufacturers throughout
China in order to produce the Luobuma products. We assigned them limited manufacturing jobs and require certain conditions, including
protecting our proprietary techniques and meeting our rigid quality standards. 

Strategy for Research and Development 

To
 keep the products proprietary and patented; 

To
 commit to further development of the Luobuma byproducts, houpu magnolia products, and selenium-enriched herbs and plants; and 

To
 build strategic alliances with universities and scientific institutions, which allowed us exposure to advanced technologies,
 excellent researchers and scientists and we believed that it will lower the costs and timing of the development of new
 products. 

Tenet-Jove specialized in developing
Luobuma products and combining FIR technology with natural herbal medicines. We estimated that there are large supplies of Luobuma in
China, especially Xinjiang Province. In China, Luobuma can grow as high as 3.6 meters. In the first year after planting, Luobuma can be
harvested once during that year; thereafter, it can be harvested twice per year before or at the beginning of the flowering period in
June and a second time around September. 

Intellectual
Property 

Trademarks 

Tenet-Jove had obtained 18 trademark
registrations at the China Trademark Office. As of June 30, 2023, we are not aware of any valid claim or challenges to our right to use
the registered trademark or any counterfeit or other infringement to the registered trademark. 

Distribution
Network 

Prior to the Acquisition and
the termination of the VIE structure, we sold the products through various distribution networks. 

The Luobuma product distribution
networks consisted of four distributors who distribute the products to approximately 21 outlets, including flagship stores, retail stores
and sales counters. These distributors sold the products throughout mainland China, under the proprietary brand name and Tenethealth 
trademark. We also sold the Luobuma textile products online through third party e-commerce websites, such as Taobao, Tmall and JD. The
yew trees and agricultural products were primarily sold through our sales personnel and group and institutional sales. 

Our sales and distribution strategy
for the products focused on expanding our distribution network of retail stores and sales counters into all major provinces and cities
of China. We also planned to use our then distribution network to introduce the newly developed products into target markets more efficiently
and effectively. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Prior to the Acquisition and
the termination of the VIE structure, we marketed Luobuma to consumers primarily by highlighting its unique characteristics the
material is soft like cotton, breathable like hemp and is smooth to the touch like silk, and its FIR-radiating qualities are believed
by some to exert a positive effect on various functions of the human body. Very few other companies in China were involved with Luobuma
fiber production, so we were chiefly able to market the products against products of natural and man-made fibers that do not have the
perceived advantages of Luobuma. The small number of companies that were involved in Luobuma fiber production were still using the traditional,
outdated methods of producing Luobuma. We were the only company using advanced technologies. Tenet-Jove s overall marketing strategy
included: 

Brand
 marketing strategy, primarily through media publicity, product- and market-oriented strategy; 

Distinguishing
 Luobuma as a high-end, technologically advanced native Chinese product; and 

Online advertising, which included online advertisements appearing on the
sites where we sold our products, as well as social media advertising, including Wechat, and direct e-mail solicitations. 

10 

The
Zhisheng Group emphasized the following marketing strategies: 

Focusing on the advanced growing conditions provided by the modern greenhouse
operations and the potential pharmaceutical byproducts of yew, especially paclitaxel or taxol; and 

Brand marketing to focus on the yew s brand positioning. 

Prior to the discontinuation and the Acquisition,
the Company s sales were generated through the following five major channels: 

1. 
 Retail stores and sales counters. We mainly sold the Luobuma related products
through sales counters and medicine through the pharmacy chain stores. 

2. 
 Sales to group or institutional customers. We mainly sold the organic agricultural
products and yew trees to group or corporate customers. 

3. 
 Seminars and conferences. Because a majority of new consumers need to learn
about our new products before buying them, it was very important and effective for us to organize or sponsor seminars and events to present
healthcare knowledge while introducing and selling the products to new users. 

4. 
 E-commerce. We mainly sold the Luobuma related products through Tmall and
Taobao to underdeveloped regions in China, Taiwan and Macau. We were one of only three certified online sellers of Luobuma textile products
on China s largest online sales platform, Tmall run by Alibaba. Selling through the Internet had become increasingly important to
our sales in undeveloped regions and developed cities. 

The
Market 

Prior to the Acquisition and
the termination of the VIE structure, we primarily marketed our health and wellbeing-focused products in China. We did not sell any of
our products in the United States or Canada. On the demand side, we believed that the following four forces drove market growth in all
three of the business segments: 

1. 
 The
 rapid growth of China s economy, which has produced one of the largest groups of middle-class families in the world, with the
 largest collective purchasing power in the world. The Brookings Institution estimates that by 2030, over 70 percent of China s
 population could be middle class, consuming approximately 10 trillion in goods and services. 

2. 
 The
 increase of China s aging population. The China Census Bureau predicts that the majority of the China baby boom 
 population (representing 40 of China s total population) will be 66 or older by 2021, which represents over 500 million potential
 consumers of our pharmaceutical and healthcare products, the majority of which are sold to older customers. 

3. 
 Chinese
 people s increasing attention and awareness to healthy and active lifestyles, especially in urban areas. 

4. 
 Chinese
 healthcare reforms. 

11 

Competition 

We competed with other top-tier
healthcare companies in China. Many of them were more established than we were and had significantly greater financial, technical, marketing
and other resources than we possessed. Some of our competitors had greater name recognition and a larger customer base. Those competitors
could have responded more quickly to new or changing opportunities and customer requirements and could have undertaken more extensive
promotional activities, offer more attractive terms to customers, and adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Some of our competitors
had also developed similar products that compete with ours. 

Our most prominent competitors
in China s textile products market were primarily large-scale textile companies, such as Luolai Home Textile Co., Fuanna Bedding
and Furnishing Co., Ltd., Violet Home Textile Co., and Shuixing Home Textile Co., Ltd, as well as Bauerfeind Sports and Albert Medical,
makers of protective clothing products similar to our protective clothing products. Our most prominent competitors in China s agricultural
market were Beijing Jinfu Yinong Agricultural Technology Group Co., Ltd. for vegetables and other produce and Shenyang Xincheng Garden
Engineering Co., Ltd. for yew trees. 

Zhisheng
Group 

There
were dozens of companies planting and cultivating yew trees in China, some of which were large-scale companies. Shenyang Xincheng Garden
Engineering Co., Ltd. was a large agricultural competitor whose main product is yew. Their nurseries had the most mature yew trees in
northeast China, and the average age of their yew trees is more than eleven years old. Another competitor, Chongqing Jiangjin District
Mansheng Agricultural Development Co., Ltd., had the biggest nursery for young plants in Southwest China. And Jingyin City Hengtu Town
Green Industry Yew Base specializes in cultivating, planting, gardening, and technological development of yew trees. They were the first
company to introduce taxus media yew trees in China. 

Tenet-Jove 

There
were few viable competitors producing advanced technology textile products with health benefits like our Luobuma textile products. Principally,
our competitors were those that market and sold traditional textile products, such as Luolai Home Textile Co., Fuanna Bedding and Furnishing
Co., Ltd., Violet Home Textile Co., and Shuixing Home Textile Co., Ltd, as well as those companies that marketed and sold protective clothing,
like Bauerfeind Sports and Albert Medical. Luobuma is native to China, thus our ability to source raw materials locally greatly enhanced
our competitive position in the Chinese market for high quality textile products with perceived health benefits. 

Corporate
Structure 

The
chart below depicts the corporate structure of the Company as of the date of this report. 

The chart below depicts the corporate
structure of the Company as of June 30, 2023. 

Employees 

As
of June 30, 2023, we employed a total of 87 full-time and no part-time employees in the following functions. 

Department 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Senior Management 
 12 
 
 Human Resource Administration 
 9 
 
 Finance 
 11 
 
 Research Development 
 6 
 
 Production Procurement 
 38 
 
 Sales Marketing 
 11 
 
 Total 
 87 

Our
employees are not represented by a labor organization or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work
stoppages. 

The
Company plans to hire additional employees as required. Its management and employees enjoy both compensation and welfare benefits pursuant
to Chinese laws. We are required under PRC law to make contributions to employee benefit plans at specified percentages of our after-tax
profit. In addition, we are required by PRC law to cover employees in China with various types of social insurance. In 2023 and 2022,
we contributed approximately 200,875 and 136,398, respectively, to employee social insurance. The effect on our liquidity by the payments for
these contributions is immaterial. We believe that we are in material compliance with the relevant PRC employment laws. 

12 

Relevant
PRC Regulations 

Permissions
from the PRC Authorities to Issue Our Common Stock to Foreign Investors 

As
of June 30, 2023, Shineco, our subsidiaries and the VIEs, (1) were not required to obtain any permission from any PRC authorities to
offer, sell or issue our common stock to non-Chinese investors, (2) were not covered by the permission requirements from the China
Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC ), Cyberspace Administration of China (the CAC ), or any other
regulatory agency that is required to approve of the VIEs operations, and (3) had not received nor been denied such
permissions by any PRC authorities. Nevertheless, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and
the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities
Activities According to Law, or the July 6, 2021 Opinions, which were made available to the public on July 6, 2021. The July
6, 2021 Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and the need to strengthen
the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese companies. Given the current PRC regulatory environment, it is uncertain whether
and when we or any of our subsidiaries, will be required to obtain any permission from the PRC government to list or
continue listing on a U.S. stock exchange in the future, and even when we obtain such permission, whether it will be denied or
rescinded. We have been closely monitoring regulatory developments in China regarding any necessary approvals from the CSRC, CAC or
other PRC governmental authorities required for overseas listings. 

If
(i) we, our subsidiaries inadvertently conclude that any of such permission was not required or (ii) it is determined in
the future that the approval of the CSRC, CAC or any other regulatory authority is required for maintaining listing of our securities
on Nasdaq, we will actively seek such permissions or approvals but may face sanctions by the CSRC, CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies.
These regulatory agencies may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability to pay dividends outside of China,
limit our operations in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from offerings into China or take other actions that
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading
price of our securities. The CSRC, CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies also may take actions requiring us, or making it advisable for
us, to halt offerings before settlement and delivery of our securities. Any uncertainties and/or negative publicity regarding such an
approval requirement could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our securities. In the event that we failed to obtain
such required approvals or permissions, it would be likely that our securities would be delisted from the Nasdaq or any other foreign
exchange our securities are listed then. 

The
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act 

On
May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA requiring a foreign company
to certify it is not owned or controlled by a foreign government if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the company
uses a foreign auditor not subject to PCAOB inspection. On December 18, 2020, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or HFCAA
was signed into law. On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which prohibits foreign companies from listing their securities on U.S. exchanges if the company has been unavailable for PCAOB inspection
or investigation for three consecutive years. 

Our
common stock may be prohibited from trading on a national exchange or over-the-counter markets under the HFCAA if the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB determines that it is unable to inspect or fully investigate our auditor and
as a result the exchange where our securities are traded may delist our securities. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed
the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the AHFCAA ), which was signed into law on December 29, 2022,
amending the HFCAA and requiring the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchange if its auditor
is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued
a Determination Report on December 16, 2021, which found that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely certain named
registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report
that vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it
is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. 

Our auditor, an independent registered public accounting firm, as an auditor
of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States
pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our newly
engaged auditor Assensture PAC is headquartered in Singapore, and is subject to inspection by the PCAOB on a regular basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the future, if there is any regulatory change or step taken by
PRC regulators that does not permit our auditor to provide audit documentations located in China or Hong Kong to the PCAOB for inspection
or investigation, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection which could result in limitation on or restriction to our access
to the U.S. capital markets and trading of our securities, including trading on the national exchange and trading on over-the-counter 
markets. 

13 

SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

The
following historical statements of operations and statements of cash flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022,
and balance sheet data as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, which have been derived from our audited financial statements for those
periods. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. 

Selected Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For
 the Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Shineco,
 Inc. (U.S.) 
 Subsidiaries
 (Hong Kong PRC) 
 WFOE
 and WFOE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 VIE
 and VIE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated
 Total 
 
 Revenue 
 - 
 550,476 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 550,476 
 
 Revenues
 from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 43,431 
 2,448,508 
 
 2,491,939 
 
 Cost
 of revenue 
 - 
 424,291 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 424,291 
 
 Cost
 of revenue from discontinued operations 

2,638 
 3,042,798 
 
 3,045,436 
 
 Service
 income from VIE and VIE s subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Share
 of loss from subsidiaries 
 (5,590,602 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,590,602 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss from discontinued operations 

(3,760,652 
 515,789 
 
 (3,244,863 
 
 Consulting
 fee in relation to services rendered by WFOE 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss attributable to Shineco, Inc. 
 (13,879,188 
 (1,838,318 
 (3,752,284 
 515,789 
 5,590,602 
 (13,363,399 
 
 Comprehensive
 loss attributable to Shineco, Inc. 
 (13,879,188 
 2,974,394 
 (9,249,594 
 (1,691,238 
 5,590,602 
 (16,255,024 

For
 the Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Shineco,
 Inc. (U.S.) 
 Subsidiaries
 (Hong Kong PRC) 
 WFOE and
 WFOE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 VIE
 and VIE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated
 Total 
 
 Revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Revenues
 from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 43,949 
 2,142,511 
 - 
 2,186,460 
 
 Cost
 of revenue 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost
 of revenue from discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 98,209 
 3,698,914 
 
 3,797,123 
 
 Service
 income from VIE and VIE s subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Share
 of loss from subsidiaries 
 (5,660,306 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,660,306 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss from discontinued operations 

(5,450,499 
 (14,023,582 
 
 (19,474,081 
 
 Consulting
 fee in relation to services rendered by WFOE 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss attributable to Shineco, Inc. 
 (13,009,512 
 (243,853 
 (5,416,453 
 (14,023,582 
 5,660,306 
 (27,033,094 
 
 Comprehensive
 loss attributable to Shineco, Inc. 
 (13,009,512 
 (235,029 
 (5,306,089 
 (15,511,721 
 5,660,306 
 (28,402,045 

Selected Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As
 of June 30, 2023 

Shineco,
 Inc. (U.S.) 
 Subsidiaries
 (Hong Kong PRC) 
 WFOE
 and WFOE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 VIE
 and VIE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated
 Total 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 45,539 
 580,427 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 625,966 
 
 Service
 fee receivable due from VIE and VIE s subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 37,085,179 
 - 
 (37,085,179 
 - 
 
 Intercompany
 receivable 
 44,177,210 
 - 
 1,368,690 
 - 
 (45,545,900 
 - 
 
 Current
 assets held for discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 43,030,297 
 32,532,618 
 (38,453,869 
 37,109,046 
 
 Total
 current assets 
 46,272,162 
 1,719,745 
 43,030,297 
 32,532,618 
 (82,631,079 
 40,923,743 
 
 Investments
 in subsidiaries 
 17,225,175 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (17,225,175 
 - 
 
 Non-current
 assets held for discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 81,816 
 2,493,882 
 - 
 2,575,698 
 
 Total
 non-current assets 
 17,225,175 
 19,969,698 
 81,816 
 2,493,882 
 (17,225,175 
 22,545,396 
 
 Total
 Assets 
 63,497,337 
 21,689,443 
 43,112,113 
 35,026,500 
 (99,856,254 
 63,469,139 
 
 Service
 fee payable due to WFOE 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 37,085,179 
 (37,085,179 
 - 
 
 Intercompany
 payable 
 - 
 15,631,584 
 24,916,426 
 4,997,890 
 (45,545,900 
 - 
 
 Total
 liabilities held for discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 25,762,654 
 48,035,508 
 (66,999,495 
 6,798,667 
 
 Total
 Liabilities 
 16,498,932 
 18,950,078 
 25,762,654 
 48,035,508 
 (82,631,079 
 26,616,093 
 
 Total
 Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 46,998,405 
 2,739,365 
 13,058,311 
 (13,009,008 
 (17,225,175 
 32,561,898 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest 
 - 
 - 
 4,291,148 
 - 
 - 
 4,291,148 
 
 Total
 Equity (Deficit) 
 46,998,405 
 2,739,365 
 17,349,459 
 (13,009,008 
 (17,225,175 
 36,853,046 
 
 Total
 Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 
 63,497,337 
 21,689,443 
 43,112,113 
 35,026,500 
 (99,856,254 
 63,469,139 

As
 of June 30, 2022 

Shineco,
 Inc. (U.S.) 
 Subsidiaries
 (Hong Kong PRC) 
 WFOE and
 WFOE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 VIE
 and VIE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated
 Total 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 828,437 
 109,575 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 938,012 
 
 Service
 fee receivable due from VIE and VIE s subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 37,085,179 
 - 
 (37,085,179 
 - 
 
 Intercompany
 receivable 
 26,116,526 
 72,898 
 - 
 - 
 (26,189,424 
 - 
 
 Current
 assets held for discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 45,348,396 
 34,723,255 
 (37,085,179 
 42,986,472 
 
 Total
 current assets 
 42,753,363 
 185,014 
 45,348,396 
 34,723,255 
 (63,274,603 
 59,735,425 
 
 Investments
 in subsidiaries 
 22,815,777 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (22,815,777 
 - 
 
 Non-current
 assets held for discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 2,258,755 
 1,212,739 
 - 
 3,471,494 
 
 Total
 non-current assets 
 23,433,223 
 1,652 
 2,258,755 
 1,212,739 
 (22,815,777 
 4,090,592 
 
 Total
 Assets 
 66,186,586 
 186,666 
 47,607,151 
 35,935,994 
 (86,090,380 
 63,826,017 
 
 Service
 fee payable due to WFOE 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 37,085,179 
 (37,085,179 
 - 
 
 Intercompany
 payable 
 - 
 414,737 
 21,325,391 
 4,449,296 
 (26,189,424 
 - 
 
 Current
 liabilities held for discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 25,697,594 
 47,253,764 
 (62,859,866 
 10,091,492 
 
 Total
 Liabilities 
 20,414,679 
 421,695 
 25,697,594 
 47,253,764 
 (63,274,603 
 30,513,129 
 
 Total
 Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 45,771,907 
 (235,029 
 22,307,905 
 (11,317,770 
 (22,815,777 
 33,711,236 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest 
 - 
 - 
 (398,348 
 - 
 - 
 (398,348 
 
 Total
 Equity (Deficit) 
 45,771,907 
 (235,029 
 21,909,557 
 (11,317,770 
 (22,815,777 
 33,312,888 
 
 Total
 Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 
 66,186,586 
 186,666 
 47,607,151 
 35,935,994 
 (86,090,380 
 63,826,017 

14 

Selected Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Shineco, Inc. (U.S.) 
 Subsidiaries
 (Hong Kong PRC) 
 WFOE and WFOE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 VIE
 and VIE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated
 Total 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities from continuing operations 
 (2,390,511 
 (2,488,339 
 - 
 - 
 357,506 
 (4,521,344 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 (954,674 
 442,930 
 (357,506 
 (869,250 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) investing activities from continuing operations 
 (3,184,315 
 603,133 
 - 
 - 
 3,099,444 
 518,262 
 
 Net
 cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 217,106 
 - 
 298,106 
 515,212 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations 
 4,769,777 
 3,486,724 
 - 
 - 
 (3,782,769 
 4,473,732 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) financing activities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 (429,291 
 51,708 
 385,219 
 7,636 

For
 the Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Shineco,
 Inc. (U.S.) 
 Subsidiaries
 (Hong Kong PRC) 
 WFOE
 and WFOE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 VIE
 and VIE s Subsidiaries (PRC) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated
 Total 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities from continuing operations 
 (2,776,539 
 (366,842 
 - 
 - 
 (869,759 
 (4,013,140 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 (1,470,619 
 (1,098,562 
 869,759 
 (1,699,422 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities from continuing operations 
 (31,014,033 
 (1,815 
 - 
 - 
 15,829,827 
 (15,186,021 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 (8,434,180 
 (12,395,992 
 - 
 (20,830,172 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations 
 26,699,232 
 482,278 
 - 
 - 
 (482,278 
 26,699,232 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities from discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 14,945,141 
 2,115,409 
 (15,347,547 
 1,713,003 

15 

Roll-Forward of Investment in Subsidiaries 

Balance,
 June 30, 2021 
 28,476,083 
 
 Share
 of loss from subsidiaries 
 (5,660,306 
 
 Balance,
 June 30, 2022 
 22,815,777 
 
 Share
 of loss from subsidiaries 
 (5,590,602 
 
 Balance,
 June 30, 2023 
 17,225,175 

Item
 1a. 
 Risk
 Factors 

Risks
Relating to Our Corporate Structure 

If the PRC government deems that the VIE Agreements
do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries or other laws or regulations of the PRC,
or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, Shineco s shares could have declined
in value or become worthless provided that Shineco was unable to assert its contractual control rights over the assets of its PRC subsidiaries
that conducted all or substantially all of the operations. 

Shineco
is a holding company incorporated in Delaware. As a holding company with no material operations of our own, we conducted a
substantial majority of our operations through our then operating entities established in the People s Republic of China, or
the PRC, primarily the variable interest entities (the VIEs prior to the termination of the VIE structure. Due to PRC legal restrictions on foreign ownership in
any internet-related businesses we may explore and operate, we did not have any equity ownership of the VIEs, instead we controlled
and received the economic benefits of the VIEs business operations through certain contractual arrangements. Our common stock
that currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Markets are shares of our Delaware holding company. The Chinese regulatory authorities
could disallow our structure, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of our securities could
decline or become worthless. For a description of our corporate structure and contractual arrangements, see Business 
on page 4 above. 

We believe that our previous corporate
structure and contractual arrangements complied with the applicable PRC laws and regulations. We also believe that each of the contracts
among our then wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, the consolidated VIEs and its shareholders is valid, binding and enforceable in accordance
with its terms. However, there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws
and regulations. In addition, the contractual agreements with the VIE have not been tested in court in China and this structure involves
unique risks to investors. Thus, the PRC governmental authorities may take a view contrary to the opinion of our PRC legal counsel. It
is uncertain whether any new PRC laws or regulations relating to variable interest entity structure will be adopted or if adopted, what
they would provide. PRC laws and regulations governing the validity of these contractual arrangements are uncertain and the relevant government
authorities have broad discretion in interpreting these laws and regulations. 

If these regulations change or
are interpreted differently in the future and our previous corporate structure and contractual arrangements are deemed by the relevant
regulators that have competent authority, to be illegal, either in whole or in part, the relevant regulatory authorities would have broad
discretion in dealing with such violations, including: 

revoking
 our business and operating licenses; 

16 

levying
 fines on us; 

confiscating
 any of our income that they deem to be obtained through illegal operations; 

shutting
 down our services; 

discontinuing
 or restricting our operations in China; 

imposing
 conditions or requirements with which we may not be able to comply; 

requiring
 us and the PRC entities to restructure the relevant ownership structure; and 

taking
 other regulatory or enforcement actions that could be harmful to our business. 

Furthermore, new PRC laws, rules
and regulations may be introduced to impose additional requirements that may be applicable to our corporate structure and contractual
arrangements. Occurrence of any of these events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations and the market price of our common stock. In addition, if the imposition of any of these penalties or requirement to restructure
our corporate structure may cause the value of our common stock to decline significantly or even become worthless. 

Risks
Associated With Doing Business in China 

In
light of recent events indicating greater oversight by the CAC over data security, we may be subject to a variety of PRC laws and other
obligations regarding cybersecurity and data protection, and any failure to comply with applicable laws and obligations could have a
material adverse effect on our business, our listing on Nasdaq, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
regulatory requirements with respect to cybersecurity and data privacy are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations,
and significant changes, resulting in uncertainties about the scope of our responsibilities in that regard. Failure to comply with the
cybersecurity and data privacy requirements in a timely manner, or at all, may subject us to government enforcement actions and investigations,
fines, penalties, suspension or disruption of our operations, among other things. The Cybersecurity Law, which was adopted by the National
People s Congress on November 7, 2016 and came into force on June 1, 2017, and the Cybersecurity Review Measures, or the Review
Measures, which were promulgated on April 13, 2020, provide that personal information and important data collected and generated
by a critical information infrastructure operator in the course of its operations in China must be stored in China, and if a critical
information infrastructure operator purchases internet products and services that affect or may affect national security, it should be
subject to cybersecurity review by the CAC. In addition, a cybersecurity review is required where critical information infrastructure
operators, or the CIIOs, purchase network-related products and services, which products and services affect or may affect
national security. Due to the lack of further interpretations, the exact scope of what constitute a CIIO remains unclear.
Further, the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws. 

17 

On
June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated the Data Security Law, which took effect on
September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law requires that data shall not be collected by theft or other illegal means, and also provides
for a data classification and hierarchical protection system. The data classification and hierarchical protection system puts data into
different groups according to its importance in economic and social development, and the damages it may cause to national security, public
interests, or the legitimate rights and interests of individuals and organizations in case the data is falsified, damaged, disclosed,
illegally obtained or illegally used. In addition, the Office of the Central Cyberspace Affairs Commission and the Office of Cybersecurity
Review under the CAC, published the Measures of Cybersecurity Review (Revised Draft for Comments) on July 10, 2021, which provides that,
aside from CIIOs, data processing operators engaging in data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, must
be subject to the cybersecurity review by the Cybersecurity Review Office. On December 28, 2021, a total of thirteen governmental departments
of the PRC, including the PRC State Internet Information Office, issued the Measures of Cybersecurity Review, which became effective
on February 15, 2022. According to the Measures of Cybersecurity Review, a cybersecurity review is conducted by the CAC, to assess potential
national security risks that may be brought about by any procurement, data processing, or overseas listing. The Measures of Cybersecurity
Review further, if effective, would require that critical information infrastructure operators and services and data processing operators
that possess personal data of at least one (1) million users must apply for a review by the Cybersecurity Review Office of PRC, if they
plan to conduct securities listings on foreign exchanges. In addition to the new Measures of Cybersecurity Review, it also remains uncertain
whether any future regulatory changes would impose additional restrictions on companies like us. 

However,
it remains uncertain as to how the Measures of Cybersecurity Review will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory
agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the Measures
of Cybersecurity Review. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation come into effect, we expect to
take all reasonable measures and actions to comply therewith. However, we cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies, including the
CAC, would take the same view as we do, and we will not be subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC or designated as a CIIO. We
may experience disruptions to our operations should we be required to have a cybersecurity review by the CAC. Any cybersecurity review
could also result in uncertainty to our continued Nasdaq listing, negative impacts on our share trading prices and diversion of our managerial
and financial resources. 

The
Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. If the Chinese government
intervenes or influences our operations in the future, it could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of your
common stock. 

The
Chinese government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through
regulations and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those
relating to taxation, insurance commissions, property and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may
impose new and restrictive regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts
on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including
any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local
variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China, and result in
a material change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock. 

For
example, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator announced on July 2, 2021, that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE:
DIDI) and two days later ordered that Didi Global Inc. s application be removed from all the smartphone application stores in China. 

Given
the example of Didi Global Inc. and recent statements of by the Chinese government indicating an intent to exert more oversight and control
overseas offerings and foreign investments in China-based companies, such regulatory actions could significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value and trading prices of our common stock to
significantly decline or become worthless. 

We
have been closely monitoring regulatory developments in China regarding any necessary approvals from the CSRC, CAC or other PRC governmental
authorities required for overseas listings. If (i) we, our subsidiaries inadvertently conclude that any of such permission
was not required or (ii) it is determined in the future that the approval of the CSRC, CAC or any other regulatory authority is required
for maintaining listing of our securities on Nasdaq, we will actively seek such permissions or approvals but may face sanctions by the
CSRC, CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies. These regulatory agencies may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit
our ability to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operations in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from
offerings into China or take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our securities. The CSRC, CAC or other PRC regulatory agencies also may take
actions requiring us, or making it advisable for us, to halt offerings before settlement and delivery of our securities. Any uncertainties
and/or negative publicity regarding such an approval requirement could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our securities.
In the event that we failed to obtain such required approvals or permissions, it would be likely that our securities would be delisted
from Nasdaq or any other foreign exchange our securities are listed then. 

Although
we are currently not required to obtain any permission from any PRC government to continue listing our common stock on Nasdaq, it will
remain uncertain when and whether we will be required to obtain any permission from the PRC government to continue listing our shares
of common stock on Nasdaq, and even when we obtain such permission in accordance with the new rules and regulations, it will be unclear
whether such permission will be rescinded or revoked at some point in time. 

18 

Risk Factors Related to the Acquisition 

The Company has and expects to incur substantial
costs related to the Acquisition. 

We have incurred and may continue
to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with the Acquisition and related transactions. These costs include legal, valuation,
accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, closing, integration and other related costs. Some of these costs are payable regardless
of whether or not the Issuance is completed. 

Our estimates and judgments related to the valuation
used to determine the purchase price related to the acquisition of Dream Partner may be inaccurate. 

Our management has made significant
estimates and exercised judgment related to the acquisition of Dream Partner, based on its valuation of Wintus. Our business, operating
results, and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted in future periods if such judgments and estimates prove to be
inaccurate. 

If we are unable to effectively manage Wintus s
business, our reputation and operating results may be harmed. 

Following the Acquisition, we
are required to integrate the silk products and other businesses of Wintus into the operations of the Company. As our management has no
prior experience in these fields, we may be unable to successfully integrate these into our business operations. If we are unable to do
so for any reason, our reputation and operating results may be harmed and we would be unable to realize the business-related benefits
of the transaction. 

Wintus is highly susceptible to changes in market
demand for the types of silk-based products it sells. 

A significant portion of Wintus s
revenues are derived from its silk-based products. We therefore will become highly susceptible to changes in market demand for silk-based
products, which may be impacted by factors over which we have limited or no control. Factors that could lead to a decline in market demand
for silk-based products in general include economic conditions, demand for luxury goods and evolving consumer preferences. A substantial
downturn in market demand for such silk-based products may have a material adverse effect on our business and on our results of operations. 

Competitors and potential competitors may develop
products and technologies that make ours obsolete or garner greater market share than ours. 

Wintus s ability to compete
successfully will depend on its ability to demonstrate that its products are superior to and/or less expensive than other products available
in the market. Some of its competitors have the benefit of marketing their products under brand names that have better market recognition
than Wintus or have stronger marketing and distribution channels. Increased competition as to any of Wintus s products could result
in price reduction, reduced margins and loss of market share, which could negatively affect Wintus s profitability. 

Certain of Wintus s competitors
may benefit from government support and other incentives that are not available to Wintus. As a result, Wintus s competitors may
be able to develop competing and/or superior products and compete more aggressively and sustain that competition over a longer period
of time than Wintus can. As more companies develop new intellectual property in Wintus s markets, a competitor could acquire patent
or other rights that may limit Wintus s ability to successfully market its products. 

If Wintus s technologies or products are
stolen, misappropriated, or reverse engineered, others could use the technologies to produce competing technologies or products. 

Third parties, including collaborators,
contractors, and others involved in Wintus s business often have access to its technologies. If such technologies or products were
to be stolen, misappropriated, or reverse engineered, they could be used by other parties that may be able to reproduce Wintus s
technologies or products using such technologies for their own commercial gain. If this were to occur, it would be difficult for us to
challenge this type of use. 

Wintus operates in a regulated industry in China
which subjects its operations to regulatory and political risks 

The Wintus Group presently holds
a number of permits and licenses in China to operate its business operations, including a food business license. The group may be subject
to additional licensing requirements for its business operations due to changing regulatory policies or the uncertainties of interpretation
and implementation of relevant laws and regulations and the enforcement practice by relevant government authorities. 

Moreover, the PRC government has
recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight over securities offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in
China-based businesses, such as Wintus, and published a series of proposed rules for public comments in this regard, the enaction timetable,
final content, interpretation and implementation of which remains uncertain. Therefore, there are substantial uncertainties as to how
PRC governmental authorities will regulate overseas listing in general and whether we will be required to complete filing or obtain any
specific regulatory approvals from the CSRC, CAC or any other PRC governmental authorities for our future offshore offerings. If we had
inadvertently concluded that such approvals were not required, or if applicable laws, regulations or interpretations change in a way that
requires us to obtain such approval in the future, we may be unable to obtain such necessary approvals in a timely manner, or at all,
and such approvals may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could subject us to penalties, including fines, suspension
of business and revocation of required licenses, significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue to offer securities
to investors and cause the value of our Common Stock to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Item
 1b. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

None. 

19 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 

According
to Chinese laws and regulations regarding land usage rights, land in urban districts is owned by the State, while land in the rural areas
and suburban areas, except as otherwise provided for by the State, is collectively owned by individuals designated as resident farmers
by the State. Also, in accordance with the legal principle that land ownership is separate from the right to the use of the land, the
State assigns land usage rights to land users for a certain number of years in return for the payment of fees. The maximum term with
respect to the assigned land usage right is 50 years for industrial purposes and 40 years for commercial purposes. 

Because
the period of land usage is quite long, can be renewed, enables its users to transfer, lease, or mortgage the land usage right, or
use it for other economic activities, and the lawful rights and interests are protected by the laws of the State, in common
practice, we consider or refer to the right of land usage below for certain properties as an asset owned by the
company. None of our properties are encumbered by debt, and we are not aware of any environmental concerns or limitations on the use
of our properties for the purposes we currently use them or intend to use them in the future. Following is a list of our properties
as of June 30, 2023, all of which we leased or for which we had land use rights: 

Property
 Description 
 
 Address 
 
 Rental/ownership 
 Term 
 
 Space 

Office leased out to an unrelated
third party Beijing Shineco chongshi information
Consulting Co., Ltd serves as the lessor. 

Room B-3106, Jianwai SOHO,
 39 East Middle Third Ring Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing 
 
 Company owns the property
 right 
 
 280
 square 
 meters 

Office
 and WareHouse - Tianjin Tenet Huatai Technological Development 
 Co.,
 Ltd. 
 
 Room
 21-4 Huaming Road,dongle District,Tianjin 
 
 1
 years (December 11,2022- December 10, 2024) 
 
 1052
 square 
 meters 

Office Fuzhou Meida Health Management Co., Ltd. 
 
 Room 1209-1210, Shuitou Road,Jinan District, Fuzhou city 
 
 1 years (June 21,2023- June 20, 2024) 
 
 80 square meters 

Office
 Factory and WareHouse-Changzhou Biowin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 
 
 Room
 3-3,Jiazhou Technological port,Changzhou city 
 
 7.5
 years (December 1,2017- May 30, 2025) 
 
 2000
 square 
 meters 

Production
 facility-Yushe conunty Guanyuan Forest Development Co., Ltd 
 
 Changyin
 village,Yushe conunty Shanxi province 
 
 3
 years (May ,2021- April , 2024) 
 
 633327
 square 
 meters 

Production
 facility-Yushe conunty Guanyuan Forest Development Co., Ltd 
 
 Tan
 village,Yushe conunty Shanxi province 
 
 3
 years (April ,2021- March , 2024) 
 
 43333
 square 
 meters 

Production
 facility-Yushe conunty Guanyuan Forest Development Co., Ltd 
 
 Dongfangshan
 village,Yushe conunty Shanxi province 
 
 6
 years (November ,2021- June , 2028) 
 
 2666640
 square 
 meters 

Production
 facility-Yushe conunty Guanyuan Forest Development Co., Ltd 
 
 Dengyu
 village,Yushe conunty Shanxi province 
 
 3
 years (May ,2021- April , 2024) 
 
 45333
 square 
 meters 

Office Shineco,Inc (General office) ;Beijing
 Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. 
 
 Room 2302, T1, Jiazhaoye
 Square, Chaoyang District, Beijing 
 
 1 years (July 1,2023- June
 30, 2024) 
 
 273.30 square meter 

Office Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce
 Services Co., Ltd (General office);. 
 
 766-43 Wangsha Road, Chengyang
 District, Qingdao City 
 
 3
 years 
 (March
 1,2022- 
 February
 28, 2025) 
 
 234.16 square meters 

Office Yantai ZhishengFreight ForwardingCo.,
 Ltd.Qingdao Sub. 
 
 Haier Road, Laoshan District,
 Qingdao 
 
 5 years (May 1, 2023- May
 1, 2028) 
 
 1,075.5square 
 meters 

Factory Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural
 Produce Cooperative 
 
 Gaoling Village, Muping
 District, Yantai City 
 
 30
 years 
 (April
 27, 2011 - 
 April
 26, 2041) 
 
 13,333 square meters 

Production facility Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural
 Produce Services Co., Ltd., Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative (Agricultural use) 
 
 Mafang Town, Pinggu District,
 Beijing 
 
 18 years (August 31, 2012-
 August 31, 2030) 
 
 26,666
 square 
 meters 

Production facility Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural
 Produce Services Co., Ltd., Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative (Agricultural use) 
 
 South of Bridge, Jixiang
 Temple, Xiangnaixi Village, Cuigezhuang, Chaoyang District, Beijing 
 
 12 years (August 1, 2012-
 July 31, 2024) 
 
 73,333
 square 
 meters 

WareHouse YantaiZhisheng Freight ForwardingCo.,
 Ltd.Qingdao Sub. (Fright use) 
 
 Nanquan Town, Jimo City,
 Shandong provinece 
 
 3years (May1, 2023- April
 30, 2026) 
 
 10,000
 square 
 meters 

Zhisheng Freight took over the lease following the deregistration of Zhisheng Agricultural in 2017. 

20 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 

Other
than ordinary routine litigation (of which we are not currently involved), we know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings
against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation, and there are no proceedings in which
any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest
adverse to our company except as set forth below: 

On
May 16, 2017, Mrs. Guiqin Li (the Plaintiff commenced a lawsuit against the Company in the People s Court of Chongqing
Pilot Free Trade Zone of China. Plaintiff alleged that due to the misguidance given by the Company s securities trading department,
the Plaintiff did not manage to complete the sales of the Company s common stock on the day of the Company s initial public
offering in the United States. As the price of the Company s common stock continued falling after initial public offering, the
Plaintiff incurred losses and hence is seeking monetary damages against the Company. Based on the judgment of the initial trial, the
Company was required to pay the Plaintiff a settlement payment, including the monetary compensation, interests and other legal fees. 

In January 2023, the Company
entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release (the Agreement with the Plaintiff, pursuant to which the Company paid the
Plaintiff a total sum of US 700,645 (approximately RMB 4.8 million) as settlement payment, and upon acceptance of the settlement payment
from the Company, the Plaintiff waived, released, and forever discharged the Company from all past and future claims. As of June 30, 2023,
the Company has made the payments in full to the Plaintiff according to the Agreement. 

On
November 26, 2021, the Company filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County against Lei Zhang and
Yan Li, as defendants, and Transhare Corporation, as a nominal defendant, asserting that defendants had not paid for certain restricted
shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to stock purchase agreements they executed with the Company. In December, defendants
filed an answer and counterclaim against the Company, which they amended on January 27, 2022 after the Company moved to dismiss their
counterclaims. They brought claims for, among others, breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and
fraud, asserting that the Company made false and materially misleading statements, specifically regarding the sale of such shares to
Lei Zhang and Yan Li and the removal of their restrictive legends. Defendants are seeking money damages of at least 9 million, punitive
damages of 10 million, plus interest, costs, and fees. In April 2022, the Court granted the Company s motion for a preliminary
injunction to restrain the Company s transfer agent from removing the restrictive legends on the shares, provided that the Company
posts a bond, which the Company declined to do. On June 13, 2022, the restriction imposed on the shares were lifted. 

Nominal
defendant Transhare Corporation moved to dismiss the defendants counterclaim against it for wrongful refusal to remove restrictions
pursuant to 6 Del. C. 8-401, and its motion was fully submitted in April 2022. On September 9, 2022, the Court granted Transhare
Corporation s motion to dismiss defendants counterclaim for wrongful refusal to remove restrictions. Defendants have appealed
the Court s September 9, 2022 order dismissing defendants counterclaim for wrongful refusal to remove restrictions. On October
3, 2022 the parties submitted a stipulation dismissing defendants outstanding counterclaim against Transhare Corporation seeking
declaratory judgment. 

The Company remains engaged in litigation in Shineco, Inc. v. Lei Zhang,
et al. , Index No. 160669/2021 before the New York Supreme Court s Commercial Division. The note of issue date is November 15,
2023. The parties have not been able to reach a settlement. As of March 31, 2023, the
total unpaid shares issued to Lei Zhang and Yan Li by the Company was 982,500 shares, and the subscription receivable was
US 3,024,000 which was recorded on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 

The
information required by Item 4 is not applicable to us, as we have no mining operations in the United States. 

21 

Part
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

On
September 27, 2016, we completed an initial public offering of 1,713,190 shares of common stock at a 4.50 offering price. Our common
stock started trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol of TYHT on September 28, 2016, which later changed
to SISI, our current common stock trading symbol. Based on the records of our transfer agent, we had 47,645,642 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2023. 

Holders 

As
of September 28, 2023 there were 178 registered holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
anticipate that we will retain any earnings to support operations and to finance the growth and development of our business. Therefore,
we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made
at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors, including future earnings, capital requirements,
financial conditions and future prospects and other factors the Board of Directors may deem relevant. Furthermore, our ability to pay
dividends is limited by the Delaware General Corporation Law, which provides that a corporation may only pay dividends out of existing
 surplus, which is defined as the amount by which a corporation s net assets exceeds its stated capital. 

During
the current fiscal year and the two most recent completed fiscal years, we did not declare or pay any cash dividends on our shares of
common stock, and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. If we determine to pay dividends on any of our common
stock in the future, as a holding company, we will be dependent principally on receipt of funds from our operating subsidiaries. Current
PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Shineco only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in
accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside
at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered
capital. Each of such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare
fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory
reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings
of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. 

In
addition, pursuant to the EIT Law and its implementation rules, dividends generated after January 1, 2008 and distributed to us by our
PRC subsidiaries are subject to withholding tax at a rate of 10 unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties or arrangements
between the PRC central government and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC-resident enterprises are incorporated. 

Under
existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and trade
and service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval of SAFE, by complying with
certain procedural requirements. Specifically, under the existing exchange restrictions, without prior approval of SAFE, cash generated
from the operations in China may be used to pay dividends to our company. 

22 

Registrar
and Stock Transfer Agent 

Our
transfer agent is TranShare Cooperation, with an office address at Bayside Center 1, 17755 North US Highway 19, Suite # 140, Clearwater
FL 33764. Its telephone number is (303) 662-1112. 

Penny
Stock Regulations 

Our
shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act and various rules thereunder. In general terms, penny stock is defined as any equity security that has a market
price less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. The rules provide that any equity security is considered to be a penny
stock unless that security is registered and traded on a national securities exchange meeting specified criteria set by the SEC, issued
by a registered investment company, and excluded from the definition on the basis of price (at least 5.00 per share), or based on the
issuer s net tangible assets or revenues. In the last case, the issuer s net tangible assets must exceed 3,000,000 if in
continuous operation for at least three years or 5,000,000 if in operation for less than three years or the issuer s average revenues
for each of the past three years must exceed 6,000,000. 

Trading
in shares of penny stock is subject to additional sales practice requirements for broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other
than established customers and accredited investors. Accredited investors, in general, include individuals with assets in excess of 1,000,000
or annual income exceeding 200,000 (or 300,000 together with their spouse), and certain institutional investors. For transactions covered
by these rules, broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of the security and must have received
the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock,
the rules require the delivery, prior to the first transaction, of a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock. A broker-dealer
also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, and current quotations for the
security. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stocks. These rules may restrict
the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our common stock, to the extent it is penny stock, and may affect the
ability of shareholders to sell their shares. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of the fiscal ended June 30, 2023, the Company had adopted the following compensation plans: 

2022
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
July 21, 2022, our shareholders approved the adoption of the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan ), under which an aggregate of 1,500,000 of our shares of Common Stock or options to purchase shares of Common Stock may
be issued, and such number of shares of Common Stock shall be and is hereby reserved for such purpose. 

Administration. 

Authority
to administer and manage the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan shall be vested in the Board of the Company or by the compensation committee
set up for such purpose (the Committee ). The Committee shall consist of two or more directors who are (i) Independent
Directors (as such term is defined under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market) and (ii) Non-Employee Directors (as
such term is defined in Rule 16b-3), which shall serve at the pleasure of the Board. The Board or the Committee administering the 2022
Equity Incentive Plan (the Administrator shall have full power and authority to designate recipients of options and restricted
stock, and to determine the terms and conditions of the respective option and restricted stock agreements (which need not be identical)
and to interpret the provisions and supervise the administration of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 

23 

Eligibility. 

The
persons eligible for participation in the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan as recipients of options or restricted stock shall include directors,
officers and employees of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company or any subsidiary; provided that incentive options may only be
granted to employees of the Company and any subsidiary. 

Awards. 

A
maximum of 1,500,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share shall be subject to the 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan. The shares of Common Stock subject to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan shall consist of unissued shares, treasury shares or previously
issued shares held by any subsidiary of the Company, and such number of shares of Common Stock shall be and is hereby reserved for such
purpose. 

Options. 

The
purchase price of each share of Common Stock purchasable under an incentive option shall be determined by the Administrator at the time
of grant, but shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of such share of common stock on the date the option is granted. 

The
term of each option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no incentive option shall be exercisable more than ten years after the date
such option is granted and in the case of an incentive option granted to an optionee who, at the time such incentive option is granted,
owns (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the code) more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the
Company or of any subsidiary, no such incentive option shall be exercisable more than five years after the date such incentive option
is granted 

Change
of Control. 

Upon
the occurrence of a change in control, the Administrator may accelerate the vesting of outstanding restricted stock, in whole or in part,
as determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 

2023
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
June 28, 2023, our shareholders approved the adoption of the Company s 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Equity Incentive
Plan ), under which an aggregate of 4,000,000 of our shares of Common Stock or options to purchase shares of Common Stock may
be issued, and such number of shares of Common Stock shall be and is hereby reserved for such purpose. 

Administration. 

Authority
to administer and manage the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan shall be vested in the Board of the Company or by the compensation committee
set up for such purpose (the Committee ). The Committee shall consist of two or more directors who are (i) Independent
Directors (as such term is defined under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market) and (ii) Non-Employee Directors (as
such term is defined in Rule 16b-3), which shall serve at the pleasure of the Board. The Board or the Committee administering the 2023
Equity Incentive Plan (the Administrator shall have full power and authority to designate recipients of options and restricted
stock, and to determine the terms and conditions of the respective option and restricted stock agreements (which need not be identical)
and to interpret the provisions and supervise the administration of the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Eligibility. 

The
persons eligible for participation in the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan as recipients of options or restricted stock shall include directors,
officers and employees of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company or any subsidiary; provided that incentive options may only be
granted to employees of the Company and any subsidiary. 

24 

Awards. 

A
maximum of 4,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share shall be subject to the 2023 Equity Incentive
Plan. The shares of Common Stock subject to the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan shall consist of unissued shares, treasury shares or previously
issued shares held by any subsidiary of the Company, and such number of shares of Common Stock shall be and is hereby reserved for such
purpose. 

Options. 

The
purchase price of each share of Common Stock purchasable under an incentive option shall be determined by the Administrator at the time
of grant, but shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of such share of common stock on the date the option is granted. 

The
term of each option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no incentive option shall be exercisable more than ten years after the date
such option is granted and in the case of an incentive option granted to an optionee who, at the time such incentive option is granted,
owns (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the code) more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the
Company or of any subsidiary, no such incentive option shall be exercisable more than five years after the date such incentive option
is granted 

Change
of Control. 

Upon
the occurrence of a change in control, the Administrator may accelerate the vesting of outstanding restricted stock, in whole or in part,
as determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
January 27, 2021, the Company issued 364,445 shares of common stock to three investors at a price of US 3.0 per share. The Company received
net proceeds of US 1,093,355. 

On
April 10, 2021, the Company issued 3,872,194 shares of common stock to selected investors at a price of US 3.2 per share. The Company
received net proceeds of US 7,981,204 and US 3,024,000 was outstanding as of June 30, 2022. 

On
June 16, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company issued an unsecured
convertible promissory note with a maturity date of June 17, 2022, to an institutional accredited investor, Streeterville Capital,
LLC Investor ). The note has the original principal amount of US 3,170,000 and Investor gave consideration of US 3.0
million, reflecting original issue discount of US 150,000 and Investor s legal fee of US 20,000. Interest accrues on the
outstanding balance of the note at 6 per annum. The Company used the proceeds for general working capital purposes. The Company
received principal in full from the Investor. On September 7, 2022, the Company signed an extension amendment (the First June
Note Amendment with the Investor to extend the maturity date of this note to June 17, 2023, resulting in an increase of the
principal amount to 3,500,528.40. Thereafter, the Company signed a second extension amendment (the Second June Note
Amendment dated as June 15, 2023, with the Investor to extend the maturity date thereof to June 17, 2024, thereby increasing
the principal amount to 3,929,497.72. Copies of the First June Note Amendment and the Second June Note Amendment have been filed
with this report as Exhibits 4.5 and 4.7, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein. 

On
August 19, 2021, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company issued an unsecured
convertible promissory note with a maturity date of August 23, 2022, to the same Investor. The note has the original principal
amount of US 10,520,000.00 and Investor gave consideration of US 10 million, reflecting original issue discount of US 500,000 and
Investor s legal fee of US 20,000. Interest accrues on the outstanding balance of the note at 6 per annum. The Company used
the proceeds for general working capital purposes. On September 7, 2022, the Company signed an extension amendment (the First
August Note Amendment with the Investor to extend the maturity date of this note to August 23, 2023, thereby increasing the
principal amount to 11,053,443.50. Thereafter, the Company signed a second extension amendment (the Second August Note
Amendment dated as June 15, 2023, with the Investor to extend the maturity date to August 23, 2024, thereby increasing the
principal amount to 11,878,240.57. Copies of the First August Note Amendment and the Second August Note Amendment have been filed
with this report as Exhibits 4.4 and 4.6, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Company entered into a certain stock purchase agreement with certain non-U.S. investors, pursuant to which the Company
agreed to sell, and the investors agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 2,354,500 shares of common stock of
the Company at a price of 2.12 per share in exchange for gross proceeds of 4,991,540. 

On October 21, 2022, Shineco
Life entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Agreement with Beijing Kanghuayuan Medicine Information Consulting Co.,
Ltd., a company established under the laws of China Seller ), and Changzhou Biowin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a company established
under the laws of China Target ), pursuant to which Shineco Life acquired 51 of the issued equity interests of Target from
Seller. As consideration for the acquisition of the Target, the Company issued 3,260,000 shares of the Company s common stock to
the equity holders of Seller or any persons designated by Seller. 

The
above-mentioned issuances of securities of the Company deemed to be exempt under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof
as transactions not involving any public offering. In addition, certain issuances were deemed not to fall within Section 5 under the
Securities Act and to be further exempt under Rule 901 and 903 of Regulation S promulgated thereunder by virtue of being issuances of
securities by non-U.S. companies to non-U.S. citizens or residents, conducted outside the United States and not using any element of
interstate commerce. 

Repurchase
of Equity Securities 

Not
Applicable . 

25 

Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 

The
Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item because the Company is a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws. Forward-looking statements involve risks
and uncertainties, such as statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can
identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, 
 continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, 
 should, will, could, and similar expressions denoting uncertainty or an action that may, will
or is expected to occur in the future. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. 

Examples
of forward-looking statements include: 

the
 timing of the development of future products; 

projections
 of revenue, earnings, capital structure, and other financial items; 

local,
 regional, national, and global Luobuma price fluctuations; 

statements
 of our plans and objectives, including those that relate to our proposed expansions and the effect such expansions may have on our
 revenue; 

statements
 regarding the capabilities of our business operations; 

statements
 of expected future economic performance; 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 outbreak; 

statements
 regarding competition in our market; and 

assumptions
 underlying statements regarding us or our business. 

The
ultimate correctness of these forward-looking statements depends upon a number of known and unknown risks and events. Many factors could
cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Consequently, you should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

The
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation
to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which
any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
Nonetheless, we reserve the right to make such updates from time to time by press release, periodic report, or other method of public
disclosure without the need for specific reference to this Annual Report. No such update shall be deemed to indicate that other statements
not addressed by such update is incorrect or create an obligation to provide any other updates. 

The
information included in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read
in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes included in this Annual Report. All monetary figures are presented
in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise indicated. 

26 

General
Overview 

Shineco, Inc. is a holding company
incorporated in Delaware. Prior to the Acquisition and the termination of the VIE structure, as a holding company with no material operations
of our own, we conducted a substantial majority of our operations through the operating entities established in the People s Republic
of China, or the PRC, primarily the variable interest entities (the VIEs ). We did not have any equity ownership of the VIEs,
instead we received the economic benefits of the VIEs business operations through certain contractual arrangements. Our common
stock that currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Markets are shares of our Delaware holding company. The Chinese regulatory authorities
could disallow our structure, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of our securities could decline
or become worthless. 

We used our subsidiaries and
the VIEs vertically and horizontally integrated production, distribution, and sales channels to provide health and well-being focused
plant-based products. Our products were only sold domestically in China. We utilized modern engineering technologies and biotechnologies
to produce, among other products, Chinese herbal medicines, organic agricultural produce, and specialized textiles. Through our newly
acquired subsidiary, Changzhou Biowin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Biowin ), which is specializing in development, production
and distribution of innovative rapid diagnostic products and related medical devices for the most common diseases, we also stepped into
the Point-of-Care Testing industry. Also, following the acquisition of Dream Parter, which through its wholly owned subsidiary Wintus
is engaged in the production, processing, export and domestic trade of cocoon silk products in the whole industrial chain silk manufacturing,
we have entered into the silk industry. As of June 30, 2023, the Company, its subsidiaries, the VIEs and VIEs subsidiaries (collectively
the Group operated the following main business segments: 

Developing and distributing
specialized fabrics, textiles, and other byproducts derived from an indigenous Chinese plant Apocynum Venetum, grown in the Xinjiang region
of China, and known in Chinese as Luobuma or bluish dogbane - The Luobuma products were specialized
textile and health supplement products designed to incorporate traditional Eastern medicines with modern scientific methods. These products
were predicated on centuries-old traditions of Eastern herbal remedies derived from the Luobuma raw material. This segment was channeled
through our then directly-owned subsidiary, Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. Tenet-Jove ), and its
90 subsidiary Tianjin Tenet Huatai Technological Development Co., Ltd. Tenet Huatai ). 

Processing and distributing
green and organic agricultural produce as well as growing and cultivating yew trees (taxus media) - We cultivated and sold yew
mainly to group and corporate customers, but did not process yew into Chinese or Western medicines. This segment was conducted through
the VIEs: Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Ltd Qingdao Zhihesheng ). Meanwhile, we planted fast-growing
bamboo willows and scenic greening trees through Yushe County Guangyuan Forest Development Co., Ltd. Guangyuan ). The operations
of this segment were located in the North regions of Mainland China, mostly carried out in Shanxi Province. 

Providing domestic air
and overland freight forwarding services - We provided domestic air and overland freight forwarding services by outsourcing these
services to a third party. This segment was conducted through the VIE, Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd Zhisheng
Freight ). 

Developing, producing and
distributing innovative rapid diagnostic products and related medical devices for the most common diseases Rapid Diagnostic and
Other Products This segment is conducted through Biowin, which is specializing in development, production and
distribution of innovative rapid diagnostic products and related medical devices for the most common diseases. The operations of this
segment are located in Jiangsu Province. Its products are sold not only in China, but also overseas countries such as Germany, Spain,
Italy, Thailand, Japan and other countries. 

27 

On
June 8, 2021, Tenet-Jove entered into a Restructuring Agreement with various parties. Pursuant to the terms of the Restructuring Agreement,
(i) the Company transferred all of its rights and interests in Ankang Longevity to the Shareholders of Yushe County Guangyuan Forest
Development Co., Ltd. Guangyuan in exchange for the control of 100 of equity interests and assets in Guangyuan; (ii)
Tenet-Jove entered a Termination Agreement with Ankang Longevity Group and the Ankang Longevity Group Shareholders; (iii) as a consideration
to the Restructuring Agreement and based on a valuation report on the equity interests of Guangyuan issued by an independent third party,
Tenet-Jove relinquished all of its rights and interests in Ankang Longevity Group and transferred those rights and interests to the Guangyuan
Shareholders; and (iv) Guangyuan and the Guangyuan Shareholders entered into a series of variable interest entity agreements with Tenet-Jove.
After signing of the Restructuring Agreement, the Company and the shareholders of Ankang Longevity Group and Guangyuan actively carried
out the transferring of rights and interests in Ankang Longevity Group and Guangyuan, and the transferring was completed subsequently
on July 5, 2021. Afterwards, with the completion of all other follow-ups works, on August 16, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary
Tenet-Jove, completed the previously announced acquisition pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement dated June 8, 2021. The management
determined that July 5, 2021 was the disposal date of Ankang Longevity Group. 

On May 29, 2023, Life Science
HK entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Agreement with Dream Partner Limited, a BVI corporation Dream Partner ),
Chongqing Wintus Group, a corporation incorporated under the laws of mainland China Wintus and certain shareholders of
Dream Partner (the Sellers ), pursuant to which Shineco Life shall acquire 71.42 equity interest in Wintus (the Acquisition ).
On September 19, 2023, the Company closed the Acquisition. As the consideration for the Acquisition, the Company (a) paid the Sellers
an aggregate cash consideration of 2,000,000; (b) issued certain shareholders, as listed in the Agreement, an aggregate of 10,000,000
shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock; and (c) transferred and sold to the Sellers 100 of the Company s equity
interest in Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. Tenet-Jove ). Following the closing of the Acquisition
and the sale of the Tenet-Jove Shares, the Company divested its equity interest in its operating subsidiary Tenet-Jove and thereby terminated
its VIE Structure. 

The
assets and liabilities of the Tenet-Jove Disposal Group have been reclassified as assets of discontinued operations and
 liabilities of discontinued operations within current and non-current assets and liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated
balance sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. The results of operations of Ankang Longevity and Tenet-Jove Disposal Group have been reclassified
to net loss from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss for the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Financing
Activities 

On
June 16, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company issued an unsecured
convertible promissory note with a maturity date of June 17, 2022, to an institutional accredited investor, Streeterville Capital,
LLC Investor ). The note had an original principal amount of US 3,170,000 and Investor gave consideration of US 3.0
million, reflecting original issue discount of US 150,000 and Investor s legal fee of US 20,000. Interest accrues on the
outstanding balance of the note at 6 per annum. The Company has received the principal in full from the Investor and used the
proceeds for general working capital purposes. On September 7, 2022, the Company signed an extension amendment (the First
June Note Amendment with the Investor to extend the maturity date of this note to June 17, 2023, resulting in an increase of
the principal amount to 3,500,528.40. On October 21, 2022, the Company signed a standstill agreement with the Investor, pursuant to
which the Investor would not seek to the re-payment of any portion of the note during the period from October 21, 2022 to January
20, 2023. On or around January 20, 2023, the Investor re-started the repayment of the notes. On January 18, 2023, the Investor
re-started the redemption of the Notes. Thereafter, the Company signed a second extension amendment (the Second June Note
Amendment dated as June 15, 2023, with the Investor to extend the maturity date to June 17, 2024, thereby increasing the
principal amount to 3,929,497.72. As of June 30, 2023, no share of the Company s common stock under this agreement was issued
by the Company to the Investor, and the notes balance was US 3,787,749, with a carrying value of US 3,939,321, net of deferred
financing costs of US 151,572 was recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Copies of the First June Note Amendment
and the Second June Note Amendment have been filed with this report as Exhibits 4.5 and 4.7, respectively, and are incorporated by
reference herein. 

28 

On
July 16, 2021, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company issued
the Investor two unsecured convertible promissory notes each with a one-year maturity term. The first convertible promissory note had
an original principal amount of US 3,170,000 and the Investor gave consideration of US 3.0 million, reflecting original issue discount
of US 150,000 and Investor s legal fee of US 20,000. The second convertible promissory note has the original principal amount of
US 4,200,000 and Investor gave consideration of US 4.0 million, reflecting original issue discount of US 200,000. Interest accrues on
the outstanding balance of the Notes at 6 per annum. The Company has received the principal in full from the Investor and used the proceeds
for general working capital purposes. As of June 30, 2023, the Notes was fully converted and shares of the Company s common stock
totaling 1,946,766 were issued by the Company to the Investor equaling principal and interests amounted to US 7,472,638. 

On
August 19, 2021, the Company entered into another securities purchase agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Company
issued the Investor an unsecured convertible promissory note with a maturity date of August 23, 2022. The note has an original
principal amount of US 10,520,000 and Investor gave consideration of US 10.0 million, reflecting original issue discount of
US 500,000 and Investor s legal fee of US 20,000. Interest accrues on the outstanding balance of the note at 6 per annum. The
Company has received the principal in full from the Investor and used the proceeds for general working capital purposes. On
September 7, 2022, the Company signed an extension amendment (the First August Note Amendment with the Investor to
extend the maturity date to August 23, 2023, thereby increasing the principal amount to 11,053,443.50. On October 21, 2022, the
Company signed a standstill agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor will not seek to repayment of any portion of
the Note during the period from October 21, 2022 to January 20, 2023. Thereafter, the Company signed a second extension amendment
(the Second August Note Amendment dated as June 15, 2023, with the Investor to extend the maturity date to August 23,
2024, thereby increasing the principal amount to 11,878,240.57.. As of June 30, 2023, shares of the Company s common stock
totaling 1,126,554 were issued by the Company to the Investor equaling principal and interests amounted to US 920,001, and the notes
balance was US 11,338,449, with a carrying value of US 11,904,322, net of deferred financing costs of US 565,873 was recorded in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Copies of the First August Note Amendment and the Second August Note Amendment have been
filed with this report as Exhibits 4.4 and 4.6, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein. 

On
August 11, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain non-US
investors (the Investors ). Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company will sell to the Investors, up to 1,921,683 shares
(the Shares of its common stock at a per share purchase price of 0.915 (subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase
Agreement) for gross proceeds of up to US 1,758,340, which was fully received as the date of this report. 

On
January 12, 2023, the Board of the Company approved the sales of 722,222 shares of the Company s common stock to certain individuals
for gross proceeds of up to US 650,000, and the proceeds are expected to be fully collected by December 31, 2023. 

On
June 19, 2023, the Company entered into a certain securities purchase agreement (the SPA with a non-U.S. investor (the
 Buyer ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 1,137,170
shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at a price of 1.05 per share. The transaction contemplated by the SPA
was approved by the Company s board of directors at a board meeting on March 14, 2023. The Company has received gross proceeds
of 1.2 million from the Purchasers and all of the Shares were issued on June 22, 2023. 

On
June 21, 2023, the Company entered into a certain stock purchase agreement (the Agreements with certain non-U.S. investors
(the Investors ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Investors agreed to purchase, severally and not
jointly, an aggregate of up to 4,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at a price of 0.5 per share.
The transaction contemplated by the Agreement was approved by the Company s board of directors at a board meeting on June 8, 2023.
The Company has received gross proceeds of 2.0 million from the Investors and all of the Shares were issued on June 22, 2023. 

29 

Factors
Affecting Financial Performance 

We
believe that the following factors will affect our financial performance: 

Increasing
demand for our products We believe that the increasing demand for our products will have a positive impact
on our financial position. We plan to develop new products and expand our distribution network as well as to grow our business through
possible mergers and acquisitions of similar or synergetic businesses, all aimed at increasing awareness of our brand, developing customer
loyalty, meeting customer demands in various markets and providing solid foundations for our growth. As of the date of this Annual Report,
however, we do not have any agreements, undertakings or understandings to acquire any such entities and there can be no guarantee that
we ever will. 

Maintaining
effective control of our costs and expenses Successful cost control depends upon our ability to obtain and maintain adequate
material supplies as required by our operations at competitive prices. We will focus on improving our long-term cost control strategies
including establishing long-term alliances with certain suppliers to ensure adequate supply is maintained. We will carry forward the
economies of scale and advantages from our nationwide distribution network and diversified offerings. 

Economic
and Political Risks 

Our
operations are conducted primarily in the PRC and subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with
companies operating in North America and/or Western Europe. These include risks with, among others, the political, economic and legal
environment and foreign currency exchange. Our results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in
the PRC, and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversions,
remittances abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

COVID-19
Impact 

The
COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in the implementation of significant governmental measures, including lockdowns, closures, quarantines,
and travel bans, intended to control the spread of the virus. In accordance with the epidemic control measures imposed by the local governments
related to COVID-19, our offices and retail stores remained closed or had limited business operations after the Chinese New Year holiday
until early April 2020. In addition, COVID-19 had caused severe disruptions in transportation, limited access to our facilities and limited
support from workforce employed in our operations, and as a result, we experienced delays or the inability to delivery our products to
customers on a timely basis. Further, some of our customers or suppliers experienced financial distress, delayed or defaults on payment,
sharp diminishing of business, or suffer disruptions in their business due to the outbreak. Any decreased collectability of accounts
receivable, delayed raw materials supply, bankruptcy of small and medium businesses, or early termination of agreements due to deterioration
in economic conditions could negatively impact our results of operations. Wider-spread COVID-19 in China and globally could prolong the
deterioration in economic conditions and could cause decreases in or delays in spending and reduce and/or negatively impact our short-term
ability to grow our revenue. 

Due
to the resurgence of COVID-19 cases in China, our headquarters in Beijing were closed down on April 25, 2022 and only resumed our business
in mid-June 2022. Meanwhile, the business of our subsidiaries and VIEs was also negatively affected during this period, including but
not limited to the execution of our sales contracts and fulfillment of customer orders and the collection of the payments from customers
in a timely manner. The resurgence of COVID-19 impact on our operating results and financial performance seems to be temporary, we will
continue to monitor and modify the operating strategies in response to the COVID-19. In early December 2022, China announced a nationwide
loosening of its zero-covid policy, and the country faced a wave in infections after the lifting of these restrictions. Although the
spread of the COVID-19 was slowed down and appears to be successfully under control currently, the extent of the future impact of COVID-19
is still highly uncertain and cannot be predicted as of the date our consolidated financial statements are released. 

30 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP requires
the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. Critical accounting policies are those accounting policies that may be material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment
necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and that have a material impact on
financial condition or operating performance. While we base our estimates and judgments on our experience and on various other factors
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements
require significant judgments and estimates. For additional information relating to these and other accounting policies, see Note 3 to
our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 

Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities 

VIEs
are generally entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties
or whose equity holders lack adequate decision-making ability. All VIEs and their subsidiaries with which the Company is involved must
be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate
the VIE for financial reporting purposes. 

There
are no consolidated assets of the VIEs and the VIEs subsidiaries that are collateral for the obligations of the VIEs and the VIEs 
subsidiaries and can only be used to settle the obligations of the VIEs and the VIEs subsidiaries. 

As
the VIEs are incorporated as limited liability companies under the PRC Company Law, creditors or beneficial interest holders of the VIEs
do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company for any of the liabilities of the VIEs in normal course of business. 

There
are no terms in any arrangements, considering both explicit arrangements and implicit variable interests that require the Company or
its subsidiaries to provide financial support to the VIEs and the VIEs subsidiaries. 

Use
of Estimates 

Significant
estimates required to be made by management include, but are not limited to, useful lives of property and equipment, and intangible assets,
the recoverability of long-lived assets and the valuation of accounts receivable, advances to suppliers, deferred taxes and inventory
reserves. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounts
Receivable, Net 

Accounts
receivable are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible accounts, as necessary.
We review the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and makes general and specific allowances when there is doubt as to the collectability
of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability of individual receivable balances, we consider many factors, including the age
of the balance, the customers historical payment history, their current credit-worthiness and current economic trends. The fair
value of long-term receivables is determined using a present value technique by discounting the future expected contractual cash flows
using current rates at which similar instruments would be issued at the measurement date. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the allowance
for doubtful accounts from the continuing operations was US 946,892 and US nil, respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the allowance
for doubtful accounts from the discontinued operations was US 7,206,958 and US 7,317,236, respectively. Accounts are written off against
the allowance after efforts at collection prove unsuccessful. 

31 

Inventories,
Net 

Inventories,
which are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, consist of raw materials, work-in-progress, and finished goods related
to our products. Cost is determined using the first in first out method. Agricultural products that we farm are recorded at cost, which
includes direct costs such as seed selection, fertilizer, labor cost, and contract fees that are spent in growing agricultural products
on the leased farmland, and indirect costs such as amortization of prepayments of farmland leases and farmland development costs. All
the costs are accumulated until the time of harvest and then allocated to the harvested crops costs when they are sold. We periodically
evaluate our inventory and records an inventory reserve for certain inventories that may not be saleable or whose cost exceeds net realizable
value. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the inventory reserve from the continuing operations was US 56,655 and US nil, respectively. As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the inventory reserve from the discontinued operations was US 1,106,649 and US 1,249,543, respectively. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
generate our revenues primarily through sales of Luobuma products, agricultural products and rapid diagnostic and other products, as
well as providing logistic services and other processing services to external customers in accordance with ASC 606. ASC 606
establishes principles for reporting information about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
from the entity s contracts to provide goods or services to customers. The core principle requires an entity to recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that it expects to be
entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services recognized as performance obligations are satisfied. 

With
the adoption of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, revenue is recognized when all of the following five steps
are met: (i) identify the contract(s) with the customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the
transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; (v) recognize revenue when (or as) each performance
obligation is satisfied. The Company adopted the new revenue standard beginning July 1, 2018, and adopted a modified retrospective approach
upon adoption. The Company has assessed the impact of the guidance by reviewing its existing customer contracts to identify differences
that will result from applying the new requirements, including the evaluation of its performance obligations, transaction price, customer
payments, transfer of control, and principal versus agent considerations. In accordance with ASC 606, the Company evaluates whether it
is appropriate to record the gross amount of product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. When the Company
is a principal, that the Company obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customers, the
revenues should be recognized in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for the specified goods
or services transferred. When the Company is an agent and Its obligation is to facilitate third parties in fulfilling their performance
obligation for specified goods or services, the revenues should be recognized in the net amount for the amount of commission which the
Company earns in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by other parties. Based on the assessment,
the Company concluded that there was no change to the timing and pattern of revenue recognition for its current revenue streams in scope
of Topic 606 and therefore there was no material changes to the Company s consolidated financial statements upon adoption of ASC
606. 

More
specifically, revenue related to our products and services is generally recognized as follows: 

Sales
of products: We recognized revenue from the sale of products when the goods were delivered and title to the goods passed to the customer
provided that there were no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; persuasive evidence of an arrangement existed; the sales price
was fixed or determinable; and collectability was deemed probable. 

Revenue
from provision of services: The Company merely acts as an agent in this type of services transactions. Revenue from domestic air and
overland freight forwarding services was recognized upon the performance of services as stipulated in the underlying contract or when
commodities were being released from the customer s warehouse; the service price was fixed or determinable; and collectability
was deemed probable. 

32 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

We
follow the provisions of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value,
prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value
as follows: 

Level
1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs, other than quoted prices in level, that are observable for the asset or
liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities
in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant
inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level
3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement
of the fair value of the asset or liability. 

The
carrying value of financial instruments included in current assets and liabilities approximate their fair values because of the short-term
nature of these instruments. 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Overview 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 
 Variance 

2023 
 2022 
 Amount 

Revenue 
 550,476 
 - 
 550,476 
 100.00 
 
 Cost
 of revenue 
 424,291 
 - 
 424,291 
 100.00 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 126,185 
 - 
 126,185 
 100.00 
 
 General
 and administrative expenses 
 8,610,592 
 6,199,522 
 2,411,070 
 38.89 
 
 Selling
 expenses 
 137,387 
 - 
 137,387 
 100.00 
 
 Research
 and development expenses 
 135,849 
 - 
 135,849 
 100.00 
 
 Loss
 from operations 
 (8,757,643 
 (6,199,522 
 (2,558,121 
 41.26 
 
 Impairment
 loss on an unconsolidated entity 
 (596,570 
 - 
 (596,570 
 100.00 
 
 Loss
 from equity method investments 
 (20,876 
 (132,554 
 111,678 
 (84.25 
 
 Other
 income, net 
 181,471 
 - 
 181,471 
 100.00 
 
 Amortization
 of debt issuance and other costs 
 (803,355 
 (1,379,777 
 576,422 
 (41.78 
 
 Interest
 income (expenses), net 
 (908,759 
 118,795 
 (1,027,554 
 (864.98 
 
 Loss
 before income tax benefit from continuing operations 
 (10,905,732 
 (7,593,058 
 (3,312,674 
 43.63 
 
 Benefit
 for income taxes 
 (194,564 
 - 
 (194,564 
 100.00 
 
 Net
 loss from continuing operations 
 (10,711,168 
 (7,593,058 
 (3,118,110 
 41.07 
 
 Net
 loss from discontinued operations 
 (3,244,863 
 (19,474,081 
 16,229,218 
 (83.34 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (13,956,031 
 (27,067,139 
 13,111,108 
 (48.44 
 
 Comprehensive
 loss attributable to Shineco Inc. 
 (16,255,024 
 (28,402,045 
 12,147,021 
 (42.77 

33 

Revenue 

For the year ended June 30, 2023,
we, through our PRC subsidiaries, had one major business segment from continuing operations by developing, producing and
distributing innovative rapid diagnostic and other products and related medical devices for the most common diseases; this segment
is conducted through Biowin. For the other three business segments, first, developing, manufacturing, and distributing specialized
fabrics, textiles, and other by-products derived from an indigenous Chinese plant Apocynum Venetum, known in Chinese as
 Luobuma or Bluish Dogbane, as well as Luoboma raw materials processing; this segment is conducted
through our wholly owned subsidiary, Tenet-Jove. Second, planting, processing and distributing green and organic agricultural
produce, growing and cultivation of yew trees, as well as planting fast-growing bamboo willows and scenic greening trees; this
segment is conducted through Qingdao Zhihesheng and Guangyuan. Third, providing domestic air and overland freight forwarding
services by outsourcing these services to a third party; this segment is conducted through Zhisheng Freight. These three business
segments were conducted by the Tenet-Jove Disposal Group, which we have reclassified them as discontinued operations. 

The
following table sets forth the breakdown of our revenue for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 
 Variance 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 Amount 

Rapid
 diagnostic and other products 
 550,476 
 100.00 
 - 
 - 
 550,476 
 100.00 
 
 Total
 Amount 
 550,476 
 100.00 
 - 
 - 
 550,476 
 100.00 

For
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, revenue from sales of rapid diagnostic and other products was US 550,476 and US nil,
respectively, representing an increase of US 550,476, or 100.00 . The increase was mainly due to revenue generated by our newly
acquired subsidiary Biowin during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Cost
of Revenue and Related Tax 

The
following table sets forth the breakdown of the cost of revenue for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 
 Variance 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 Amount 

Rapid
 diagnostic and other products 
 421,273 
 99.29 
 - 
 - 
 421,273 
 100.00 
 
 Business
 and sales related tax 
 3,018 
 0.71 
 - 
 - 
 3,018 
 100.00 
 
 Total
 Amount 
 424,291 
 100.00 
 - 
 - 
 424,291 
 100.00 

For
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, cost of revenue from sales of rapid diagnostic and other products was US 421,273 and US 
nil, respectively, representing an increase of US 421,273, or 100.00 . The increase was mainly due to cost of revenue generated by
our newly acquired subsidiary Biowin during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Gross
Profit 

The
following table sets forth the breakdown of the gross profit for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 
 Variance 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 Amount 

Rapid
 diagnostic and other products 
 126,185 
 100.00 
 - 
 - 
 126,185 
 100.00 
 
 Total
 Amount 
 126,185 
 100.00 
 - 
 - 
 126,185 
 100.00 

Gross
profit from sales of rapid diagnostic and other products increased by US 126,185, or 100.00 , for the year ended June 30, 2023 as
compared to the same period in 2022. The increase was mainly due to gross profit contributed by our newly acquired subsidiary Biowin
during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

34 

Expenses 

The
following table sets forth the breakdown of our operating expenses for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 
 Variance 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 Amount 

General
 and administrative expenses 
 8,610,592 
 96.92 
 6,199,522 
 100.00 
 2,411,070 
 38.89 
 
 Selling
 expenses 
 137,387 
 1.55 
 - 
 - 
 137,387 
 100.00 
 
 Research
 and development expenses 
 135,849 
 1.53 
 - 
 - 
 135,849 
 100.00 
 
 Total
 Amount 
 8,883,828 
 100.00 
 6,199,522 
 100.00 
 2,684,306 
 43.30 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, our general and administrative expenses were US 8,610,592, representing an increase of US 2,411,070, or
38.89 , as compared to the same period in 2022. The increase was mainly due to an increase in bad debt expense during the year ended
June 30, 2023, as we recorded increased amount of bad debt expense as a result of the impact from COVID-19. We recorded allowance according
to our accounting policy based on our best estimates. Management will continue putting effort in collection of overdue receivables. The
increase was also due to increased stock compensation expenses as well as the general and administrative expenses incurred by our newly
acquired subsidiary Biowin during the year ended June 30, 2023. The increase was partially offset by the decreased professional service
fees in relation to the Company s issuance of common stock and convertible notes. 

Selling
Expenses 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, our selling expenses were US 137,387, representing an increase of US 137,387, or 100.00 , as compared to
the same period in 2022. The increase was mainly due to selling expenses incurred by our newly acquired subsidiary Biowin during the
year ended June 30, 2023. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, our research and development expenses were US 135,849, representing an increase of US 135,849, or 100.00 ,
as compared to the same period in 2022. The increase was mainly due to research and development expenses incurred by our newly acquired
subsidiary Biowin during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Impairment
Loss on An Unconsolidated Entity 

On
August 31, 2021, we entered into a capital injection agreement with the other shareholders of Shanghai Gaojing Private Fund Management Gaojing Private Fund ), a Chinese private fund management company, to complete the injection of a total RMB 4.8 million
(approximately US 0.70 million) for its 32 equity interest in Gaojing Private Fund. The management performed evaluation on the impairment
of this investment and considered it s unlikely to obtain any investment income in the future, hence, the management fully recorded
impairment loss on this investment, and an impairment loss on an unconsolidated entity of US 596,570 was recorded for the year ended
June 30, 2023. 

Loss
from Equity Method Investments 

We
recorded a loss of US 20,932 and US 132,554 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 from the investment in Gaojing Private Fund, respectively.
The decrease in net loss was primarily due to lower net loss generated by the equity investment company in the current period. 

35 

Other
Income 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, our net other income was US 181,471, representing an increase of US 181,471, or 100.00 , as compared to
net other income of US nil in the same period in 2022. The increase was mainly due to other income contributed by our newly acquired
subsidiary Biowin, as it recognized other income on advance received from customers that were no longer required to be repaid or settled
by the Company during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Amortization
of Debt Issuance and Other Costs 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, our amortization of debt issuance and other costs expenses was US 803,355, representing a decrease of
US 576,422, or 41.78 , as compared to amortization of debt issuance and other costs expenses of US 1,379,777, in the same period in
2022. We entered into four convertible note agreements and two of them were fully converted, hence, resulted in a decrease in
amortization of debt issuance and other costs expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the same period last
year. 

Interest
Income (Expenses), Net 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, our net interest expenses were US 908,759, representing an increase of US 1,027,554, or 864.98 , as compared
to net interest income of US 118,795 in the same period in 2022. The increase in net interest expenses was mainly due to less interest
income generated from loans to third parties during the year ended June 30, 2023 as some of the loans have been fully collected. 

Benefit
for Income Taxes 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, our benefit for income taxes was US 194,564, representing an increase of US 194,564, or 100.00 , as compared
to benefit for income taxes of US nil in the same period in 2022. The benefit for income taxes was mainly due to the reversal of deferred
tax liabilities as a result of the amortization of intangible assets, which are trademarks and patents, as well as the sales of inventories
that was revalued upon the acquisition of Biowin. 

Net
Loss from Continuing Operations 

Our
net loss from continuing operations was US 10,711,168 for the year ended June 30, 2023, an increase of US 3,118,110, or 41.07 , from
net loss from continuing operations of US 7,593,058 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in net loss was primarily a result
of the increase in general and administrative expenses, and interest expenses. 

Net
Loss from Discontinued Operations 

As
mentioned above, after signing of the Restructuring Agreement on June 8, 2021, we and the shareholders of Ankang Longevity Group and
Guangyuan actively carried out the transferring of rights and interests in Ankang Longevity Group and Guangyuan, and the transferring
was completed subsequently on July 5, 2021, and the management determined that July 5, 2021 was the disposal date of Ankang Longevity
Group. Meanwhile, due to the acquisition of Wintus mentioned above, the Company s Luobuma, Agricultural Products and Freight Services
business segments, that are operated by the Tenet-Jove Disposal Group, are reclassified as discontinued operations on the Company consolidated
financial statements. We had a total net loss from discontinued operations of US 3,244,863 and US 19,474,081 for the year ended June
30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

36 

The
summarized operating results of our discontinued operations included in our consolidated statement of loss and comprehensive loss is
as follows: 

For
 the Years Ended 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 
 2,491,939 
 2,186,460 
 
 Cost
 of revenues 
 3,045,436 
 3,797,123 
 
 Gross
 loss 
 (553,497 
 (1,610,663 
 
 Operating
 expenses 
 2,551,729 
 15,201,028 
 
 Other
 income (expenses), net 
 (139,637 
 (521,261 
 
 Loss
 before income tax 
 (3,244,863 
 (17,332,952 
 
 Provision
 for income tax benefit 
 - 
 (292,266 
 
 Net
 loss from discontinued operations 
 (3,244,863 
 (17,040,686 
 
 Loss
 on disposal of discontinued operations 
 - 
 (2,433,395 
 
 Total
 net loss from discontinued operations 
 (3,244,863 
 (19,474,081 

Net
Loss 

Our
net loss was US 13,956,031 for the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of US 13,111,108, or 48.44 , from a net loss of US 27,067,139
for the same period in 2022. The decrease in net loss was primarily a result of the decreased net loss from discontinued operations,
partially offset by the increased net loss from continuing operations mentioned above. 

Comprehensive
Loss 

The
comprehensive loss was US 16,867,314 for the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of US 11,532,761 from a comprehensive loss of US 28,400,075
for the same period in 2022. After deduction of non-controlling interest, the comprehensive loss attributable to us was US 16,255,024
for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to a comprehensive loss attributable to us in the amount of US 28,402,045 for the year ended
June 30, 2022. The decrease of comprehensive loss was due to the decreased net loss as mentioned above, which was partially offset by
the increase in the recorded loss of foreign currency translation where the financial statements denominated in RMB were translated to
the USD denomination. 

Treasury
Policies 

We
have established treasury policies with the objectives of achieving effective control of treasury operations and of lowering cost of
funds. Therefore, funding for all operations and foreign exchange exposure have been centrally reviewed and monitored from the top level.
To manage our exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates and interest rates on specific transactions and foreign currency borrowings,
currency structured instruments and other appropriate financial instruments will be used to hedge material exposure, if any. 

Our
policy precludes us from entering into any derivative contracts purely for speculative activities. Through our treasury policies, we
aim to: 

(a)
Minimize interest risk 

This
is accomplished by loan re-financing and negotiation. We will continue to closely monitor the total loan portfolio and compare the loan
margin spread under our existing agreements against the current borrowing interest rates under different currencies and new offers from
banks. 

(b)
Minimize currency risk 

In
view of the current volatile currency market, we will closely monitor the foreign currency borrowings at the company level. As of June
30, 2023 and 2022, except the above-mentioned convertible note, we did not engage in any foreign currency borrowings or loan contracts. 

37 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
currently finance our business operations primarily through advances from our related parties, short-term loans, convertible notes and
the sale of our common stock. Our current cash primarily consists of cash on hand and cash in bank, which is unrestricted as to withdrawal
and use and is deposited with banks in China. 

On
April 10, 2021, we issued 3,872,194 shares of common stock to selected investors at a price of US 3.2 per share. We received net proceeds
of US 7,981,204 and US 3,024,000 was outstanding as of June 30, 2023. 

On
June 16, 2021, we entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which we issued an unsecured convertible promissory note
with a maturity date of June 17, 2022, to an institutional accredited investor Streeterville Capital, LLC Investor ).
The convertible promissory note has the original principal amount of US 3,170,000 and Investor gave consideration of US 3.0 million,
reflecting original issue discount of US 150,000 and Investor s legal fee of US 20,000. We received principal in full from the
Investor. On September 7, 2022, the Company signed an extension amendment (the First June Note Amendment with the
Investor to extend the maturity date of this note to June 17, 2023, resulting in an increase the principal amount to 3,500,528.40.
On October 21, 2022, the Company signed a standstill agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor would not seek to
repayment of any portion of the note during the period from October 21, 2022 to January 20, 2023. On or around January 20, 2023, the
Investor re-started the repayment of the notes. Thereafter, the Company signed a second extension amendment (the Second June
Note Amendment dated as June 15, 2023, with the Investor to extend the maturity date to June 17, 2024, thereby increasing
the principal amount to 3,929,497.72. Copies of the First June Note Amendment and the Second June Note Amendment have been filed
with this report as Exhibits 4.5 and 4.7, respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein. 

On
July 16, 2021, we entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which we issued two unsecured convertible promissory notes
with a one-year maturity term to the same investor. The first convertible promissory note has an original principal amount of US 3,170,000
and the Investor gave consideration of US 3.0 million, reflecting original issue discount of US 150,000 and Investor s legal fee
of US 20,000. The second convertible promissory note has an original principal amount of US 4,200,000 and the Investor gave consideration
of US 4.0 million, reflecting original issue discount of US 200,000. 

On
August 19, 2021, we entered into a securities purchase agreement pursuant to which we issued an unsecured convertible promissory
note with a maturity date of August 23, 2022, to the same investor. The Note has the original principal amount of US 10,520,000 and
Investor gave consideration of US 10.0 million, reflecting original issue discount of US 500,000 and Investor s legal fee of
US 20,000. We received principal in full from the Investor and we anticipate using the proceeds for general working capital
purposes. On September 7, 2022, the Company signed an extension amendment (the First August Note Amendment with the
Investor to extend the maturity date to August 23, 2023, thereby increasing the principal amount to 11,053,443.50. On October 21,
2022, the Company signed a standstill agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor will not seek to repayment of any
portion of the note during the period from October 21, 2022 to January 20, 2023. Thereafter, the Company signed a second extension amendment
(the Second August Note Amendment dated as June 15, 2023, with the Investor to extend the maturity date to August 23,
2024, thereby increasing the principal amount to 11,878,240.57. Copies
of the First August Note Amendment and the Second August Note Amendment have been filed with this report as Exhibits 4.4 and 4.6,
respectively, and are incorporated by reference herein. 

For
the above-mentioned convertible promissory notes issued, as of June 30, 2023, shares of the Company s common stock totaling 3,073,320
were issued by the Company to the Investor equaling principal and interests amounted to US 8,392,639, and the Notes balance held for
continuing operations was US 15,126,198, with a carrying value of US 15,843,643, net of deferred financing costs of US 717,445. 

On
December 6, 2021, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with GHS Investments, LLC GHS ). Under the Purchase Agreement,
we sold GHS 291,775 shares of its common stock at a per share purchase price of 6.8546 for gross proceeds of 2,000,000. After the deduction
of issuance cost, we received net proceeds of US 1,970,000. 

On
April 11, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Jing Wang (the Investor ).
Under the Purchase Agreement, we will sell to the Investor, up to 973,451 shares (the Shares of its common stock at a
per share purchase price of 2.26 (subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement) for gross proceeds of up to 2,200,000
which were fully received, and the Shares were issued to the Investor on April 18, 2022. 

38 

On
June 13, 2022, we entered into a certain stock purchase agreement (the SPA with certain non-U.S. investors (the Purchasers ),
pursuant to which we agreed to sell, and the Purchasers agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 2,354,500 shares
of common stock of the Company (the Shares at a price of US 2.12 per share. our shareholders approved the offer and sale
of the Shares at a meeting of the shareholders of the Company that was held on July 21, 2022. The closing for the offer and sale of the
Shares occurred on July 26, 2022 and we issued the Shares in exchange for gross proceeds of 5.0 million. 

On
August 11, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain non-US
investors (the Investors ). Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company will sell to the Investors, up to 1,921,683 shares
(the Shares of its common stock at a per share purchase price of 0.915 (subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase
Agreement) for gross proceeds of up to US 1,758,340. As of June 30, 2023, the subscription receivable was amounted to US 108,362 which
was recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. As the date of this report, the proceeds were fully collected. 

On
January 12, 2023, the Board of the Company approved the sales of 722,222 shares of the Company s common stock to certain individuals
for gross proceeds of up to US 650,000, the balance of the proceeds is expected to be fully collected by December 31, 2023. 

On
June 19, 2023, the Company entered into a certain securities purchase agreement (the SPA with a non-U.S. investor (the
 Buyer ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 1,137,170
shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at a price of 1.05 per share. The transaction contemplated by the SPA
was approved by the Company s board of directors at a board meeting on March 14, 2023. The Company has received gross proceeds
of 1.2 million from the Purchasers and all of the Shares were issued on June 22, 2023. 

On
June 21, 2023, the Company entered into a certain stock purchase agreement (the Agreements with certain non-U.S. investors
(the Investors ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Investors agreed to purchase, severally and not
jointly, an aggregate of up to 4,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at a price of 0.5 per share.
The transaction contemplated by the Agreement was approved by the Company s board of directors at a board meeting on June 8, 2023.
The Company has received gross proceeds of 2.0 million from the Investors and all of the Shares were issued on June 22, 2023. 

Management
believes that our current cash, cash flows from future operations, and access to loans will be sufficient to meet our working capital
needs for at least the next 12 months. We intend to continue to carefully execute our growth plans and manage market risk. If we fail
to satisfy Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price
requirement, The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Any continuing failure to
remain in compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing standards, and any subsequent failure to timely resume compliance with Nasdaq s
continued listing standards within the applicable cure period could have adverse consequences, and among other things, substantially
impair our ability to raise additional funds and could result in a loss of institutional investor interest and fewer development opportunities
for us. 

Working
Capital 

The
following table provides the information about our working capital at June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

June
30, 
2023 
 June
 30, 2022 

Current
 Assets 
 40,923,743 
 59,735,425 
 
 Current
 Liabilities 
 23,346,151 
 29,040,302 
 
 Working
 Capital 
 17,577,592 
 30,695,123 

The
working capital decreased by US 13,117,531, or 42.7 , as of June 30, 2023 from June 30, 2022, primarily as a result of decreases in other
current assets, partially offset by a decrease in other payables and accrued expenses. 

39 

Capital
Commitments and Contingencies 

Capital
commitments refer to the allocation of funds for the possible purchase in the near future for fixed assets or investment. Contingency
refers to a condition that arises from past transactions or events, the outcome of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence or
non-occurrence of uncertain futures events. 

On
May 16, 2017, Mrs. Guiqin Li (the Plaintiff commenced a lawsuit against us in the People s Court of Chongqing Pilot
Free Trade Zone of China. Plaintiff alleged that due to the misguidance given by our security trading department, the Plaintiff did not
manage to complete the sales of our common stock on the day of our initial public offering in the United States. As the price of our
common stock continued falling after the initial public offering, the Plaintiff incurred losses and hence seek money damages against
us. Based on the judgment of the first trial, we were required to pay the Plaintiff a settlement payment, including the money compensation,
interests and other legal fees. In January 2023, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release (the Agreement with the Plaintiff, pursuant to which the Company paid the Plaintiff a total sum of US 700,645 (approximately RMB 4.8 million) as settlement
payment, and upon acceptance of the settlement payment from the Company, the Plaintiff waived, released, and forever discharged the Company
from all past and future claims. As of June 30, 2023, the Company has made the payments in full to the Plaintiff according to the Agreement. 

On November 26, 2021, the Company filed a complaint in the Supreme Court
of the State of New York, New York County against Lei Zhang and Yan Li, as defendants, and Transhare Corporation, as a nominal defendant,
asserting that defendants had not paid for certain restricted shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to stock purchase agreements
they executed with the Company. In December, defendants filed an answer and counterclaim against the Company, which they amended on January
27, 2022 after the Company moved to dismiss their counterclaims. They brought claims for, among others, breach of contract, breach of
the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and fraud, asserting that the Company made false and materially misleading statements, specifically
regarding the sale of such shares to Lei Zhang and Yan Li and the removal of their restrictive legends. Defendants are seeking money damages
of at least 9 million, punitive damages of 10 million, plus interest, costs, and fees. In April 2022, the Court granted the Company s
motion for a preliminary injunction to restrain the Company s transfer agent from removing the restrictive legends on the shares,
provided that the Company posts a bond, which the Company declined to do. On June 13, 2022, the restriction imposed on the shares were
lifted. 

Nominal defendant Transhare Corporation moved to dismiss the defendants 
counterclaim against it for wrongful refusal to remove restrictions pursuant to 6 Del. C. 8-401, and its motion was fully submitted
in April 2022. On September 9, 2022, the Court granted Transhare Corporation s motion to dismiss defendants counterclaim
for wrongful refusal to remove restrictions. Defendants have appealed the Court s September 9, 2022 order dismissing defendants 
counterclaim for wrongful refusal to remove restrictions. On October 3, 2022 the parties submitted a stipulation dismissing defendants 
outstanding counterclaim against Transhare Corporation seeking declaratory judgment. 

The Company remains engaged in litigation in Shineco, Inc. v. Lei Zhang,
et al. , Index No. 160669/2021 before the New York Supreme Court s Commercial Division. The note of issue date is November 15,
2023. The parties have not been able to reach a settlement. As of June 30, 2023, the total unpaid
shares issued to Lei Zhang and Yan Li by the Company was 982,500 shares, and the subscription receivable was US 3,024,000 which was recorded
on the consolidated balance sheet. 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, we had no other material capital commitments or contingent liabilities. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Commitments and Arrangements 

On May 29, 2023, the Board
of the Company approved that we pledged the real estate property with a net book value of US 1,048,710 as collateral to guarantee a personal
loan of Mr. Yuying Zhang, the former chairman of the Board and legal representative of Tenet-Jove in exchange for the transfer of the
real estate title from Yuying Zhang to a subsidiary of the Company. Based on the memorandum entered between us and Yuying Zhang, the
related party, the related party is expected to repay his loan and release the pledge before May 31, 2024, and we have the right to claim
full compensation if the property is failed to be released by due date. On May 24, 2023, Yuying Zhang entered into a loan agreement with
Weiqing Guo, for a principal amount of 15,000,000 RMB and with a due date of May 23, 2023. On May 23, 2023, Yuying Zhang entered into
a supplementary agreement with Weiqing Guo, wherein the parties agreed to extend the due date of the principal amount from May 23, 2023
to May 23, 2024, and to provide a mortgage guarantee for the repayment of the principal amount. A copy of the translated pledge agreement
is attached herein as Exhibit 10.97 and a copy of the translated loan agreement and its translated supplementary agreement is
attached herein as Exhibit 10.98 and 10.99, respectively. 

Except for the above-mentioned guarantee, we have
not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. In addition,
we have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our own common stock and classified as stockholders equity,
or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 

40 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table provides detailed information about our net cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (5,390,594 
 (5,712,562 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 1,033,474 
 (36,016,193 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 4,481,368 
 28,412,235 
 
 Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,122,720 
 (542,643 
 
 Net
 decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (998,472 
 (13,859,163 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of the year 
 15,165,231 
 29,024,394 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of the year 
 14,166,759 
 15,165,231 
 
 Less:
 cash of discontinued operations - ended of the year 
 (13,540,793 
 (14,227,219 
 
 Cash
 of continuing operations - ended of the year 
 625,966 
 938,012 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities during the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately US 5.4 million, consisting of net loss from
continuing operations of US 10.7 million, bad debt expenses of US 2.9 million, common stock issued for management and employees of
US 1.1 million, accrued interest expense for convertible notes of US 0.9 million, amortization of debt issuance and other costs
US 0.8 million, and the net cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations of US 0.9 million. 

Net
cash used in operating activities during the year ended June 30, 2022 was approximately US 5.7 million, consisting of net loss from
continuing operations of US 7.6 million, bad debt expenses of US 1.4 million, amortization of debt issuance and other costs US 1.4
million, accrued interest expense for convertible notes of US 0.8 million, and the net cash used in operating activities from
discontinued operations of US 1.7 million. 

Investing
Activities 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash provided by investing activities was US 1.0 million, primarily due to repayments of loans to third
parties of US 10.9 million and acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash of US 0.6 million, and the net cash provided by investing activities
from discontinued operations of US 0.5 million, partially offset by payment for business acquisition of US 9.0 million and prepayment
for business acquisition of US 2.0 million. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was US 36.0 million, primarily due to the payment made for loans
to third parties of US 14.4 million and the net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations of US 20.8 million. 

Financing
Activities 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities amounted to approximately US 4.5 million, due to proceeds from
issuance of common stock of US 4.8 million, and proceeds from short-term bank loans of US 1.3 million, partially offset by the repayment
of short-term bank loans of US 1.6 million. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities amounted to approximately US 28.4 million, due to proceeds from
issuance of convertible note of US 17.0 million, proceeds from issuance of common stock of US 9.7 million and the net cash provided by
financing activities from discontinued operations of US 1.7 million. 

Item
 7a. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

The
Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item because the Company is a smaller reporting company. 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
financial statements required by this item are set forth beginning on page F-1. 

41 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Table
 of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Equity For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Shineco, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Shineco, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022,
the related consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the
period ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial positions of the Company as of
June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Material
Uncertainty Related to Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to
the consolidated financial statements, the Company had net losses of US 13,956,031 and US 27,067,139, and cash outflow of US 5,390,594
and US 5,712,562 from operating activities for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We also draw attention to Note 19
of the financial statements, which describes the uncertainty related to the outcome of the lawsuits filed against the Company. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Allowance
for accounts receivable 

As
discussed in notes 3 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s net accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful
accounts was 2,313,410 and 8,153,850 as of June 30, 2023. The Company reviews the accounts receivable on a periodic basis and makes
general and specific allowances when there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating the collectability
of individual receivable balances, the Company considers many factors, including the age of the balance, the customers historical
payment history, their current credit-worthiness, and current economic trends. The principal considerations for our determination that
performing procedures relating to the allowance for credit loss on accounts. 

We
identified allowance for accounts receivable is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in estimating the
allowance for credit loss, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and
evaluating audit evidence obtained. 

Our
audit of allowance for accounts receivable included, among others: 

Evaluating
 the appropriateness of the model; 

Testing
 the aging and the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data that served as the basis for the calculation of allowance for
 accounts, and the mathematical accuracy of management s calculation; 

Performing
 inquiries with appropriate finance and operations personnel, and reviewed the actual subsequent to June 30, 2023, and to evaluate
 the reasonableness of management s estimate of the impact of interaction among various factors; and 

Evaluating
 the reasonableness of significant assumptions and judgments made by management to estimate the allowance for each segmentation of
 accounts receivable. 

Provision
for inventory reserve 

As
discussed in notes 3 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value,
with cost determined on a first in first out method. The Company periodically evaluates its inventory and records an inventory reserve
for certain inventories that may not be saleable or whose cost exceeds net realizable value. As of June 30, 2023, the net inventory and
accumulated inventory reserve was 17,044,981 and 1,163,304 respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company reversed inventory
reserve of 166,718. Inventories include items that have been written down to the Company s best estimate of their realizable value,
which includes consideration of various factors. 

We
identified the inventory write-down as a critical audit matter. The Company s determination of future markdowns is subjective.
Specifically, there was a high degree of subjective auditor judgment in evaluating how the Company s merchandising strategy and
related inventory markdown assumptions affected the realizable value of inventory. 

Our
audit of provision for inventory reserve included, among others: 

Observing
 the condition of inventories during inventory counts; 

Understanding
 and evaluating Company s accounting policy on the valuation of its inventories and management s basis in determining
 the inventories reserve; 

Testing
 the accuracy and completeness of management s calculation and the underlying data that served as the basis for the calculation
 of inventory reserve; 

Evaluating
 and assessing the reasonableness of the inventory reserve assumptions; and 

Verifying
 whether inventories are recorded at net realizable value by comparing, on a sample basis, the recorded unit cost of inventories against
 recent or subsequent selling prices 

F- 3 

Valuation
of Goodwill and intangible assets 

As
discussed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill and intangible assets mainly represented amount of 6,574,743
and 12,049,473 that arose from acquisition of Changzhou Biowin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 

The
Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying
value. The Company uses the discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value, which requires management to make significant estimates
and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenue and operating margin. In addition, the discounted cash flow model requires the
Company to select an appropriate weighted average cost of capital based on current market conditions as of June 30, 2023. A high degree
of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort were required when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of
management s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts. 

Our
audit procedures related to the forecasts of future revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital
used by management to estimate the fair value contributed by the reporting unit included the following, among others: 

Reviewing
 procedures of management s impairment assessment; 

evaluating
 the reasonableness of the valuation model, methodology, and significant assumptions used by the Company, specifically the weighted
 average cost of capital including testing the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculation of the weighted average cost
 of capital; 

examining
 original transaction related documents; 

evaluating
 the sufficiency of the Company s disclosures to goodwill. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

September
 28, 2023 
 PCAOB
 ID Number 6783 

F- 4 

SHINECO,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories, net 
 
 - 
 
 Advances to suppliers, net 
 
 - 
 
 Other current assets, net 

Current assets held for discontinued operations 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

Investment in unconsolidated entity 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Non-current assets held for discontinued operations 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Short-term loans 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Advances from customers 
 
 - 
 
 Due to related parties 

Other payables and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities - current 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible note payable 

Taxes payable 

Current liabilities held for discontinued operations 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Income tax payable - noncurrent portion 

Operating lease liabilities - non-current 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liability 
 
 - 
 
 Other long-term payable 
 
 - 
 
 Non-current liabilities held for discontinued operations 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

EQUITY: 

Common stock; par value , shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscription receivable 

Statutory reserve 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Stockholders equity of Shineco, Inc. 

Non-controlling interest 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SHINECO,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

REVENUE 
 
 - 

COST OF REVENUE 

Cost of product and services 
 
 - 
 
 Business and sales related tax 
 
 - 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 
 - 

GROSS PROFIT 
 
 - 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

Selling expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Impairment loss on an unconsolidated entity 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from equity method investments 

Other income, net 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance and other costs 

Interest income (expenses), net 

Total other expenses 

LOSS BEFORE BENEFIT FOR INCOME TAXES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

BENEFIT FOR INCOME TAXES 
 
 - 

NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 
 - 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

NET LOSS 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHINECO, INC. 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: foreign currency translation loss 

Total comprehensive loss 

Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHINECO, INC. 

Weighted average number of shares basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Loss per common share 

Continuing operations - Basic and Diluted 

Discontinued operations - Basic and Diluted 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

SHINECO,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 RECEIVABLE 
 PAID-IN
 CAPITAL 
 RESERVE 
 DEFICIT) 
 LOSS 
 INTEREST 
 TOTAL
 EQUITY 

RETAINED 
 ACCUMULATED 

EARNINGS 
 OTHER 
 NON- 

COMMON
 STOCK 
 SUBSCRIPTION 
 ADDITIONAL 
 STATUTORY 
 (ACCUMULATED 
 COMPREHENSIVE 
 CONTROLLING 

SHARES 
 AMOUNT 
 RECEIVABLE 
 PAID-IN
 CAPITAL 
 RESERVE 
 DEFICIT) 
 LOSS 
 INTEREST 
 TOTAL
 EQUITY 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2021 

Stock issuance 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for convertible notes redemption 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature associated with convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Disposal of Ankang 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss from continuing operations for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss from discontinued operation for the year 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Acquisition of Biowin 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock issuance 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for convertible notes redemption 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for management and employees 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss from continuing operations for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss from discontinued operation for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

SHINECO,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss from disposal of property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Provision for doubtful accounts 

Reversal of inventory reserve 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax benefit 
 
 - 
 
 Loss (gain) from equity method investments 

Amortization of right of use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment loss on an unconsolidated entity 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment loss on property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for management and employees 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance and other costs 

Accrued interest expense for convertible notes 

Accrued interest income from third parties 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Advances to suppliers 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories 
 
 - 
 
 Other current assets 

Accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Advances from customers 
 
 - 
 
 Other payables and accrued expenses 

Other long-term payable 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations 

Net cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisitions of property and equipment 

Payment made for loans to third parties 
 - 

Repayments of loans to third parties 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entity 
 - 

Payment made for business acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash 
 
 - 
 
 Prepayment for business acquisition 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities from continuing operations 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities from discontinued
 operations 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from short-term bank loans 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of short-term bank loans 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from (repayments of) advances from related parties 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGE ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - Beginning of the year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - End of the year 

Less: cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations - Ended of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations - Ended of the year 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for interest 
 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL NON-CASH OPERATING, INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of common shares for convertible notes redemption 

Issuance of common shares for proceeds received in prior year 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common shares for business acquisition 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 

Reduction of right-of-use assets and operating lease obligations due to early termination of lease agreement 

Repayments of loans to third parties offset by other payables 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

owned subsidiary of Shineco and was officially granted the status of a wholly foreign-owned
entity by Chinese authorities on July 14, 2006. This transaction was accounted for as a recapitalization. Tenet-Jove owns interest
of Tianjin Tenet Huatai Technological Development Co., Ltd. Tenet Huatai ). 

On
December 31, 2008, June 11, 2011, and May 24, 2012, Tenet-Jove entered into a series of contractual agreements including an Executive
Business Cooperation Agreement, a Timely Reporting Agreement, an Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, and an Executive Option Agreement
(collectively, the VIE Agreements ), with each one of the following entities, Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,
Ltd. Ankang Longevity Group ), Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. Zhisheng Freight ),
Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. Zhisheng Trade ), Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative Zhisheng Agricultural ), and Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services., Ltd. Qingdao Zhihesheng ).
On February 24, 2014, Tenet-Jove entered into the same series of contractual agreements with Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology
Co., Ltd. Zhisheng Bio-Tech ), which was incorporated in 2014. Zhisheng Bio-Tech, Zhisheng Freight, Zhisheng Trade, Zhisheng
Agricultural, and Qingdao Zhihesheng are collectively referred to herein as the Zhisheng VIEs . 

Pursuant
to the VIE Agreements, Tenet-Jove has the exclusive right to provide to the Zhisheng VIEs and Ankang Longevity Group consulting services
related to their business operations and management. All the above contractual agreements obligate Tenet-Jove to absorb a majority of
the risk of loss from the Zhisheng VIEs and Ankang Longevity Group s activities and entitle Tenet-Jove to receive a majority of
their residual returns. In essence, Tenet-Jove has become the primary beneficiary of the operations of the Zhisheng VIEs and Ankang Longevity
Group. Therefore, the Zhisheng VIEs and Ankang Longevity Group are treated as variable interest entities VIEs under the
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810 Consolidation. 
Accordingly, the accounts of these entities are consolidated with those of Tenet-Jove. 

Since
Shineco is effectively controlled by the majority shareholders of the Zhisheng VIEs and Ankang Longevity Group, Shineco owns of
Tenet-Jove. Accordingly, Shineco, Tenet-Jove, and the VIEs, the Zhisheng VIEs and Ankang Longevity Group are effectively controlled by
the same majority shareholders. Therefore, Shineco, Tenet-Jove, and the VIEs of Tenet-Jove are considered under common control. The consolidation
of Tenet-Jove and its VIEs into Shineco was accounted for at historical cost and prepared on the basis as if the aforementioned exclusive
contractual agreements between Tenet-Jove and its VIEs had become effective as of the beginning of the first period presented in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

On
September 30, 2017, Tenet-Jove established Xinjiang Shineco Taihe Agriculture Technology Ltd. Xinjiang Taihe with registered
capital of RMB million (approximately US million). On September 30, 2017, Tenet-Jove established Xinjiang Tianyi Runze Bioengineering
Co., Ltd. Runze with registered capital of RMB million (approximately US million). Xinjiang Taihe and Runze became
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Tenet-Jove. The Company ceased the business operation of Xinjiang Taihe and Runze in September 2020 and
October 2020, respectively. 

On
December 10, 2016, Tenet-Jove entered into a purchase agreement with Tianjin Tajite E-Commerce Co., Ltd. Tianjin Tajite ),
an online e-commerce company based in Tianjin, China, specializing in distributing Luobuma related products and branded products of Daiso
100-yen shops, pursuant to which Tenet-Jove would acquire a equity interest in Tianjin Tajite for cash consideration of RMB 
(approximately US million). On December 25, 2016, the Company paid the full amount as the deposit to secure the deal. In May, 2017,
the Company amended the agreement and required Tianjin Tajite to satisfy certain preconditions related to product introductions into
China. On October 26, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition for of the shares in Tianjin Tajite. On May 5, 2019, two minority
shareholders of Tianjin Tajite transferred their of the equity interest to the Company. There was no consideration paid for the
transfers, and after the transfers, the Company owns equity interest of Tianjin Tajite. 

On
March 13, 2019, Tenet-Jove established Beijing Tenjove Newhemp Biotechnology Co., Ltd. TNB with registered capital of
RMB million (approximately US million). TNB became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tenet-Jove. The operating of TNB was ceased on
May 15, 2023. 

On
July 23, 2020, Shanghai Jiaying International Trade Co., Ltd. Shanghai Jiaying was established with registered capital
of RMB million (approximately US million). Tenet-Jove owned an equity interest of of Shanghai Jiaying, and the remaining
 equity interests was owned by an individual shareholder. Jiaying Trade did not engage in any active business operations, and the
operating of Shanghai Jiaying was ceased on December 21, 2021. 

On
January 7, 2021, Inner Mongolia Shineco Zhonghemp Biotechnology Co., Ltd. SZB was established with registered capital
of RMB million (approximately US million). Tenet-Jove owned an equity interest of of SZB, and the remaining equity interests
was owned by an individual shareholder. SZB is currently not engaging in any active business operations. 

On
December 07, 2021, the Company established Shineco Life Science Research Co., Ltd. Life Science as a wholly foreign-owned
entity with registered capital of US million. 

On
April 13, 2022, the Company established Shineco Life Science Group Hong Kong Co., Limited Life Science HK as a wholly
owned entity with registered capital of US million. On April 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Share Transfer Agreement Agreement with Life Science HK. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company transferred its of the equity interest of Life Science to Life Science
HK. There was no consideration paid for the transfer, and after the transfer, Life Science became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Life Science
HK. 

On
May 16, 2023, Shinkang Technology (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd Shinkang was established with registered capital of RMB million
(approximately US million). Life Science owned an equity interest of of Shinkang, and the remaining 49 equity interests was
owned by one shareholder. Shinkang is currently not engaging in any active business operations. 

On
May 16, 2023, Fuzhou Meida Health Management Co., Ltd Fuzhou Meida ), formerly known as Pangke Planet (Fuzhou) Health Management
Co., Ltd, was established with registered capital of RMB million (approximately US million). Life Science owned an equity interest
of of Fuzhou Meida, and the remaining 49 equity interests was owned by two shareholders. Fuzhou Meida is currently not engaging
in any active business operations 

On
May 23, 2023, Life Science established Beijing Shineco Chongshi Information Consulting Co., Ltd Chongshi as a wholly
owned entity with registered capital of RMB million (approximately US million). Chongshi is currently not engaging in any active
business operations 

On
June 8, 2021, Tenet-Jove entered into a Restructuring Agreement with various parties. Pursuant to the terms of the Restructuring Agreement,
(i) the Company transferred all of its rights and interests in Ankang Longevity to the Shareholders of Yushe County Guangyuan Forest
Development Co., Ltd. Guangyuan in exchange for the control of of equity interests and assets in Guangyuan; (ii)
Tenet-Jove entered a Termination Agreement with Ankang Longevity and the Ankang Shareholders; (iii) as a consideration to the Restructuring
Agreement and based on a valuation report on the equity interests of Guangyuan issued by an independent third party, Tenet-Jove relinquished
all of its rights and interests in Ankang Longevity and transferred those rights and interests to the Guangyuan Shareholders; and (iv)
Guangyuan and the Guangyuan Shareholders entered into a series of variable interest entity agreements with Tenet-Jove. After signing
of the Restructuring Agreement, the Company and the shareholders of Ankang and Guangyuan actively carried out the transferring of rights
and interests in Ankang and Guangyuan, and the transferring was completed subsequently on July 5, 2021. Afterwards, with the completion
of all other follow-ups works, on August 16, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary Tenet-Jove, completed the previously announced
acquisition pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement dated June 8, 2021. 

On
December 30, 2022, Life Science closed the acquisition of of the issued equity interests of Changzhou Biowin Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd. Biowin ), a company established under the laws of China, pursuant to the previously announced stock purchase agreement,
dated as of October 21, 2022, among Beijing Kanghuayuan Medicine Information Consulting Co., Ltd., a company established under the laws
of China Seller ), Biowin, the Company and Life Science. As the consideration for the acquisition, the Company paid to
Seller US million in cash and the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock, par value US per share
to the equity holders of Biowin or any persons designated by Biowin. According to the Supplementary Agreement, dated as of December 30,
2022, by and among Life Science, the Seller and Biowin, the Seller enjoyed of the issued equity interests of Biowin before January
1, 2023, and transferred the of the issued equity interests of Biowin together with its controlling rights of production and operation
of Biowin to Life Science from January 1, 2023. 

On
May 29, 2023, Life Science HK entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Agreement with Dream Partner Limited, a BVI
corporation Dream Partner ), Chongqing Wintus Group, a corporation incorporated under the laws of mainland China Wintus and certain shareholders of Dream Partner (the Sellers ), pursuant to which Shineco Life shall acquire equity interest
in Wintus (the Acquisition ). On September 19, 2023, the Company closed the Acquisition. As the consideration
for the Acquisition, the Company (a) paid the Sellers an aggregate
cash consideration of ; (b) issued certain shareholders, as listed in the Agreement, an aggregate of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock;
and (c) transferred and sold to the Sellers of the Company s equity interest in Beijing Tenet-Jove
Technological Development Co., Ltd. 

The
Company, Its subsidiaries, its VIEs, and its VIEs subsidiaries currently operate four main business segments: 1) Tenet-Jove
is engaged in manufacturing and selling Bluish Dogbane and related products, also known in Chinese as Luobuma, 
including therapeutic clothing and textile products made from Luobuma; 2) Qingdao Zhihesheng and Guangyuan are engaged in planting,
processing, and distributing green agricultural produce; Agricultural Products 3) Zhisheng Freight is providing
domestic and international logistic services Freight Services and 4) Biowin is specializing in development,
production and distribution of innovative rapid diagnostic products and related medical devices for the most common diseases Rapid Diagnostic and Other Products ). These different business activities and products can potentially be integrated
and benefit from one another. Due to the Acquisition mentioned above, the Company s Luobuma, Agricultural Products and Freight
Services business segments, that are operated by Tenet-Jove and its subsidiaries, Guangyuan and Zhisheng VIEs which Tenet-Jove is
the primary beneficiary (the Tenet-Jove Disposal Group ), are classified as discontinued operations on the Company
consolidated financial statements. 

and US ,
and continuing cash outflow of US and US from operating activities for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Management believes these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next
twelve months. In assessing the Company s going concern, management monitors and analyzes the Company s cash on-hand and
its ability to generate sufficient revenue sources in the future to support its operating and capital expenditure commitments. The Company s
liquidity needs are to meet its working capital requirements, operating expenses and capital expenditure obligations. Direct offering
and debt financing have been utilized to finance the working capital requirements of the Company. In addition, the Company s shareholders
made pledges to provide continuous financial support to the Company whenever the Company has liquidity difficulty for at least next 12
months from the date of this filing. 

Despite
those negative financial trends, as of June 30, 2023, the Company had positive working capital due to the following measurements the
management has taken to enhance the Company s liquidity: 

1) 
 On
 August 11, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain non-US
 investors (the Investors ). Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company will sell to the Investors, up to shares
 of its common stock at a per share purchase price of for gross proceeds of up to US . As of June 30 2023, proceeds
 amounted to US million has been received by the Company, and the remaining balance of the proceeds was received as the date of
 the report. 

2) 
 On
 January 12, 2023, the Board of the Company approved the sales of shares of the Company s common stock to the Company s
 employees for gross proceeds of up to US , and the balance of the proceeds is expected to be fully collected by December 31,
 2023. 

3) 
 The
 Company financed from commercial banks. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had US million in bank loans outstanding. The management
 expects that the Company will be able to renew its existing bank loans upon their maturity based on past experience and its good
 credit history. 

4) 
 As
 of June 30, 2023, the Company had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of approximately US million from continuing operations
 for the next operating cycle in next twelve months. 

Management
believes that the foregoing measures collectively will provide sufficient liquidity for the Company to meet its future liquidity needs
12 months from the date of this filing. 

Non-current assets 

Total assets 

Total liabilities 

Net assets 

2023 
 2022 

For the years ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net sales 

Gross loss 

Income (loss) from operations 

Net income (loss) attributable to Shineco, Inc. 

With
the adoption of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, revenue is recognized when all of the following five steps
are met: (i) identify the contract(s) with the customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the
transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; (v) recognize revenue when (or as) each performance
obligation is satisfied. The Company has assessed the impact of the guidance by reviewing its existing customer contracts to identify
differences that will result from applying the new requirements, including the evaluation of its performance obligations, transaction
price, customer payments, transfer of control, and principal versus agent considerations. In accordance with ASC 606, the Company evaluates
whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of product sales and related costs or the net amount earned as commissions. When
the Company is a principal, that the Company obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customers,
the revenues should be recognized in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for the specified
goods or services transferred. When the Company is an agent and its obligation is to facilitate third parties in fulfilling their performance
obligation for specified goods or services, the revenues should be recognized in the net amount for the amount of commission which the
Company earns in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by other parties. Based on the assessment,
the Company concluded that there was no change to the timing and pattern of revenue recognition for its current revenue streams in scope
of Topic 606 and therefore there was no material changes to the Company s consolidated financial statements upon adoption of ASC
606. 

More
specifically, revenue related to the Company s products and services is generally recognized as follows: 

Sales
of products: The Company recognized revenue from the sale of products when the goods were delivered and title to the goods passed
to the customer, provided that there were no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; persuasive evidence of an arrangement existed;
the sales price was fixed or determinable; and collectability was deemed probable. 

Revenue
from the provision of services : The Company merely acts as an agent in these types of services transactions. Revenue from domestic
air and overland freight forwarding services was recognized upon the performance of services as stipulated in the underlying contract
or when commodities were being released from the customer s warehouse; the service price was fixed or determinable; and collectability
was deemed probable. 

cash equivalents. 

Under
PRC law, it is generally required that a commercial bank in the PRC that holds third-party cash deposits protect the depositors 
rights over and interests in their deposited money. PRC banks are subject to a series of risk control regulatory standards, and PRC bank
regulatory authorities are empowered to take over the operation and management of any PRC bank that faces a material credit crisis. The
Company monitors the banks utilized and has not experienced any problems. 

and US nil , respectively. As of June 30,
2023 and 2022, the allowance for doubtful accounts from the discontinued operations was US and US , respectively.
Accounts are written off against the allowance after efforts at collection prove unsuccessful. 

and US nil , respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the inventory reserve from the
discontinued operations was US and US 1,249,543 , respectively. 

and US nil , respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the allowance for uncollectible
advances from the discontinued operations was US and US , respectively. 

, respectively. 

- years 
 
 Machinery equipment 
 - years 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 - years 
 
 Office equipment 
 - years 
 
 Farmland leasehold improvements 
 - years 
 
 Leasehold improvement 
 Lesser of useful life and lease term 

and US nil , respectively. For the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, the impairment for long-lived assets from the discontinued operations were US nil and US , respectively. 

On
December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act The Act was enacted. Under the provisions of The Act, the
U.S. corporate tax rate decreased from 35 to 21 . As the Company has a June 30 fiscal year end, the lower corporate income tax rate
was phased in, resulting in a U.S. statutory federal rate of approximately for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, and for subsequent
fiscal years. Additionally, The Act imposes a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriation of historical earnings of foreign subsidiaries,
and future foreign earnings are subject to U.S. taxation. The change in rate caused the Company to re-measure its income tax liability
and record an estimated income tax expense of US for the year ended June 30, 2018. On December 22, 2017, Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 118 SAB 118 was issued to address the application of U.S. GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the
necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain
income tax effects of The Act. In accordance with SAB 118, additional work is necessary to do a more detailed analysis of The Act as
well as potential correlative adjustments. Any subsequent adjustment to these amounts will be recorded to current tax expense in fiscal
2019 when the analysis is complete. . 

.
For overseas sales, VAT is exempted on the exported goods. This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by the Company on raw materials and other
materials included in the cost of producing finished products or acquiring finished products. The Company records a VAT payable or VAT
receivable in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

RMB to USD and at RMB to
 USD, respectively. The average translation rates applied to the income and cash flow statement amounts for the years ended June
30, 2023 and 2022 were RMB to USD and RMB to USD, respectively. 

and US nil , respectively. No research and development
expense were from discontinued operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

and , and other factors, such as representation on the board of directors, voting rights, and the impact
of commercial arrangements, are considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. 

Net loss from discontinued operations attributable to Shineco 

Net loss attributable to Shineco 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss from continuing operations per share of common share 

Basic and diluted 

Net loss from discontinued operations per share of common share 

Basic and diluted 

Net loss per share of common share 

Basic and diluted 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

Less: accounts receivable, net held for discontinued operations 

Accounts receivable, net held for continuing operations 
 
 - 

Acquisition of Biowin 
 
 - 
 
 Charge to expense 

Less: disposal of VIE 
 - 

Less: write-off 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Ending balance 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Less: inventory reserve 

Total inventories, net 

Less: inventories, net, held for discontinued operations 

Inventories, net, held for continuing operations 
 
 - 

Work-in-process
includes direct costs such as seed selection, fertilizer, labor cost, and subcontractor fees that are spent in growing agricultural products
on the leased farmland, and indirect costs which include amortization of the prepayment of the farmland lease fees and farmland development
costs. All the costs are accumulated until the time of harvest and then allocated to harvested crop costs when they are sold. 

The
Company wrote off inventory held for discontinued operations amounted to US and US during the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, respectively. It was due to the continuous impact from the COVID-19 pandemic which resulted in the damage and death of
a large number of yew trees. 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Advance to suppliers, net 

Less: advance to supplier, net, held for discontinued operations 
 - 

Advance to supplier, net, held for continuing operations 
 
 - 

Advances
to suppliers consist of mainly payments to suppliers for yew trees, as well as raw materials or products that have not been received. 

Acquisition of Biowin 
 
 - 
 
 Charge to (reversal of) expense 

Less: disposal of VIE 
 - 

Less: write-off 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Ending balance 

Other receivables (2) 

Prepayment for business acquisition (3) 
 
 - 
 
 Short-term deposit 

Prepaid expenses 

Subtotal 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total other current assets, net 

Less: other current assets, net, held for discontinued operations 

Other current assets, net, held for continuing operations 

1) 
 and US , respectively. Management will continue putting effort in collection of overdue loans to third parties. 

2) 

3) 

Acquisition of Biowin 
 
 - 
 
 Charge to expense 

Less: disposal of VIE 
 - 

Less: write-off 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Ending balance 

Machinery and equipment 

Motor vehicles 

Office equipment 

Leasehold improvement 
 - 

Farmland leasehold improvements 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Less: impairment for property and equipment 

Total property and equipment, net 

Less: property and equipment, net, held for discontinued operations 

Property and equipment, net held for continuing operations 

Depreciation
and amortization expense charged to the continuing operations was US and US for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Depreciation and amortization expense charged to the discontinued operations was US and US for the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the management performed evaluation on the impairment of property and equipment. Due to the continuous
impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company s Zhisheng VIEs, have not been able to grow and cultivate green agricultural produce
on the leased farmlands, and based on the management estimation, these farmlands are unlikely to generate enough future profit and cashflow,
hence, the Company decided to record full impairment of such leased farmland (Note 11). Therefore, farmland leasehold improvements relating
to these farmlands were also fully impaired as of June 30, 2022. Impairment loss on property and equipment from the continuing operations
was US and US nil for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Impairment loss on property and equipment from the
discontinued operations was US nil and US for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Yew tree planting base reconstruction 

Greenhouse renovation 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Less: impairment for farmland leasehold improvements 

Total farmland leasehold improvements, net 
 - 
 - 

million (approximately US million) for a
 equity interest in Yushe Pharmaceutical. The investment is accounted for using the equity method because Guangyuan has significant
influence, but no control of the entity. The Company considered it unlikely to obtain any investment income in the future, and decided
the make a full impairment on this investment during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company entered into a capital injection agreement with the other shareholders of Shanghai Gaojing Private Fund
Management Gaojing Private Fund ), a Chinese private fund management company, to complete the injection of a total RMB
 million (approximately US million) for its equity interest in Gaojing Private Fund. The investment is accounted for using
the equity method because the Company has significant influence, but no control of the entity. As of December 31, 2022, a total of US 
million was fully injected by the Company. The Company recorded a loss of US and US for the years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022, respectively, from the investment held for continuing operations, which was included in Loss from equity method investments 
in the consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. The Company considered it unlikely to obtain any investment income in
the future, and decided the make a full impairment on this investment during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

On
January 18, 2022, the Company entered into three share transfer agreements (the Purchase Agreements ), respectively with
Beijing Qing Chuang Technology Incubator Co., Ltd., Hangzhou Sheng Dou Shi Bio Technology Co., Ltd. and Peng He (collectively, the Selling
Shareholders ), each a shareholder of Xiang Peng You Kang (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd. XPYK ), pursuant to which
the Company shall acquire a total of issued and outstanding equity interest of XPYK from the Selling Shareholders (the XPYK
Shares ). Under the Purchase Agreements, the Company will issue an aggregate of shares Company Shares of
its common stock valued at a per share price of (subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreements) as the consideration
for the XPYK Shares. As the date of this report, no share has been issued and no equity interest of XPYK has been acquired by the Company. 

On
January 30, 2022, the Company entered into a cooperation agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with Weifang Jianyi Medical
Devices Co., Ltd. WJM ), a leading Chinese medical device company based in Shandong Province, China, pursuant to which
the Company and WJM shall jointly manufacture and sell nuclear medical imaging devices (the Joint Project ), including PET,
PET-CT, and PET-MRI. Under the Cooperation Agreement, the Company will provide working capital and manufacturing facilities while WJM
shall contribute patented and unpatented technologies and know-how, medical device manufacturing permits, skilled engineers and project
managers to produce such nuclear medical imaging devices. . In
addition, the Company and WJM shall manage the Joint Project jointly with WJM making the budgets and the Company approving such budgets.
Furthermore, the Cooperation Agreement provides that the Company shall receive any and all of the intellectual property rights to be
developed as a result of the Joint Project. As the date of this report, the Joint Project has not started, and no working capital and
manufacturing facilities have been provided by the Company. 

Total investment 
 - 

Less: investment, held for discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment, held for continuing operations 
 - 

Current liabilities 
 - 

2023 
 2022 

For the years ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Net sales 
 
 - 
 
 Gross loss 
 - 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

years to years. The Company considers those renewal or termination options that are reasonably certain to
be exercised in the determination of the lease term and initial measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities. Lease expenses for lease
payment are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Leases with initial terms of 12 months or less are not recorded
on the balance sheet. 

When
available, the Company uses the rate implicit in the lease to discount lease payments to present value; however, most of the Company s
leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate. Therefore, the Company discounts lease payments based on an estimate of its
incremental borrowing rate. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive
covenants. 

- 

Operating lease liabilities current 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities non-current 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Operating lease liabilities non-current 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average discount rate 

Rent
expenses totaled US and US from the continuing operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Rent
expenses totaled US and US from the discontinued operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the management performed evaluation on the impairment of ROU lease assets, and impairment loss for the
ROU lease assets held for discontinued operations of US was recorded for the year ended June 30, 2022. Due to the continuous
impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company s Zhisheng VIEs have not been able to grow and cultivate green agricultural produce
on the leased farmland, and based on the management estimation, these farmlands are unlikely to generate enough future profit and cashflow.
Therefore, the Company decided to record full impairment of leased farmland during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

2025 

2026 
 - 

2027 
 - 

2028 
 - 

Thereafter 
 - 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

equity interests
in Tianjin Tajite. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company made a payment of RMB (approximately US million) at the end of
December 2016 as the total consideration for the acquisition of Tianjin Tajite. On October 26, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition
of Tianjin Tajite. The acquisition provides a unique opportunity for the Company to enter the market of Luobuma fabric commodities and
branded products of Daiso 100-yen shops. 

The
transaction was accounted for in accordance with the provisions of ASC 805-10, Business Combinations. The Company retained independent
appraisers to advise management in the determination of the fair value of the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The values
assigned in these financial statements represents management s best estimate of fair values as of the acquisition date. 

As
required by ASC 805-20, Business Combinations Identifiable Assets and Liabilities, and Any Non-controlling Interest, management
conducted a review to reassess whether they identified all the assets acquired and all the liabilities assumed, and followed ASC 805-20 s
measurement procedures for recognition of the fair value of net assets acquired. 

The
excess of the purchase price over the aggregate fair value of assets acquired was allocated to goodwill which amounted to RMB 
(approximately US million). The results of operations of Tianjin Tajite have been included in the consolidated statements of operations
from the date of acquisition. 

In
June 2018, the management performed evaluation on the impairment of goodwill. Due to the lower than expected revenue and profit, and
unfavorable business environment, the management fully recorded an impairment loss on goodwill of Tianjin Tajite. 

On
May 5, 2019, two minority shareholders of Tianjin Tajite transferred of the equity interest to the Company. There was no consideration
paid for the transfers, and after the transfers, the Company owns equity interest of Tianjin Tajite. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the management performed evaluation on the impairment of distribution rights. As the Company is unable
to generate any revenue and profit from the distribution right due to the unfavorable policy of China Customs and current business environment
caused by the continuous impact from the COVID-19, the management fully recorded an impairment loss on distribution rights of Tianjin
Tajite (Note 9). 

Under
ASC 805-10, acquisition-related costs (i.e., advisory, legal, valuation, and other professional fees) are not included as a component
of consideration transferred, but are expensed in the periods in which the costs are incurred. 

Acquisition
of Guangyuan 

On
June 8, 2021, Tenet-Jove entered into a Restructuring Agreement with various parties. Pursuant to the terms of the Restructuring Agreement,
(i) the Company transferred all of its rights and interests in Ankang Longevity to the Shareholders of Yushe County Guangyuan Forest
Development Co., Ltd. Guangyuan in exchange for the control of of equity interests and assets in Guangyuan; (ii)
Tenet-Jove entered a Termination Agreement with Ankang Longevity and the Ankang Shareholders; (iii) as a consideration to the Restructuring
Agreement and based on a valuation report on the equity interests of Guangyuan issued by an independent third party, Tenet-Jove relinquished
all of its rights and interests in Ankang Longevity and transferred those rights and interests to the Guangyuan Shareholders; and (iv)
Guangyuan and the Guangyuan Shareholders entered into a series of variable interest entity agreements with Tenet-Jove. After signing
of the Restructuring Agreement, the Company and the shareholders of Ankang and Guangyuan actively carried out the transferring of rights
and interests in Ankang and Guangyuan, and the transferring was completed subsequently on July 5, 2021. Afterwards, with the completion
of all other follow-ups works, on August 16, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary Tenet-Jove, completed the previously announced
acquisition pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement dated June 8, 2021. 

The management determined that July 5,
2021 was the acquisition date of Guangyuan. The acquisition provides a unique opportunity for the Company to enter the market of planting
fast-growing bamboo willows and scenic greening trees. 

The
transaction was accounted for in accordance with the provisions of ASC 805-10, Business Combinations. The Company retained independent
appraisers to advise management in the determination of the fair value of the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The values
assigned in these financial statements represent management s best estimate of fair values as of the Acquisition Date. 

As
required by ASC 805-20, Business Combinations Identifiable Assets and Liabilities, and Any Non-controlling Interest, management
conducted a review to reassess whether they identified all the assets acquired and all the liabilities assumed, and followed ASC 805-20 s
measurement procedures for recognition of the fair value of net assets acquired. 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Right of use assets 

Long-term investments and other non-current assets 

Other payables and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total purchase price for acquisition, net of US of cash 

Under
ASC 805-10, acquisition-related costs (i.e., advisory, legal, valuation and other professional fees) are not included as a component
of consideration transferred, but are expensed in the periods in which the costs are incurred. Acquisition-related costs were US nil 
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

The
Company has included the operating results of Guangyuan in the consolidated financial statements since the Acquisition Date. US nil 
in net sales and US in net loss of Guangyuan were included in discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended June 30, 2023. US in net sales and US in net loss of Guangyuan were included in discontinued operations
in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Acquisition
of Changzhou Biowin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Biowin 

On
October 21, 2022, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Life Science, entered into a stock purchase agreement with the Seller
and Biowin, pursuant to which Life Science would acquire of the issued equity interests of Biowin from Seller. On December 30, 2022,
Life Science closed the acquisition of of the issued equity interests of Biowin. As the consideration for the acquisition, the Company
paid to Seller US million in cash and the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock, par value US 
per share to the equity holders of Biowin or any persons designated by Biowin, the total consideration of the acquisition was US .
According to the Supplementary Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and among the Life Science, the Seller and Biowin, the Seller
transferred its controlling rights of production and operation of Biowin to Life Science from January 1, 2023. The management determined
that January 1, 2023 was the acquisition date of Biowin. The acquisition provides a unique opportunity for the Company to step into the
Point-of-Care Testing POCT industry. 

The
transaction was accounted for in accordance with the provisions of ASC 805-10, Business Combinations. The Company retained independent
appraisers to advise management in the determination of the fair value of the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The values
assigned in these financial statements represent management s best estimate of fair values as of the Acquisition Date. 

As
required by ASC 805-20, Business Combinations Identifiable Assets and Liabilities, and Any Non-controlling Interest, management
conducted a review to reassess whether they identified all the assets acquired and all the liabilities assumed, and followed ASC 805-20 s
measurement procedures for recognition of the fair value of net assets acquired. 

The
excess of the purchase price over the aggregate fair value of assets acquired was allocated to goodwill which amounted to US .
The results of operations of Biowin have been included in the consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition. 

Inventories, net 

Other current assets, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Short-term bank loans 

Accounts payable 

Advances from customers 

Other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities - non-current 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Non-controlling interest 

Total purchase price for acquisition, net of US of cash 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Total intangible assets, net 

Less: intangible assets, net held for discontinued operations 
 - 

Total intangible assets, net held for continuing operations 

The
amortization expense of intangible assets was US 
 from the continuing operations for the year ended
June 30 2023. 

Under
ASC 805-10, acquisition-related costs (i.e., advisory, legal, valuation and other professional fees) are not included as a component
of consideration transferred, but are expensed in the periods in which the costs are incurred. Acquisition-related costs were
US and US for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

The
Company has included the operating results of Biowin in continuing operations in its consolidated financial statements since the Acquisition
Date. US in net sales and US in net loss of Biowin were included in the consolidated financial statements for the year
ended June 30, 2023. 

Shanghai Gaojing Private Fund Management (a.) 

Zhongjian Yijia Health Technology (Qingdao) Co., Ltd. Zhongjian Yijia (b.) 

Zhongjian (Qingdao) International Logistics Development Co., Ltd. Zhongjian International (c.) 

Subtotal 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 
 
 - 
 
 Total due from related parties, net 

Less: due from related parties, held for discontinued operations 

Due from related parties, held for continuing operations 
 - 
 - 

a. 
 
 equity interest in this company. Those advances are due on demand and non-interest bearing (Note 10). The Company made a full impairment on this
investment and fully recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts for the amount due from this company as of June 30, 2023. 

b. 
 (RMB million) for its working capital for one year, with a
 maturity date of September 16, 2022. The loans bore a fixed annual interest rate of 
 per annum. The Company recorded interest receivable amounted to US as of June 30,
 2022. Upon maturity date, the Company signed a loan extension agreement with this related
 party to extend the loan repayment by installments, among which, US (RMB million)
 will be paid by September 30, 2022, US (RMB million) will be paid by December
 31, 2022, and the remaining loan and unpaid interest will be paid by June 30, 2023. During
 the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company received payment of US (RMB million)
 from this related party. However, due to the impact from COVID-19, the Company did not receive
 the remaining installment repayment and unpaid interests according to the loan agreements,
 hence, the Company recorded allowance according to the Company s accounting policy
 based on its best estimates. As of June 30, 2023, the total outstanding balance including
 the principal and interest was amounted to US (approximately million) as of
 June 30, 2023, and the management fully recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts as of
 June 30, 2023. 
 
 Interest
 income was US and US for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

c. 
 (RMB million) for its working capital for one year,
 with a maturity date of October 27, 2022. The loans bore a fixed annual interest rate of
 per annum. Upon maturity date, the Company signed a loan extension agreement with this
 related party to extend the loan for another year with the new maturity date of October 27,
 2023. The total outstanding balance including the principal and interest were amounted to
 US and US as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Interest
 income was US and US for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Due
to Related Parties 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had related party payables held for continuing operations of US and US , respectively.
As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had related party payables held for discontinued operations of US and US ,
respectively. Due to related parties are mainly due to the principal stockholders or certain relatives of the stockholders, and senior
management of the Company who lend funds for the Company s operations. The payables are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due
on demand. 

Wang Sai 
 - 

Li Baolin 
 
 - 
 
 Zhao Min (a.) 

Zhou Shunfang (b.) 

Huang Shanchun 
 
 - 
 
 Liu Fengming 
 
 - 
 
 Yan Lixia 
 
 - 
 
 Zhan Jiarui 
 
 - 
 
 Liu Xinqiao 
 
 - 
 
 Mike Zhao 
 
 - 
 
 Total due to related parties 

Less: due to related parties, held for discontinued operations 

Due to related parties, held for continuing operations 

a. 
 (RMB million) for the Company s working capital needs for three months, with a maturity date range between
 . The loans bore a fixed annual interest rate of per annum. Upon maturity date, the Company signed
 loan extension agreements with Zhao Min to extend the loan period till no later than December 31, 2023, with the same interest rate
 of per annum. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company borrowed additional loan of US (RMB million), resulted
 a total outstanding balance including principal and the interest of US as of June 30, 2023. 

b. 
 (RMB million) for the Company s working capital needs for less than one year, with a maturity date range
 on . The loans bore a fixed annual interest rate of per annum. All loans were fully repaid by the Company upon
 their maturity. 

Interest
expenses on loans due to related parties were US and US for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Loan
guarantee provided by related parties 

The
Company s related parties provide guarantee for the Company s short-term bank loans (see Note 14). 

Loan guarantee provided to a related party 

On May 29, 2023, the Board of the Company approved
that we pledged the real estate property with a net book value of US 
 as collateral to guarantee a personal loan of Mr. Yuying Zhang, the former chairman of the Board and legal representative of Tenet-Jove
in exchange for the transfer of the real estate title from Yuying Zhang to a subsidiary of the Company. Based on the memorandum entered
between us and Yuying Zhang, the related party, the related party is expected to repay his loan and release the pledge before May 31,
2024, and we have the right to claim full compensation if the property is failed to be released by due date. On May 24, 2023, Yuying
Zhang entered into a loan agreement with Weiqing Guo, for a principal amount of 
 RMB and with a due date of May 23, 2023. On May 23, 2023, Yuying Zhang entered into a supplementary agreement with Weiqing Guo,
wherein the parties agreed to , and to provide a mortgage guarantee for the repayment
of the principal amount. A copy of the translated pledge agreement is attached herein as Exhibit 10.97 and a copy of the translated
loan agreement and its translated supplementary agreement is attached herein as Exhibit 10.98 and 10.99, respectively. 

Bank of Jiangsu- b 

Bank of China- c 

Total short-term bank loans 

Less: short-term loans, held for discontinued operations 
 - 

Short-term loans, held for continuing operations 

The
loans outstanding were guaranteed by the following properties, entities or individuals: 

a. 

b. 

c. 

Interest
expenses from discontinued operations were both US nil for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company recorded
interest expenses from continuing operations of US and US nil for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The annual
weighted average interest rates from continuing operations were and nil for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

the Note to an
institutional accredited investor Streeterville Capital, LLC Investor ). The Note has the original principal amount of
US and
Investor gave consideration of US million,
reflecting original issue discount of US and
Investor s legal fee of US .
On September 7, 2022, the Company signed an extension amendment (the First June Note Amendment with the Investor to
extend the maturity date of this note to June 17, 2023, resulting in an increase of the principal amount to .
On October 21, 2022, the Company signed a standstill agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor would not seek to
repayment of any portion of the note during the period from to . On January 18, 2023, the Investor
re-started the repayment of the notes. Thereafter, the Company signed a second extension amendment (the Second June Note
Amendment dated as June 15, 2023, with the Investor to extend the maturity date to , thereby increasing the principal
amount to . 

On
July 16, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the July Agreement pursuant to which the Company
issued two unsecured convertible promissory notes with a one-year maturity term (the Notes to the same Investor. The first
convertible promissory note Note #1 has an original principal amount of US and the Investor gave consideration
of US million, reflecting original issue discount of US and Investor s legal fee of US . The second convertible
promissory note Note #2 has an original principal amount of US and Investor gave consideration of US million,
reflecting original issue discount of US . 

On
August 19, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which the
Company issued an unsecured convertible promissory note with a maturity date of August 23, 2022 (the Note to the same
Investor. The Note has an original principal amount of US 
and Investor gave consideration of US 
million, reflecting original issue discount of US 
and Investor s legal fee of US .
On September 7, 2022, the Company signed an extension amendment (the First August Note Amendment with the Investor to
extend the maturity date to , thereby increasing the principal amount to .
On October 21, 2022, the Company signed a standstill agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor will not seek to
repayment of any portion of the note during the period from to . Thereafter, the Company signed a second extension amendment (the Second August Note Amendment dated as June 15,
2023, with the Investor to extend the maturity date to , thereby increasing the principal amount to . 

For
the above-mentioned convertible promissory notes issued, interest accrues on the outstanding balance of these notes at per annum.
 . 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company received principal in full from the Investor. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, a total of US 
and in amortization of the debt issuance and other costs from continuing operations was recorded on the consolidated statements of loss and
comprehensive loss, respectively. 

As
of June 30, 2023, shares of the Company s common stock totaling were issued by the Company to the Investor equaling principal
and interests amounted to US , and the Notes balance held for continuing operations was US , with a carrying value
of US , net of deferred financing costs of US was recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

on taxable income. Two VIEs receive a full income
tax exemption from the local tax authority of the PRC as agricultural enterprises as long as the favorable tax policy remains unchanged.
 . 

On
December 22, 2017, The Act was enacted. The Act imposes a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriation of historical earnings of foreign
subsidiaries, and future foreign earnings are subject to U.S. taxation. The change in rate has caused the Company to re-measure its income
tax liability and record an estimated income tax expense of US for the year ended June 30, 2018. In accordance with SAB 118,
additional work is necessary to do a more detailed analysis of The Act as well as potential correlative adjustments. Any subsequent adjustment
to these amounts will be recorded to current tax expense in fiscal 2019 when the analysis is complete. . 

Total income tax benefit 

Less: income tax expenses, held for discontinued operations 
 - 

Income tax expenses, held for continuing operations 
 
 - 

Inventory reserve 

Net operating loss carry-forwards 

Total 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liability: 

Intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liability 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liability, net 
 
 - 
 
 Less: deferred tax liability, net, held for discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liability, net, held for continuing operations 
 
 - 

Acquisition of Biowin 
 
 - 
 
 Current year addition (reduction) 

Exchange difference 

Ending balance 

Less: valuation allowance, held for discontinued operations 

Valuation allowance, held for continuing operations 
 
 - 

(b)
Value-Added Tax 

The
Company is subject to a VAT for selling goods. . The tax invoices may be issued subsequent to the date on which revenue is recognized, and there
may be a considerable delay between the date on which the revenue is recognized and the date on which the tax invoice is issued. 

In
the event that the PRC tax authorities dispute the date on which revenue is recognized for tax purposes, the PRC tax office has the right
to assess a penalty based on the amount of the taxes which are determined to be late or deficient, and the penalty will be expensed in
the period if and when a determination is made by the tax authorities. There were assessed penalties during the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

(c)
Taxes Payable 

Value added tax payable 

Business tax and other taxes payable 

Total tax payable 

Less: tax payable, held for discontinued operations 

Tax payable, held for continuing operations 

Income tax payable - current portion 

Less: income tax payable - current portion, held for discontinued operations 

Income tax payable - current portion, held for continuing operations 

Income tax payable - noncurrent portion 

Less: income tax payable - noncurrent portion, held for discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income tax payable - noncurrent portion, held for continuing operations 

shares of common stock at a price of US per share
for gross proceeds of US million and net proceeds of approximately US million. The Company s common shares began trading
on September 28, 2016 on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol TYHT. 

Statutory
Reserve 

The
Company is required to make appropriations to reserve funds, comprising the statutory surplus reserve and discretionary surplus reserve,
based on after-tax net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the PRC PRC GAAP ). 

Appropriations
to the statutory surplus reserve are required to be at least of the after-tax net income determined in accordance with PRC GAAP until
the reserve is equal to of the entities registered capital. Appropriations to the discretionary surplus reserve are made at
the discretion of the board of directors. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the balance of the required statutory reserves was US 
and US , respectively. 

On
July 10, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock, par value
 per share, with a market effective date of August 14, 2020 (the Reverse Stock Split ). As a result of the Reverse
Stock Split, each nine pre-split shares of common stock outstanding automatically combined and converted to one issued and outstanding
share of common stock without any action on the part of stockholders. No fractional shares of common stock were issued to any stockholders
in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Each stockholder was entitled to receive one share of common stock in lieu of the fractional
share that would have resulted from the Reverse Stock Split. The number of the Company s authorized common stock remained at 
shares, and the par value of the common stock following the Reverse Stock Split remained at per share. As of August 14, 2020 (immediately
prior to the effective date), there were shares of common stock outstanding, and the number of common stock outstanding after
the Reverse Stock Split was , taking into account of the effect of rounding fractional shares into whole shares. As a result
of the Reverse Stock Split, the Company s shares and per share data as reflected in the consolidated financial statements were
retroactively restated as if the transaction occurred at the beginning of the periods presented. 

On
April 10, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to selected investors at a price of US per share. The Company
received net proceeds of US and US was outstanding as of June 30, 2023. 

On
December 6, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with GHS Investments, LLC GHS ). Under the Purchase
Agreement, the Company sold GHS shares of its common stock at a per share purchase price of for gross proceeds of .
After the deduction of issuance cost, the Company received net proceeds of US . 

On
April 11, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Jing Wang (the Investor ).
Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company will sell to the Investor, up to shares (the Shares of its common stock
at a per share purchase price of (subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement) for gross proceeds of up to 
which were fully received, and the Shares were issued to the Investor on April 18, 2022. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Company entered into a certain stock purchase agreement with certain non-U.S. investors (the Purchasers ),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Purchasers agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 
shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at a price of US per share. In reliance on the Purchasers 
representations to the Company, the shares issued in this offering were not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to Regulation S promulgated thereunder. The Company s shareholders
approved the offer and sale of the Shares at a meeting of the shareholders of the Company that was held on July 21, 2022. The closing
for the offer and sale of the Shares occurred on July 26, 2022 and the Company issued the Shares in exchange for gross proceeds of 
million. 

On
July 21, 2022, the stockholders of the Company approved the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ),
pursuant to which shares of the Company s common stock will be made available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. Pursuant
to the terms of the 2022 Plan, no shares shall be granted on or after the date which is ten years from the effective date of the 2022
Plan. On July 27, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to the Company s
2022 Plan in the aggregate amount of shares (the Shares ). The fair value of the Shares was US based on
the fair value of share price US at July 21, 2022. The Shares were fully vested immediately on the issuance date. 

On
August 11, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain non-US
investors (the Investors ). Under the Purchase Agreement, the Company will sell to the Investors, up to shares
(the Shares of its common stock at a per share purchase price of (subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase
Agreement) for gross proceeds of up to US . In reliance on the Purchasers representations to the Company, the shares
issued in this offering were not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), pursuant to Regulation S promulgated thereunder. As of June 30, 2023, the subscription receivable was amounted to US 
which was recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. As the date of this report, the proceeds were fully collected. 

On
October 21, 2022, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Life Science, entered into a stock purchase agreement with the Seller
and Biowin, pursuant to which Life Science would acquire of the issued equity interests of Biowin from Seller. As the consideration
for the acquisition, the Company paid to Seller US million in cash and the Company issued shares of the Company s
common stock, par value US per share to the equity holders of Biowin or any persons designated by Biowin (Note 12). 

On
January 12, 2023, the Board of the Company approved the sales of shares of the Company s common stock to the Company s
employees for gross proceeds of up to US . As of June 30, 2023, the subscription receivable was amounted to US which was
recorded on the consolidated balance sheet, and the proceeds is expected to be fully collected by December 31, 2023. 

On
January 12, 2023, the Board of the Company approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock to the Company s
service provider as the compensation for service provided, with a value of US based on share price of US . All of the shares
were issued on January 12, 2023. 

On May 17, 2023, the Board
of Directors of the Company approved the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to the Company s 2022 Plan in the aggregate
amount of shares (the Shares ). The fair value of the Shares was US based on the fair value of share price
US at May 17, 2023. The Shares were issued on May 19, 2023. 

On
June 19, 2023, the Company entered into a certain securities purchase agreement (the SPA with a non-U.S. investor (the
 Buyer ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Buyer agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 
shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at a price of per share. The transaction contemplated by the SPA
was approved by the Company s board of directors at a board meeting on March 14, 2023. The Company has received gross proceeds
of million from the Purchasers and all of the Shares were issued on June 22, 2023. 

On
June 21, 2023, the Company entered into a certain stock purchase agreement (the Agreements with certain non-U.S. investors
(the Investors ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and the Investors agreed to purchase, severally and not
jointly, an aggregate of up to shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at a price of per share.
The transaction contemplated by the Agreement was approved by the Company s board of directors at a board meeting on June 8, 2023.
The Company has received gross proceeds of million from the Investors and all of the Shares were issued on June 22, 2023. 

and US as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The cash balance held in the PRC bank accounts from the discontinued
operations was US and US as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, almost of the Company s assets were located in the PRC and of the Company s
revenues were derived from its subsidiaries and VIEs located in the PRC. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, one customer accounted for approximately of the Company s total sales from the continuing operations,
respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2023, four customers accounted for approximately of the Company s total sales from
the discontinued operations, respectively. At June 30, 2023, three customers accounted for approximately of the Company s accounts
receivable from the continuing operations, and four customers accounted for approximately of the Company s accounts receivable
from the discontinued operations. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2022, no sales were generated from the continuing operations, and five customers accounted for approximately
 of the Company s total sales from the discontinued operations, respectively. At June 30, 2022, all accounts receivable were
held for the discontinued operations, and three customers accounted for approximately of the Company s accounts receivable
from the discontinued operations, respectively. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, four vendors accounted for approximately of the Company s total purchases from the continuing
operations, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2023, two vendors accounted for approximately of the Company s total
purchases from the discontinued operations, respectively. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2022, no purchases were made from the continuing operations, and one vendor accounted for approximately of
the Company s total purchases from the discontinued operations. 

million (approximately RMB million) as settlement payment, and
upon acceptance of the settlement payment from the Company, the Plaintiff waived, released, and forever discharged the Company from all
past and future claims. As of June 30, 2023, the Company has made the payments in full to the Plaintiff according to the Agreement. 

On November 26, 2021, the Company filed a complaint in the Supreme Court
of the State of New York, New York County against Lei Zhang and Yan Li, as defendants, and Transhare Corporation, as a nominal defendant,
asserting that defendants had not paid for certain restricted shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to stock purchase agreements
they executed with the Company. In December, defendants filed an answer and counterclaim against the Company, which they amended on January
27, 2022 after the Company moved to dismiss their counterclaims. They brought claims for, among others, breach of contract, breach of
the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and fraud, asserting that the Company made false and materially misleading statements, specifically
regarding the sale of such shares to Lei Zhang and Yan Li and the removal of their restrictive legends. Defendants are seeking money damages
of at least 9 million, punitive damages of 10 million, plus interest, costs, and fees. In April 2022, the Court granted the Company s
motion for a preliminary injunction to restrain the Company s transfer agent from removing the restrictive legends on the shares,
provided that the Company posts a bond, which the Company declined to do. On June 13, 2022, the restriction imposed on the shares were
lifted. 

Nominal defendant Transhare Corporation moved to dismiss the defendants 
counterclaim against it for wrongful refusal to remove restrictions pursuant to 6 Del. C. 8-401, and its motion was fully submitted
in April 2022. On September 9, 2022, the Court granted Transhare Corporation s motion to dismiss defendants counterclaim
for wrongful refusal to remove restrictions. Defendants have appealed the Court s September 9, 2022 order dismissing defendants 
counterclaim for wrongful refusal to remove restrictions. On October 3, 2022 the parties submitted a stipulation dismissing defendants 
outstanding counterclaim against Transhare Corporation seeking declaratory judgment. 

The Company remains engaged in litigation in Shineco, Inc. v. Lei Zhang,
et al. , Index No. 160669/2021 before the New York Supreme Court s Commercial Division. The note of issue date is November 15,
2023. The parties have not been able to reach a settlement. As of June 30, 2023, the total unpaid
shares issued to Lei Zhang and Yan Li by the Company was shares, and the subscription receivable was US which was recorded
on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Cost of revenue and related business and sales tax 

Gross profit (loss) 

Gross profit (loss) 

The
following table presents summarized information by segment for the year ended June 30, 2022: 

For the year ended June 30, 2022 

Continuing Operations 
 Discontinued Operations 

Rapid diagnostic and other 
 Luobuma 
 Other agricultural 
 Freight 

products 
 products 
 products 
 services 
 Total 
 
 Segment revenue 

Cost of revenue and related business and sales tax 

Gross profit (loss) 

Gross profit (loss) 

Total
assets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 were as follows: 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

Luobuma products 

Other agricultural products 

Freight services 

Rapid diagnostic and other products 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

Less: total assets held for discontinued operations 

Total assets, held for continuing operations 

of the equity interests in Ankang Longevity, and Ms. Xiaoyan
 Chen, who holds of the equity interests in Ankang Longevity (collectively, the Ankang Shareholders 

Yushe
 County Guangyuan Forest Development Co., Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC Guangyuan and 

Mr.
 Baolin Li, who is a minority shareholder of the Company and holds of the equity interests in Guangyuan, and Ms. Yufeng Zhang,
 who holds of the equity interests in Guangyuan (collectively, the Guangyuan Shareholders ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Restructuring Agreement, (i) the Company transferred all of its rights and interests in Ankang Longevity to the Guangyuan
Shareholders in exchange for the Guangyuan Shareholders entering into the VIE agreements with Tenet-Jove, which composes of one group
of similar identifiable assets; (ii) Tenet-Jove entered a Termination Agreement with Ankang Longevity and the Ankang Shareholders; (iii)
as a consideration to the Restructuring Agreement and based on a valuation report on the equity interests of Guangyuan issued by an independent
third party, Tenet-Jove relinquished all of its rights and interests in Ankang Longevity and transferred those rights and interests to
the Guangyuan Shareholders; and (iv) Guangyuan and the Guangyuan Shareholders entered into a series of variable interest entity agreements
with Tenet-Jove. 

After
signing of the Restructuring Agreement, the Company and the shareholders of Ankang and Guangyuan actively carried out the transferring
of rights and interests in Ankang and Guangyuan, and the transferring was completed subsequently on July 5, 2021. Afterwards, with the
completion of all other follow-ups works, on August 16, 2021, the Company, through its subsidiary Tenet-Jove, completed the previously
announced acquisition pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement dated June 8, 2021. The management determined that July 5, 2021 was the
disposal date of Ankang. 

On
May 29, 2023, Life Science HK entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Agreement with Dream Partner Limited, a BVI
corporation Dream Partner ), Chongqing Wintus Group, a corporation incorporated under the laws of mainland China Wintus and certain shareholders of Dream Partner (the Sellers ), pursuant to which Shineco Life shall acquire equity interest
in Wintus (the Acquisition ). On September 19, 2023, the Company closed the Acquisition. As the consideration for the Acquisition,
the Company (a) paid the Sellers an aggregate cash consideration of ; (b) issued certain shareholders,
as listed in the Agreement, an aggregate of shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock; and (c) transferred and
sold to the Sellers of the Company s equity interest in Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. 

In
accordance with ASU No. 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, a disposal
of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported as discontinued operations if the disposal
represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity s operations and financial results when the components
of an entity meets the criteria in paragraph 205-20-45-1E to be classified as held for sale. When all of the criteria to be classified
as held for sale are met, including management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the entity, the
major current assets, other assets, current liabilities, and non-current liabilities shall be reported as components of total assets
and liabilities separate from those balances of the continuing operations. At the same time, the results of all discontinued operations,
less applicable income taxes benefit, shall be reported as a component of net loss separate from the net loss of continuing operations
in accordance with ASC 205-20-45. The assets and liabilities of the Tenet-Jove Disposal Group have been reclassified as assets
of discontinued operations and liabilities of discontinued operations within current and non-current assets and
liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. The results of operations of Ankang Longevity
and Tenet-Jove Disposal Group have been reclassified to net loss from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements
of loss and comprehensive loss for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Accounts receivables, net 

Due from related parties 

Inventories, net 

Advances to suppliers, net 
 - 

Other current assets, net 

Total current assets of discontinued operation 

Property and equipment, net 

Long-term deposit and other noncurrent assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total assets of discontinued operation 

Liabilities of discontinued operation: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Advances from customers 
 - 

Due to related parties 

Other payables and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Taxes payable 

Total current liabilities of discontinued operation 

Operating lease liabilities - non-current 

Total liabilities of discontinued operation 

COST OF REVENUE 

Cost of product and services 

Stock written off due to natural disaster 

Business and sales related tax 

Total cost of revenue 

GROSS LOSS 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

Selling expenses 

Impairment loss of distribution rights 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Impairment loss on an unconsolidated entity 
 - 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest income (expense), net 

Total other loss 

LOSS BEFORE BENEFIT FOR INCOME TAXES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

BENEIFT FOR INCOME TAXES FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 - 

LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, NET OFF TAX 

LOSS ON DISPOSAL OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 - 

NET LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

NET LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHINECO, INC. 

shares (the Shares to its non-officer employees. The fair value of the
Shares was US based on the fair value of share price US at August 30, 2023. The Shares are expected to be issued in October
2023. 

On
May 29, 2023, Life Science HK entered into a stock purchase agreement (the Agreement with Dream Partner Limited, a BVI
corporation Dream Partner ), Chongqing Wintus Group, a corporation incorporated under the laws of mainland China Wintus and certain shareholders of Dream Partner (the Sellers ), pursuant to which Shineco Life shall acquire equity interest
in Wintus (the Acquisition ). The Acquisition was approved by the Board of Directors on the special meeting held on July
20, 2023. On September 19, 2023, the Company closed the Acquisition. As the consideration for the Acquisition, the Company (a) paid the
Sellers an aggregate cash consideration of ; (b) issued certain shareholders, as listed in the Agreement, an aggregate of 
shares of the Company s restricted Common Stock; and (c) transferred and sold to the Sellers of the Company s equity
interest in Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. 

These
consolidated financial statements were approved by management and available for issuance on September 28, 2023, and the Company has evaluated
subsequent events through this date. No subsequent events required adjustments to or disclosure in these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 44 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and ProcedureS 

(a) 
 Evaluation
 of Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that the information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on our review, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as
of the end of the period covered by this Report due to following material weaknesses: 

The
 Company does not have U.S. GAAP full-time qualified personnel in the accounting department to monitor the recording of the daily
 transactions; 

Lack
 of segregation of duties for accounting personnel who prepared and reviewed the journal entries. 

In
order to address the above material weaknesses, our management plans to take the following steps: 

Recruiting
 sufficient qualified professionals with appropriate levels of knowledge of U.S. GAAP and experience to assist in reviewing and resolving
 accounting issues in routine or complex transactions. To mitigate the reporting risks, we engaged an outside professional consulting
 firm to supplement our efforts to improve our internal control over financial reporting; 

Improving
 the communication between management, board of directors and the Chief Financial Officer; and 

Obtaining
 proper approval for other significant and non-routine transactions from the Board of Directors. 

The
Company believes the foregoing measures will remediate the identified material weaknesses in future periods. The Company is committed
to monitoring the effectiveness of these measures and making any changes that are necessary and appropriate. 

(b) 
 Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than described above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting during our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Because
of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting
may vary over time. Our system contains self-monitoring mechanisms, and actions are taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. 

(c) 
 Management s
 Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the Company. These controls are designed and implemented under the supervision of our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance to the management and our Board of Directors regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. 
 Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

42 

2. 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded properly to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S.
 GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors;
 and 

3. 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

As
of June 30, 2023, management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective
internal control over financial reporting established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on such evaluation, management
identified deficiencies that were determined to be material weaknesses. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Because of the following material weaknesses, management concluded that our internal controls over financial
reporting were ineffective as of June 30, 2020 : 

1. 
 We
 did not have sufficient skilled accounting personnel that are either qualified as Certified Public Accountants in the United States
 or that have received education from U.S. institutions or other educational programs that would provide adequate relevant education
 relating to U.S. GAAP. Our Chief Financial Officer has limited experience with U.S. GAAP and are not U.S. Certified Public Accountants.
 Furthermore, our operating subsidiaries are based in China and are therefore required to comply with PRC GAAP, rather than U.S. GAAP.
 Thus, the accounting skills and understanding necessary to fulfill the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting, including the preparation
 of consolidated financial statements, remain inadequate and thus constitute a material weakness. 

2. 
 Lack
 of segregation of duties for accounting personnel who prepared and reviewed the journal entries. 

3. 
 In
 addition, since we only completed the design of our internal controls and assessments for all of our financial reporting cycles in
 March 2012, we are not yet able to declare our controls as effective over a sufficient period of time in order to demonstrate the
 operating effectiveness of our controls as of June 30, 2020. Therefore, we have determined that such lack of time to evaluate the
 design and operating effectiveness of our controls is also a material weakness. 

In
an effort to remedy the foregoing material weaknesses in the future, we have started the second and third approaches, and we intend to
continue to do the following: 

Develop
 a comprehensive training and development plan for our finance, accounting and internal audit personnel, including our Chief Financial
 Officer and Controller, in the principles and rules of U.S. GAAP, SEC reporting requirements and the application thereof; 

Design
 and implement a program to provide ongoing company-wide training regarding our internal controls, with particular emphasis on our
 finance and accounting staff; 

43 

Implement
 an internal review process over financial reporting to review all recent accounting pronouncements and to verify that any accounting
 treatment identified in such report has been fully implemented and confirmed by our third-party consultant, and to continue to improve
 our ongoing review and supervision of our internal control over financial reporting; and 

Hire
 a full-time employee who possesses the requisite U.S. GAAP experience and education. 

Despite
the material weaknesses and deficiencies reported above, our management believes that our consolidated financial statements included
in this Report fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented and that this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual Report. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual
report. 

Item
 9b. 
 Other
 Information 

None 

Item
 9c. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

44 

Part
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

The
following table and text set forth the names and ages of all directors and executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report. There
are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. Each director is elected at our annual meeting of shareholders
and holds office until the next annual meeting of shareholders, or until his successor is elected and qualified. Also provided herein
are brief descriptions of the business experience of each director, executive officer and advisor during the past five years and an indication
of directorships held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities laws. None
of our officers or directors is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Role 
 
 Since 

Xiqiao
 Liu 
 
 43 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and Director 
 
 2022 

Sai
 (Sam) Wang 
 
 38 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 2015 

Jennifer
 Zhan 
 
 35 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 2021 

Jin
 Liu 
 
 57 
 
 Director
 (Independent) 
 
 2020 

Aamir
 Ali Quraishi 
 
 53 
 
 Director
 (Independent) 
 
 2022 

Mike
 Zhao 
 
 59 
 
 Chair
 of the Board (Independent) 
 
 2022 

Hu
 Li 
 
 49 
 
 Director
 (Independent) 
 
 2021 

Mr.
 Sai (Sam) Wang has been our CFO since 2015 and director since 2016. 

Xiqiao
Liu , age 43, has over 10 years of experience in investment and asset management. Since July 2017 , Mr. Liu has been serving as
the Deputy Director of the Board Office overseeing the financing and securities of the Company. From July 2015 to May 2017, Mr. Liu worked
as a fund manager at Shanghai Shunjia Industry Co., Ltd., a private equity fund. Mr. Liu has a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics from
Beijing Materials University specializing in stock options, and an MBA degree from Remin University of China. . 

Sai
(Sam) Wang , age 38, became our Chief Financial Officer in February 2015 and Director since 2016. Mr. Wang has worked for Shineco,
Inc. since 2011 where he served as Financial Controller until his appointment as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Wang has been the supervisory
director of Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. since 2014. He serves as the General Manager of Qingdao Yinghuanhai International
Logistics Co., Ltd. since 2012. Prior to joining Shineco, he worked for Citibank in Shenzhen from 2008 until 2011, where he served as
Manager of Corporate Finance. Mr. Wang obtained a Masters in Commerce with a concentration in applied finance from The University of
Queensland in 2010. In 2008, he received a bachelor s degree in Accounting from Griffith University in Australia. Mr. Wang was
chosen as a director because he has profound knowledge of our industry and he is experienced with our financial matters. 

45 

Jennifer
Zhan , age 35, was a founding partner of Tian Ang capital Beijing Investment Management Co., Ltd., a private equity investment
firm, since January 2018. Ms. Zhan was mainly responsible for the firm daily operation, team building, business expansion, and
its private equity investment in the medical and health field. From December 2017 to December 2018, Ms. Zhan served as Vice President
of CEB International, an investment company under China Everbright Bank. She was responsible for daily operation and management, established
good cooperative relationships with top domestic and foreign investment banks such as Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Guotai Junan, SDIC
China Merchants, Sequoia Capital, and established venture capital funds in cooperation with Shandong Yantai and other local governments.
From January 2015 to November 2017, Ms. Zhan was Deputy Director of Financial Law Division at Jingshi Law Firm, one of the top five law
firms in China with 2,000 practicing lawyers. From January 2010 to December 2014, Ms. Zhan served as Chief Business Officer of Greater
China at Japan Mitsubishi Japan Machinery Co., Ltd. Ms. Zhan obtained her bachelors degree in Business Administration from Beijing
Foreign Studies University in 2010 and is studying in the executive MBA program at ESC PAU Pau Business School, France. 

Jin
Liu , age 57, has served as Executive Vice-President of China Science Merchants Investment Management Group since 2014.
Mr. Liu has served as an independent director of JLU Communication (Symbol: 300597) since 2017. Mr. Liu has the certificate of independent
director of listed company issued by Shenzhen Stock Exchange and has experience in the design and transformation of corporate governance
structure, capital restructuring and M A. Mr. Liu received a Master Degree in economics from Dongbei University of Finance 
Economics. Mr. Liu was appointed as a Director of the Company because he is an expert in risk control, information disclosure, financial
management of domestic and foreign listed companies. 

Aamir
Ali Quraishi , age 53, has over 25 years of investment banking experience in Europe, Asia and the Middle East, having worked in
both bulge bracket and mid cap institutions. Since April 2021, Mr. Quraishi has been serving as the Non-Executive Chairman of Bowen Fintech
PLC, a London based special-purpose acquisition company. He started his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers and after achieving his Associate
Chartered Accountant, moved on to work for a number of years in the M A and Capital Markets divisions at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein
from 1996 to 2003 and then Libertas Capital Group Plc from 2003 to 2011. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Quraishi served as a Managing Director
of Teneo Capital LLC, a New York headquartered advisory and investment banking firm where he was responsible for the group s Gulf
Cooperation Council, Africa and Asia coverage. From 2018 to 2020, he served as a Board Director of a privately owned investment holdings
company with equity interests in public and private companies across several geographies and industry sectors, including healthcare,
mining, consumer and real estate. Mr. Quraishi has completed over USD 20 billion in transactions as of the date of this current report.
He graduated with a bachelor s degree in Economics from Cambridge University in the UK and remains a member of the Institute of
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 

Mike
Zhao , age 59. Since April, 2018, Mr. Zhao has served as the Director of New York Hua Yang, Inc., a leading real estate company
in New York. From July 2016 to March 2018, Mr. Zhao served as the Chief Executive Officer of TD Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ stock ticker:
GLG. Formerly known as China Commercial Credit Inc.). From September 2011 to July 2016, Mr. Zhao was appointed as the Chief Operating
Officer and a director of New York Hua Yang, Inc. Mr. Zhao has more the 20 years of management experience in diverse corporations and
financial service institutions, with a proven record of productivity, quality and integrity. Mr. Zhao obtained Master of Business Administration
degree with the highest honor from University of Bridgeport in Connecticut in May 2003. Mr. Zhao received the Bachelor of Science degree
from China Eastern Normal University in Shanghai, China in July 1985. 

Hu
Li, age 49, was the chief supervisor of Anhui Yihai Mining Equipment Co., Ltd., a public company in China NEEQ Market (Stock
Symbol: 831451) since February 2018. From September 2015 to February 2018, Mr. Li served as the Vice General Manager of Shaanxi Huipu
Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. He was responsible for daily operation and management and he carried out asset securitization and financial
leasing business. From April 2006 to September 2015, Mr. Li was the manager of international department and board secretary of Bodisen
Biotech Inc., an Amex listed company then. He was responsible for the company s financing and investor relations. From July 2000
to March 2006, Mr. Li served as international trading manager of at Yuan Dong Trading Co., Ltd. From September 1995 to June 2000, Mr.
Li worked as a bank clerk under the International Department in China Construction Bank, Xi an Branch. Mr. Li obtained his master s
degree in Business Administration from Xi an Technology University in 2008 and bachelor s degree from Xi an Fanyi University
in 1996. 

46 

Identification
of Significant Employees 

We
do not have employees who are not executive officers, but who are expected to make significant contributions to our business. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of the Company s knowledge, none of the following events occurred during the past ten years that are material to an evaluation
of the ability or integrity of any of our executive officers, directors or promoters : 

(1)
A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at
or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at
or within two years before the time of such filing; 

(2)
Convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
offenses); 

(3)
Subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

(i)
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity; 

(ii)
Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

(iii)
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

(4)
Subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (3)(i)
above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(5)
Found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law,
and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

(6)
Found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal
commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(7)
Subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

(i)
Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

(ii)
Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or
prohibition order; or 

(iii)
Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8)
Subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange,
association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

47 

Promoters
and Certain Control Persons 

None
of our management or other control persons were promoters (within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act), and
none of such persons took the initiative in the formation of our business or received any of our debt or equity securities or any of
the proceeds from the sale of such securities in exchange for the contribution of property or services, during the last five years. 

Board
of Directors and Board Committees 

Our
board of directors currently consists of seven directors, four of whom Jin Liu, Aamir Ali Quraishi, Hu Li, and Mike Zhao 
are independent, as such term is defined by The NASDAQ Capital Market. 

Mr.
Mike Zhao currently holds the position of Chairman of the Board. 

As
a smaller reporting company with a small board of directors, we believe it is appropriate to have the involvement and input of all of
our directors in risk oversight matters. 

Board
Committees 

We
have established three standing committees under the board: the audit committee, the compensation committee and the nominating committee.
Each committee has three members, and each member is independent, as such term is defined by The Nasdaq Capital Market. The audit committee
is responsible for overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of our company and audits of the financial statements
of our company, including the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of our independent auditors. The compensation committee
of the board of directors reviews and makes recommendations to the board regarding our compensation policies for our officers and all
forms of compensation, and also administers our incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans (but our board retains the authority
to interpret those plans). The nominating committee of the board of directors is responsible for the assessment of the performance of
the board, considering and making recommendations to the board with respect to the nominations or elections of directors and other governance
issues. The nominating committee considers diversity of opinion and experience when nominating directors. 

The
members of the audit committee, the compensation committee and the nominating committee are set forth below. All such members qualify
as independent under the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Director 
 
 Audit 
 Committee 
 
 Compensation
 Committee 
 
 Nominating
 Committee 
 
 Jin
 Liu 
 
 (1)(2)(3) 
 
 (1) 

Aamir
 Ali Quraishi 
 
 (1) 

(1)(2) 

Hu
 Li 
 
 (1) 
 
 (1) 

Mike
 Zhao 

(1)(2) 
 
 (1) 

(1) 
 Committee
 member 

(2) 
 Committee
 chair 

(3) 
 Our
 board has determined that we have at least one audit committee financial expert, as defined by the rules and regulations
 of the SEC and that is Jin Liu. 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act , as amended, requires our directors and certain of our officers, as well as persons who own more than
10 of a registered class of our equity securities Reporting Persons ), to file reports with the SEC. To our knowledge,
based solely on review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations that no other reports were required,
all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders were complied with
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

48 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller, or persons performing similar functions. We will provide a copy of our code of ethics to any person who requests a copy
in writing to the Secretary of the Company, including the e-mail address or facsimile number of the requesting party. Any written requests
should be mailed to us at Shineco, Inc., Room 3310, North Tower, Zhengda Center, No. 20, Jinhe East Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing,
People s Republic of China 100020. 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

The
following table shows the annual compensation paid by us for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 to Ms. Jennifer Zhan and Mr. Sai
(Sam) Wang, our principal executive officers. We are required to include the compensation of our CEO, regardless of his compensation. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary (1) ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Jennifer Zhan(CEO) 
 2022 
 60,000 

60,000 
 
 Jennifer Zhan(CEO) 
 2023 
 60,000 

60,000 
 
 Sai (Sam) Wang(CFO) 
 2022 
 96,000 

96,000 
 
 Sai (Sam) Wang(CFO) 
 2023 
 96,000 

96,000 

(1) 
 Salaries
 were paid in RMB. 

Employment
Agreements 

Generally 

Under
Chinese law, we may only terminate employment agreements without cause and without penalty by providing notice of non-renewal one month
prior to the date on which the employment agreement is scheduled to expire. If we fail to provide this notice or if we wish to terminate
an employment agreement in the absence of cause, then we are obligated to pay the employee one month s salary for each year we
have employed the employee. We are, however, permitted to terminate an employee for cause without penalty to our company, where the employee
has committed a crime or the employee s actions or inactions have resulted in a material adverse effect to us. At this time, we
have no employment agreements with any of our executive officers. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

There
was no equity awards granted to our officers or directors in the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Retirement
Plans 

We
currently have no plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits, or benefits that will be paid primarily following retirement,
including but not limited to tax-qualified defined benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement plans, tax-qualified defined contribution
plans and nonqualified defined contribution plans. 

Potential
Payments upon Termination or Change-in-Control 

We
currently have no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to a named executive
officer at, following, or in connection with any termination, including without limitation resignation, severance, retirement or a constructive
termination of a named executive officer, or a change in control of the Company or a change in the named executive officer s responsibilities,
with respect to each named executive officer. 

49 

Director
Compensation 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, we paid our independent directors an annual cash retainer of 10,000. In the future, we may also provide
stock, option or other equity-based incentives to our directors for their service. We also reimbursed our directors for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by them in connection with their services provided in such capacity. 

The
following table reflects all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Directors
who are also officers do not receive any additional compensation for their services as directors . 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Options Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) (1) 
 
 Xiqiao Liu 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 Sai (Sam) Wang 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 Jennifer Zhan 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 Jin Liu 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 Aamir
 Ali Quraishi 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 Hu Li 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 Mike Zhao 
 10,000 

10,000 

(1) 
 The
 compensation was paid in RMB and US . The amounts in the foregoing table have been converted into U.S. Dollar at the conversion rate
 at 1 RMB to 0.137 USD. 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information, as of September 27, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by any person
known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock, by directors and certain executive officers,
and by all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise noted, our officers and directors utilize the following
address for correspondence purposes: Shineco, Inc., T1, Jiazhaoye Square, Chaoyang District,
Beijing, People s Republic of China 100020 . 

Name and Address(1) 
 Title of 

 Class 

Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent ) of Class(2) 
 
 Xiqiao Liu 
 
 common 
 
 43,000 
 0.1 
 
 Sai (Sam) Wang 
 
 common 
 
 83,294 
 0.19 
 
 Jennifer Zhan 
 
 common 
 
 43,000 
 0.1 
 
 Jin Liu 
 
 common 
 
 0 

Yanzeng An 
 
 common 
 
 0 

Mike Zhao 
 
 common 
 
 0 

Hu Li 
 
 common 
 
 0 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (7 individuals in
 total) 
 
 common 
 
 169,294 
 0.39 

5 Shareholders Not Mentioned Above : 

Wu Hai Tao 
 
 common 
 
 3,000,000 
 6.84 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the address for each of the named beneficial owners is: c/o Shineco, Inc., T1, Jiazhaoye Square, Chaoyang District, Beijing, People s Republic of China 100022. 

(2) 
 The
 number and percentage of outstanding shares of common stock is based upon 43,840,642 shares outstanding as of September 28, 2023. 

50 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and director independence 

Our
audit committee is responsible for reviewing and approving all related party transactions that are required to be disclosed under the
applicable rules of the SEC and NASDAQ, when appropriate, and authorizing or ratifying all such transactions in accordance with written
policies and procedures established by our board of directors from time to time. The audit committee may approve or ratify related party
transaction only if it determines in good faith that under all the circumstances, the transaction is fair to us. 

A
director may vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested, provided, however that the nature of the interest
of any director in any such contract or transaction shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote on that matter.
A general notice or disclosure to the directors or otherwise contained in the minutes of a meeting or a written resolution of the directors
or any committee thereof of the nature of a director s interest shall be sufficient disclosure and after such general notice it
shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction. A director may be counted for a quorum upon a motion
in respect of any contract or arrangement which he shall make with our company, or in which he is so interested and may vote on such
motion. 

We
have a policy under which we are prohibited from making or renewing any personal loan to our executive officers or directors in accordance
with Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act. As of date of
this Report, all outstanding amounts due from any loans to executive officers or directors have been collected in full. 

TRANSACTIONS 

Members
of the current management team are the owners of the VIEs in the PRC (For additional details regarding the structure and ownership of
the VIEs, please refer to Item 1 Business ). 

On May 29, 2023,
the Board of the Company approved that we pledged the real estate property with a net book value of US 1,048,710 as collateral to guarantee
a personal loan of Mr. Yuying Zhang, the former chairman of the Board and legal representative of Tenet-Jove in exchange for the transfer
of the real estate title from Yuying Zhang to a subsidiary of the Company. Based on the memorandum entered between us and Yuying Zhang,
the related party, the related party is expected to repay his loan and release the pledge before May 31, 2024, and we have the right
to claim full compensation if the property is failed to be released by due date. On May 24, 2023, Yuying Zhang entered into a loan agreement
with Weiqing Guo, for a principal amount of 15,000,000 RMB and with a due date of May 23, 2023. On May 23, 2023, Yuying Zhang entered
into a supplementary agreement with Weiqing Guo, wherein the parties agreed to extend the due date of the principal amount from May 23,
2023 to May 23, 2024, and to provide a mortgage guarantee for the repayment of the principal amount. A copy of the translated pledge
agreement is attached herein as Exhibit 10.97 and a copy of the translated loan agreement and its translated supplementary agreement
is attached herein as Exhibit 10.98 and 10.99, respectively. 

In addition, the Company s
related parties provide guarantee for the Company s short-term bank loans (see Note 14). 

DUE
FROM RELATED PARTIES 

The
Company had previously made temporary advances to certain shareholders (listed below) of the Company and to other entities that are either
owned by family members of those shareholders or to other entities that the Company has investments in. Those advances are due on demand,
non-interest bearing. 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the outstanding amounts due from related parties consisted of the following: 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

Zhao Min 
 - 
 1,410 
 
 Shanghai Gaojing Private Fund Management (a.) 
 396,938 
 429,998 
 
 Zhongjian Yijia Health Technology (Qingdao) Co., Ltd. Zhongjian Yijia (b.) 
 1,441,485 
 1,719,568 
 
 Zhongjian (Qingdao) International Logistics Development Co., Ltd. Zhongjian International (c.) 
 4,534,211 
 4,644,011 
 
 Subtotal 
 6,372,634 
 6,794,987 
 
 Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (1,838,423 
 - 
 
 Total due from related parties, net 
 4,534,211 
 6,794,987 
 
 Less: due from related parties, held for discontinued operations 
 (4,534,211 
 (6,794,987 
 
 Due from related parties, held for continuing operations 
 - 
 - 

a. 
 The Company owns 32 equity
 interest in this company. Those advances are due on demand and non-interest bearing (Note 10). The Company made a full impairment
 on this investment and fully recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts for the amount due from this company as of June 30, 2023. 

b. 
 On
 September 17, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Zhongjian Yijia to with an amount of US 1,642,355 (RMB 11.0 million)
 for its working capital for one year, with a maturity date of September 16, 2022. The loans bore a fixed annual interest rate of
 6.0 per annum. The Company recorded interest receivable amounted to US 77,213 as of June 30, 2022. Upon maturity date, the Company
 signed a loan extension agreement with this related party to extend the loan repayment by installments, among which, US 206,738 (RMB
 1.5 million) will be paid by September 30, 2022, US 689,128 (RMB 5.0 million) will be paid by December 31, 2022, and the remaining
 loan and unpaid interest will be paid by June 30, 2023. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company received payment of US 
 206,738 (RMB 1.5 million) from this related party. However, due to the impact from COVID-19, the Company did not receive the remaining
 installment repayment and unpaid interests according to the loan agreements, hence, the Company recorded allowance according to the
 Company s accounting policy based on its best estimates. As of June 30, 2023, the total outstanding balance including the principal
 and interest was amounted to US 1,441,485 (approximately 10.5 million) as of June 30, 2023, and the management fully recorded an
 allowance for doubtful accounts as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 Interest
 income was US 63,519 and US 80,113 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

c. 
 On
 October 28, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Zhongjian International to with an amount of US 4,334,401 (RMB 29.9
 million) for its working capital for one year, with a maturity date of October 27, 2022. The loans bore a fixed annual interest rate
 of 6.0 per annum. Upon maturity date, the Company signed a loan extension agreement with this related party to extend the loan for
 another year with the new maturity date of October 27, 2023. The total outstanding balance including the principal and interest were
 amounted to US 4,534,211 and US 4,644,011 as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Interest
 income was US 258,034 and US 186,543 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

51 

DUE
TO RELATED PARTIES 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had related party payables held for continuing operations of US 48,046 and US 96,081, respectively.
As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had related party payables held for discontinued operations of US 2,431,191 and US 2,702,719,
respectively. Due to related parties are mainly due to the principal stockholders or certain relatives of the stockholders, and senior
management of the Company who lend funds for the Company s operations. The payables are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due
on demand. 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

Wu Yang 
 - 
 95,630 
 
 Wang Sai 
 - 
 96,081 
 
 Li Baolin 
 1,930 
 - 
 
 Zhao Min (a.) 
 409,345 
 562,528 
 
 Zhou Shunfang (b.) 
 2,019,916 
 2,044,561 
 
 Huang Shanchun 
 28,651 
 - 
 
 Liu Fengming 
 4,779 
 - 
 
 Yan Lixia 
 742 
 - 
 
 Zhan Jiarui 
 1,761 
 - 
 
 Liu Xinqiao 
 2,113 
 - 
 
 Mike Zhao 
 10,000 
 - 
 
 Total due to related parties 
 2,479,237 
 2,798,800 
 
 Less: due to related parties, held for discontinued operations 
 (2,431,191 
 (2,702,719 
 
 Due to related parties, held for continuing operations 
 48,046 
 96,081 

a. 
 During the year ended June
 30, 2022, the Company entered into a series of loan agreements with Zhao Min to borrow an aggregated amount of US 365,797 (RMB 2.45
 million) for the Company s working capital needs for three months, with a maturity date range between July 2022 to September
 2022. The loans bore a fixed annual interest rate of 5.0 per annum. Upon maturity date, the Company signed loan extension agreements
 with Zhao Min to extend the loan period till no later than December 31, 2023, with the same interest rate of 5.0 per annum. During
 the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company borrowed additional loan of US 27,565 (RMB 0.2 million), resulted a total outstanding balance
 including principal and the interest of US 379,217 as of June 30, 2023. 

b. 
 During the year ended June
 30, 2022, the Company entered into a series of loan agreements with Zhou Shunfang to borrow an aggregated amount of US 1,269,092
 (RMB 8.5 million) for the Company s working capital needs for less than one year, with a maturity date range on March 31, 2022.
 The loans bore a fixed annual interest rate of 20.0 per annum. All loans were fully repaid by the Company upon their maturity. 

Interest
expenses on loans due to related parties were US 21,766 and US 442,241 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

SALES
TO RELATED PARTIES 

For
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, no sales to related parties or balance of accounts receivables were from continuing
operations and discontinued
operations . 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for audit and other services provided by Assentsure PAC, our independent
accountants, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively : 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees(1) 
 250,000 
 200,000 
 
 Audit-related Fees(2) 
 9,200 
 8,900 
 
 Total 
 259,200 
 208,900 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and services that are normally provided by independent auditors in connection with statutory and
 regulatory filings or the engagement for fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose
 during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related
 Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by our independent auditor that are reasonably related
 to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
 The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC. 

(3) 
 Tax
 Fees This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance and tax
 advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

(4) 
 All
 Other Fees This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items such as travel and out-of-pocket expenses. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures of the Audit Committee 

Our
Audit Committee approves the engagement of our independent auditors and is also required to pre-approve all audit and non-audit expenses.
Prior to engaging its accountants to perform particular services, our Audit Committee obtains an estimate for the service to be performed.
All of the services described above were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its procedure. 

52 

Part
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

The
following documents are filed herewith: 

Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Shineco, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Shineco, Inc.(Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 27, 2016 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

4.2 
 
 2016 Share Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC September 28, 2016) 

4.3 
 
 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Form S-8 filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022.) 

4.4 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note, dated September 7, 2022 

4.5 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note, dated September 7, 2022 

4.6 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note, dated June 15, 2023 

4.7 
 
 Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note, dated June 15, 2023 

4.8 
 
 2023 Equity Incentive Plan 

10.1 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. and Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 24, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.2 
 
 Timely Reporting Agreement between Shineco Inc. and Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated July 3, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.3 
 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement among Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Wang Qiwei, Wang Sai, Yin Weixing, Liu Yu, Zhou Qi, Yang Chunhong, and Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 24, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.4 
 
 Exclusive Option Agreement among Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Wang Qiwei, Wang Sai, Yin Weixing, Liu Yu, Zhou Qi, Yang Chunhong (Shareholders from Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd.), and Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 24, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.5 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Yang Chunhong and Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 24, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.6 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Yin Weixing and Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 24, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.7 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Liu Yu and Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 24, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.8 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Qiwei and Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 24, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.9 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Sai and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 24, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

53 

10.10 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Zhou Qi and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Shineco Zhisheng (Beijing) Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. dated February 24, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.11 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. and Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.12 
 
 Timely Reporting Agreement between Shineco Inc. and Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated July 3, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.13 
 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement among Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Wang Qiwei, Wang Sai, Yin Weixing, Zhang Weisheng, Zhou Qi, Yang Chunhong, and Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.14 
 
 Exclusive Option Agreement among Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Wang Qiwei, Wang Sai, Yin Weixing, Zhang Weisheng, Zhou Qi, Yang Chunhong, and Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.15 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Zhou Qi and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.16 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Zhang Weisheng and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.17 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Yang Chunhong and Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.18 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Qiwei and Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.19 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Sai and Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.20 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Yin Weixing and Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.21 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. and Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.22 
 
 Timely Reporting Agreement between Shineco Inc. and Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated July 3, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.23 
 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement among Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Wang Qiwei, Wang Sai, Yin Weixing, Zhang Weisheng, Zhou Qi, Yang Chunhong, and Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.24 
 
 Exclusive Option Agreement among Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Wang Qiwei, Wang Sai, Yin Weixing, Zhang Weisheng, Zhou Qi, Yang Chunhong, and Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

54 

10.25 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Zhang Weisheng and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.26 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Zhou Qi and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.27 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Qiwei and Beijing Tenet Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.28 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Yin Weixing and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.29 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Sai and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.30 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Yang Chunhong and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Zhisheng International Trade Co., Ltd. dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.31 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. and Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Co., Ltd. dated May 24, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.32 
 
 Timely Reporting Agreement between Shineco Inc. and Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Co., Ltd. dated July 3, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.33 
 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement among Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Wang Qiwei, Wang Sai, Yin Weixing, Zhang Weisheng, Zhou Qi, Yang Chunhong, and Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Co., Ltd. dated May 24, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.34 
 
 Exclusive Option Agreement among Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Wang Qiwei, Wang Sai, Yin Weixing, Zhang Weisheng, Zhou Qi, Yang Chunhong, and Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Co., Ltd. dated May 24, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.35 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Sai and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services Co., Ltd. dated May 24, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.36 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Qiwei and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services Co., Ltd. dated May 24, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.37 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Yin Weixing and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Co., Ltd. dated May 24, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.38 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Zhang Weisheng and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Co., Ltd. dated May 24, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.39 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Zhou Qi and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Co., Ltd. dated May 24, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.40 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Yang Chunhong and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Qingdao Zhihesheng Agricultural Produce Services, Co., Ltd. dated May 24, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

55 

10.41 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. and Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.42 
 
 Timely Reporting Agreement between Shineco Inc. and Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative dated July 3, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.43 
 
 Guarantee Agreement among Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Wang Qiwei, and Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.44 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Zhang Weisheng and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.45 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Yin Weixing and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.46 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Sai and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.47 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Wang Qiwei and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative dated June 16, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.48 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. and Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. dated December 31, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.49 
 
 Timely Reporting Agreement between Shineco Inc. and Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. dated July 3, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.50 
 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement among Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Chen Jiping, Chen Xiaoyan, and Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. dated December 31, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.51 
 
 Exclusive Option Agreement among Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd., Chen Jiping, Chen Xiaoyan, and Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. dated December 31, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.52 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Chen Xiaoyan and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. dated December 31, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.53 
 
 Power of Attorney by and between Chen Jiping and Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. regarding shareholding of Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. dated December 31, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.54 
 
 Summary translation of Cooperation Agreement between Shaanxi Pharmacy Sunsimiao Drugstore Chain Co., Ltd. and Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. dated September 27, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

56 

10.55 
 
 Summary translation of Cooperation Agreement between Shaanxi Pharmacy Holding Group Xi an Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. dated September 27, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.56 
 
 Summary translation of Loan Contract between Beijing Tenet-Jove Technological Development Co., Ltd. and Beijing Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. Tiantongyuan Branch dated December 31, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.57 
 
 Summary translation of Project Shares Purchase Contract among Yantai Zhisheng International Freight Forwarding Co., Ltd., Yantai Mouping District Zhisheng Agricultural Produce Cooperative and Zhejiang Zhen Ai Network Warehousing Services Co., Ltd. dated October 21, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.58 
 
 Summary translation of Contractual Management/Operation Agreement between Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical Group Chain Co., Ltd. and Qiu Haiyin dated March 1, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.59 
 
 Summary translation of Supplementary Agreement between Ankang Longevity Pharmaceutical Group Chain Co., Ltd. and Qiu Haiyin dated February 28, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 1, 2015 (Registration No. 333-202803)) 

10.60 
 
 Form of Independent Director Engagement Letter (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC September 28, 2016) 

10.61 
 
 2016 Share Incentive Plan (included in Exhibit 4.2) (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC September 28, 2016) 

10.62 
 
 Translated Definitive Share Exchange and Acquisition Agreement between Xinjiang Taihe and Western Xinjiang Tiansheng Agricultural Development Co., Ltd., dated December 6, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 11, 2017) 

10.63 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and IFG Opportunity Fund LLC, dated January 23, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2018) 

10.64 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and IFG Opportunity Fund LLC, dated January 23, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2018) 

10.65 
 
 Termination Agreement between the Company and IFG Opportunity Fund LLC, dated July 3, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 5, 2018) 

10.66 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement among the Company and selected investors, dated September 27, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2018) 

10.67 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 10, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 15, 2020) 

10.68 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the Purchasers dated April 14, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021) 

10.69 
 
 Employment Agreement dated May 6, 2021 by and between Shineco, Inc. and Ou Yang (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021) 

10.70 
 
 English translation of the Restructuring Agreement, dated June 8, 2021, by and among the Company, Tenet-Jove, Ankang Longevity, the Ankang Shareholders, Guangyuan, and the Guangyuan Shareholders (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2022) 

10.71 
 
 Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated June 8, 2021, by and between Tenet-Jove and Guangyuan (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021) 

57 

10.72 
 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated June 8, 2021, by and among Tenet-Jove, Guangyuan, and the Guangyuan Shareholder (Baolin Li) (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021) 

10.73 
 
 Equity Interest Pledge Agreement, dated June 8, 2021, by and among Tenet-Jove, Guangyuan, and the Guangyuan Shareholder (Yufeng Zhang) (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021) 

10.74 
 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated June 8, 2021, by and among Tenet-Jove, Guangyuan, and the Guangyuan Shareholder (Baolin Li) (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021) 

10.75 
 
 Exclusive Option Agreement, dated June 8, 2021, by and among Tenet-Jove, Guangyuan, and the Guangyuan Shareholder (Yufeng Zhang) (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021) 

10.76 
 
 Power of Attorney, dated June 8, 2021, by and between the Guangyuan Shareholder (Baolin Li) and Tenet-Jove (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021) 

10.77 
 
 Power of Attorney, dated June 8, 2021, by and between the Guangyuan Shareholder (Yufeng Zhang) and Tenet-Jove (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021) 

10.78 
 
 English translation of the Termination Agreement, dated June 8, 2021, by and among Tenet-Jove, Ankang Longevity, and the Ankang Shareholders (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021) 

10.79 
 
 Director Offer Letter dated July 14, 2021 by and between Shineco, Inc. and Jennifer Zhan (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 15, 2021) 

10.80 
 
 Director Offer Letter dated July 14, 2021 by and between Shineco, Inc. and Mike Zhao (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 15, 2021) 

10.81 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July 15, 2021 by and between Shineco, Inc. and Jennifer Zhan (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2021) 

10.82 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated June 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2021) 

10.83 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note #1 dated July 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2021) 

10.84 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note #2 dated July 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2021) 

10.85 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Shineco, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC dated June 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2021) 

10.86 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Shineco, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC dated July 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2021) 

10.87 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated August 19, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021) 

10.88 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Shineco, Inc., and Streeterville Capital, LLC dated August 19, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021) 

10.89 
 
 Offer Letter dated September 2, 2021, by and between Shineco, Inc., and Mr. Hu Li (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2021) 

10.90 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Shineco, Inc., and GHS Investments, LLC, dated December 6, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 6, 2021) 

10.91 
 
 Form of Share Transfer Agreements by and between Shineco, Inc., and Beijing Qing Chuang Technology Incubator Co., Ltd., Hangzhou Sheng Dou Shi Bio Technology Co., Ltd. and Peng He, respectively, dated January 18, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 19, 2022) 

10.92 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Shineco, Inc., and Jing Wang dated as of April 11, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 14, 2022) 

10.93 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Shineco, Inc., and the Purchasers dated as of June 13, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 17, 2022) 

10.94 
 
 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25, 2022) 

58 

10.95 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Shineco, Inc., and the Investors dated as of August 11, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2022) 

10.96 
 
 Director Offer Letter dated August 17, 2022, by and between Shineco, Inc., and Aamir Ali Quraishi (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2022) 

10.97 
 
 English translation of the Pledge Agreement dated May 29, 2023, by and between Beijing Shineco Chiongshi Information Consulting Co. Ltd. and Weiqing Guo 

10.98 
 
 English translation of the Loan Agreement dated May 24, 2022, by and between Yuying Zhang and Weiqing Guo 

10.99 
 
 English translation of the Supplementary Agreement dated May 23, 2023, by and between Yuying Zhang and Weiqing Guo 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC September 28, 2016) 

21.1 
 
 List
 of subsidiaries of the Company. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Assentsure PAC, current Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of CEO pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of CFO pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certifications of CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

The
 certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 accompany this annual report on Form 10-K pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant
 for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

Not
applicable. 

59 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SHINECO,
 INC. 
 (Registrant) 

Date:
 September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jennifer Zhan 

Jennifer
 Zhan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sai (Sam) Wang 

Sai
 (Sam) Wang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jennifer Zhan 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Jennifer
 Zhan 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Sai (Sam) Wang 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Sai
 (Sam) Wang 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Jin Liu 
 
 Director

September
 28, 2023 
 
 Jin
 Liu 

/s/
 Xiqiao Liu 
 
 Director

September
 28, 2023 
 
 Xiqiao
 Liu 

/s/
 Aamir Ali Quraishi 
 
 Director

September
 28, 2023 
 
 Aamir
 Ali Quraishi 

/s/
 Hu Li 
 
 Director

September
 28, 2023 
 
 Hu
 Li 

/s/
 Mike Zhao 
 
 Chairman 
 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Mike
 Zhao 

60 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit 4.4 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit 4.5 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-4.6>
 4
 ex4-6.htm

Exhibit 4.6 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-4.7>
 5
 ex4-7.htm

Exhibit 4.7 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-4.8>
 6
 ex4-8.htm

Exhibit
4.8 

SHINECO,
INC. 

 2023
SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN 

1. 
 Purpose
 of the Plan. 

This
2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan is intended as an incentive, to retain in the employment of and as directors,
officers, consultants, advisors and employees to Shineco, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and any Subsidiary
of the Company, within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ),
persons of training, experience and ability, to attract new directors, officers, consultants, advisors and employees whose services are
considered valuable, to encourage the sense of proprietorship and to stimulate the active interest of such persons in the development
and financial success of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

It
is further intended that certain options granted pursuant to the Plan shall constitute incentive stock options within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Code (the Incentive Options while certain other options granted pursuant to the Plan shall be
nonqualified stock options (the Nonqualified Options ). Incentive Options and Nonqualified Options are hereinafter
referred to collectively as Options . 

The
Company intends that the Plan meet the requirements of Rule 16b-3 Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and that transactions of the type specified in subparagraphs
(c) to (f) inclusive of Rule 16b-3 by officers and directors of the Company pursuant to the Plan will be exempt from the operation of
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. In all cases, the terms, provisions, conditions and limitations of the Plan shall be construed and
interpreted consistent with the Company s intent as stated in this Section 1. 

2. 
 Administration
 of the Plan. 

The
authority to manage the operation of and administer the Plan shall be vested in the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or the Compensation Committee (the Committee as delegated by the Board. The Board or Committee if so delegated
by the Board shall be hereinafter referred to as the Administrator. To qualify as the Administrator, the Committee shall
consist of and maintain two or more directors who are (i) Independent Directors (as such term is defined under the rules
of the NASDAQ Stock Market) and (ii) Non-Employee Directors (as such term is defined in Rule 16b-3), which shall serve
at the pleasure of the Board. The Administrator subject to Sections 3, 5 and 6 hereof, shall have full power and authority to designate
recipients of Options and restricted stock Restricted Stock ), and to determine the terms and conditions of the
respective Option and Restricted Stock agreements (which need not be identical) and to interpret the provisions and supervise the administration
of the Plan. The Administrator shall have the authority, without limitation, to designate which Options granted under the Plan shall
be Incentive Options and which shall be Nonqualified Options. To the extent any Option does not qualify as an Incentive Option, it shall
constitute a separate Nonqualified Option. 

Subject
to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall interpret the Plan and all Options and Restricted Stock (the Securities granted under the Plan, shall make such rules as it deems necessary for the proper administration of the Plan, shall make all other determinations
necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan and shall correct any defects or supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency
in the Plan or in any Securities granted under the Plan in the manner and to the extent that the Administrator deems desirable to carry
into effect the Plan or any Securities. The act or determination of a majority of the Administrator shall be the act or determination
of the Administrator and any decision reduced to writing and signed by all of the members of the Administrator shall be fully effective
as if it had been made by a majority of the Administrator at a meeting duly held for such purpose. Subject to the provisions of the Plan,
any action taken or determination made by the Administrator pursuant to this and the other Sections of the Plan shall be conclusive on
all parties. 

In
the event that for any reason the Committee is unable to act or if the Committee at the time of any grant, award or other acquisition
under the Plan does not consist of two or more Non-Employee Directors, or if there shall be no such Committee, or if the Board otherwise
determines to administer the Plan, then the Plan shall be administered by the Board and any such grant, award or other acquisition may
be approved or ratified in any other manner contemplated by subparagraph (d) of Rule 16b-3. 

3. 
 Designation
 of Optionees and Grantees. 

The
persons eligible for participation in the Plan as recipients of Options (the Optionees or Restricted Stock (the
 Grantees and together with Optionees, the Participants shall include directors, officers and
employees of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company or any Subsidiary; provided that Incentive Options may only be granted to
employees of the Company and any Subsidiary. In selecting Participants, and in determining the number of shares to be covered by each
Option or award of Restricted Stock granted to Participants, the Administrator may consider any factors it deems relevant, including,
without limitation, the office or position held by the Participant or the Participant s relationship to the Company, the Participant s
degree of responsibility for and contribution to the growth and success of the Company or any Subsidiary, the Participant s length
of service, promotions and potential. A Participant who has been granted an Option or Restricted Stock hereunder may be granted an additional
Option or Options, or Restricted Stock if the Administrator shall so determine. 

4. 
 Stock
 Reserved for the Plan. 

Subject
to adjustment as provided in Section 8 hereof, a maximum of 4,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per
share (the Common Stock ), shall be subject to the Plan. The shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan shall consist
of unissued shares, treasury shares or previously issued shares held by any Subsidiary of the Company, and such number of shares of Common
Stock shall be and is hereby reserved for such purpose. Any of such shares of Common Stock that may remain unissued and that are not
subject to outstanding Options at the termination of the Plan shall cease to be reserved for the purposes of the Plan, but until termination
of the Plan the Company shall at all times reserve a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to meet the requirements of the Plan.
Should any Securities expire or be canceled prior to its exercise, satisfaction of conditions or vesting in full, as applicable, or should
the number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon the exercise or vesting in full of an Option or award of Restricted Stock be
reduced for any reason, the shares of Common Stock theretofore subject to such Option or Restricted Stock, as applicable, may be subject
to future Options or Restricted Stock under the Plan. 

5. 
 Terms
 and Conditions of Options. 

Options
granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following conditions and shall contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent
with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable: 

(a)
 Option Price . The purchase price of each share of Common Stock purchasable under an Incentive Option shall be determined by the
Administrator at the time of grant, but shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) of such share of Common
Stock on the date the Option is granted; provided , however , that with respect to an Optionee who, at the time such Incentive
Option is granted, owns (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes
of stock of the Company or of any Subsidiary, the purchase price per share of Common Stock shall be at least 110 of the Fair Market
Value per share of Common Stock on the date of grant. The purchase price of each share of Common Stock purchasable under a Nonqualified
Option shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of such share of Common Stock on the date the Option is granted. The exercise
price for each Option shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8 below. Fair Market Value means the
closing price on the final trading day immediately prior to the grant date of the Common Stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market or other
principal securities exchange on which shares of Common Stock are listed (if the shares of Common Stock are so listed), or, if not so
listed, the mean between the closing bid and asked prices of publicly traded shares of Common Stock in the over the counter market, or,
if such bid and asked prices shall not be available, as reported by any nationally recognized quotation service selected by the Company,
or as determined by the Administrator in a manner consistent with the provisions of the Code. Anything in this Section 5(a) to the contrary
notwithstanding, in no event shall the purchase price of a share of Common Stock be less than the minimum price permitted under the rules
and policies of any national securities exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are listed. 

(b)
 Option Term . The term of each Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Option shall be exercisable more than ten years
after the date such Option is granted and in the case of an Incentive Option granted to an Optionee who, at the time such Incentive Option
is granted, owns (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of
stock of the Company or of any Subsidiary, no such Incentive Option shall be exercisable more than five years after the date such Incentive
Option is granted. 

(c)
 Exercisability . Subject to Section 5(j) hereof, Options shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and
conditions as shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of grant; provided , however , that in the absence of
any Option vesting periods designated by the Administrator at the time of grant, Options shall vest and become exercisable as to one-third
of the total number of shares subject to the Option on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant; and provided
further that no Options shall be exercisable until such time as any vesting limitation required by Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and
related rules, shall be satisfied if such limitation shall be required for continued validity of the exemption provided under Rule 16b-3(d)(3). 

Upon
the occurrence of a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined), the Administrator may accelerate the vesting and exercisability
of outstanding Options, in whole or in part, as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. In its sole discretion, the Administrator
may also determine that, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, each outstanding Option shall terminate within a specified number
of days after notice to the Optionee thereunder, and each such Optionee shall receive, with respect to each share of Common Stock subject
to such Option, an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of such shares immediately prior to such Change in Control over
the exercise price per share of such Option; such amount shall be payable in cash, in one or more kinds of property (including the property,
if any, payable in the transaction) or a combination thereof, as the Administrator shall determine in its sole discretion. 

For
purposes of the Plan, unless otherwise defined in an employment agreement between the Company and the relevant Optionee, a Change in
Control shall be deemed to have occurred if: 

(i)
a tender offer (or series of related offers) shall be made and consummated for the ownership of 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the Company, unless as a result of such tender offer more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving
or resulting corporation shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the
commencement of such offer), any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their affiliates; 

(ii)
the Company shall be merged or consolidated with another corporation, unless as a result of such merger or consolidation more than 50 
of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving or resulting corporation shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of
the Company (as of the time immediately prior to such transaction), any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and
their affiliates; 

(iii)
the Company shall sell substantially all of its assets to another corporation that is not wholly owned by the Company, unless as a result
of such sale more than 50 of such assets shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Company (as of the time immediately
prior to such transaction), any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries and their affiliates; or 

(iv)
a Person (as defined below) shall acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the Company (whether directly, indirectly,
beneficially or of record), unless as a result of such acquisition more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of the surviving
or resulting corporation shall be owned in the aggregate by the stockholders of the Company (as of the time immediately prior to the
first acquisition of such securities by such Person), any employee benefit plan of the Company or its Subsidiaries, and their affiliates. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if Change of Control is defined in an employment agreement between the Company and the relevant Optionee, then, with respect
to such Optionee, Change of Control shall have the meaning ascribed to it in such employment agreement. 

For
purposes of this Section 5(c), ownership of voting securities shall take into account and shall include ownership as determined by applying
the provisions of Rule 13d-3(d)(I)(i) (as in effect on the date hereof) under the Exchange Act. In addition, for such purposes, Person 
shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof; provided ,
 however , that a Person shall not include (A) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (B) a trustee or other fiduciary holding
securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (C) an underwriter temporarily holding securities
pursuant to an offering of such securities; or (D) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportion as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

(d)
 Method of Exercise . Options to the extent then exercisable may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the option
period, by giving written notice to the Company specifying the number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased, accompanied by payment
in full of the purchase price, in cash, or by check or such other instrument as may be acceptable to the Administrator. As determined
by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, at or after grant, payment in full or in part may be made at the election of the Optionee
(i) in the form of Common Stock owned by the Optionee (based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock which is not the subject of
any pledge or security interest, (ii) in the form of shares of Common Stock withheld by the Company from the shares of Common Stock otherwise
to be received with such withheld shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the exercise price of the Option, or (iii)
by a combination of the foregoing, such Fair Market Value determined by applying the principles set forth in Section 5(a), provided that
the combined value of all cash and cash equivalents and the Fair Market Value of any shares surrendered to the Company is at least equal
to such exercise price and except with respect to (ii) above, such method of payment will not cause a disqualifying disposition of all
or a portion of the Common Stock received upon exercise of an Incentive Option. An Optionee shall have the right to dividends and other
rights of a stockholder with respect to shares of Common Stock purchased upon exercise of an Option at such time as the Optionee (i)
has given written notice of exercise and has paid in full for such shares, and (ii) has satisfied such conditions that may be imposed
by the Company with respect to the withholding of taxes. 

(e)
 Non-transferability of Options . Options are not transferable and may be exercised solely by the Optionee during his lifetime or
after his death by the person or persons entitled thereto under his will or the laws of descent and distribution. The Administrator,
in its sole discretion, may permit a transfer of a Nonqualified Option to (i) a trust for the benefit of the Optionee, (ii) a member
of the Optionee s immediate family (or a trust for his or her benefit) or (iii) pursuant to a domestic relations order. Any attempt
to transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of, or to subject to execution, attachment or similar process, any Option contrary to
the provisions hereof shall be void and ineffective and shall give no right to the purported transferee. 

(f)
 Termination by Death . Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, if any Optionee s employment with or service to
the Company or any Subsidiary terminates by reason of death, the Option may thereafter be exercised, to the extent then exercisable (or
on such accelerated basis as the Administrator shall determine at or after grant), by the legal representative of the estate or by the
legatee of the Optionee under the will of the Optionee, for a period of one (1) year after the date of such death (or, if later, such
time as the Option may be exercised pursuant to Section 14(d) hereof) or until the expiration of the stated term of such Option as provided
under the Plan, whichever period is shorter. 

(g)
 Termination by Reason of Disability . Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, if any Optionee s employment with
or service to the Company or any Subsidiary terminates by reason of Disability (as defined below), then any Option held by such Optionee
may thereafter be exercised, to the extent it was exercisable at the time of termination due to Disability (or on such accelerated basis
as the Administrator shall determine at or after grant), but may not be exercised after ninety (90) days after the date of such termination
of employment or service (or, if later, such time as the Option may be exercised pursuant to Section 14(d) hereof) or the expiration
of the stated term of such Option, whichever period is shorter; provided , however , that, if the Optionee dies within such
ninety (90) day period, any unexercised Option held by such Optionee shall thereafter be exercisable to the extent to which it was exercisable
at the time of death for a period of one (1) year after the date of such death (or, if later, such time as the Option may be exercised
pursuant to Section 14(d) hereof) or for the stated term of such Option, whichever period is shorter. Disability shall
mean an Optionee s total and permanent disability; provided , that if Disability is defined in an employment agreement between
the Company and the relevant Optionee, then, with respect to such Optionee, Disability shall have the meaning ascribed to it in such
employment agreement 

(h)
 Termination by Reason of Retirement . Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, if any Optionee s employment with
or service to the Company or any Subsidiary terminates by reason of Normal or Early Retirement (as such terms are defined below), any
Option held by such Optionee may thereafter be exercised to the extent it was exercisable at the time of such Retirement (or on such
accelerated basis as the Administrator shall determine at or after grant), but may not be exercised after ninety (90) days after the
date of such termination of employment or service (or, if later, such time as the Option may be exercised pursuant to Section 14(d) hereof)
or the expiration of the stated term of such Option, whichever date is earlier; provided , however , that, if the Optionee
dies within such ninety (90) day period, any unexercised Option held by such Optionee shall thereafter be exercisable, to the extent
to which it was exercisable at the time of death, for a period of one (1) year after the date of such death (or, if later, such time
as the Option may be exercised pursuant to Section 14(d) hereof) or for the stated term of such Option, whichever period is shorter. 

For
purposes of this paragraph (h), Normal Retirement shall mean retirement from active employment with the Company
or any Subsidiary on or after the normal retirement date specified in the applicable Company or Subsidiary pension plan or if no such
pension plan, age 65, and Early Retirement shall mean retirement from active employment with the Company or any
Subsidiary pursuant to the early retirement provisions of the applicable Company or Subsidiary pension plan or if no such pension plan,
age 55. 

(i)
 Other Terminations . Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator upon grant, if any Optionee s employment with or service
to the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated by such Optionee for any reason other than death, Disability, Normal or Early Retirement
or Good Reason (as defined below), the Option shall thereupon terminate, except that the portion of any Option that was exercisable on
the date of such termination of employment or service may be exercised for the lesser of ninety (90) days after the date of termination
(or, if later, such time as the Option may be exercised pursuant to Section 14(d) hereof) or the balance of such Option s term,
which ever period is shorter. The transfer of an Optionee from the employ of or service to the Company to the employ of or service to
a Subsidiary, or vice versa, or from one Subsidiary to another, shall not be deemed to constitute a termination of employment or service
for purposes of the Plan. 

(i)
In the event that the Optionee s employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated by the Company or such
Subsidiary for cause any unexercised portion of any Option shall immediately terminate in its entirety. For purposes hereof,
unless otherwise defined in an employment agreement between the Company and the relevant Optionee, Cause shall exist upon
a good-faith determination by the Board, following a hearing before the Board at which an Optionee was represented by counsel and given
an opportunity to be heard, that such Optionee has been accused of fraud, dishonesty or act detrimental to the interests of the Company
or any Subsidiary of Company or that such Optionee has been accused of or convicted of an act of willful and material embezzlement or
fraud against the Company or of a felony under any state or federal statute; provided , however , that it is specifically
understood that Cause shall not include any act of commission or omission in the good-faith exercise of such Optionee s
business judgment as a director, officer or employee of the Company, as the case may be, or upon the advice of counsel to the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Cause is defined in an employment agreement between the Company and the relevant Optionee, then, with
respect to such Optionee, Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to it in such employment agreement. 

(ii)
In the event that an Optionee is removed as a director, officer or employee by the Company at any time other than for Cause 
or resigns as a director, officer or employee for Good Reason the Option granted to such Optionee may be exercised by the
Optionee, to the extent the Option was exercisable on the date such Optionee ceases to be a director, officer or employee. Such Option
may be exercised at any time within one (1) year after the date the Optionee ceases to be a director, officer or employee (or, if later,
such time as the Option may be exercised pursuant to Section 14(d) hereof), or the date on which the Option otherwise expires by its
terms; whichever period is shorter, at which time the Option shall terminate; provided , however , if the Optionee dies before
the Options terminate and are no longer exercisable, the terms and provisions of Section 5(f) shall control. For purposes of this Section
5(i), and unless otherwise defined in an employment agreement between the Company and the relevant Optionee, Good Reason shall exist
upon the occurrence of the following: 

(A) 
 the
 assignment to Optionee of any duties inconsistent with the position in the Company that Optionee held immediately prior to the assignment; 

(B) 
 a
 Change of Control resulting in a significant adverse alteration in the status or conditions of Optionee s participation with
 the Company or other nature of Optionee s responsibilities from those in effect prior to such Change of Control, including
 any significant alteration in Optionee s responsibilities immediately prior to such Change in Control; and 

(C) 
 the
 failure by the Company to continue to provide Optionee with benefits substantially similar to those enjoyed by Optionee prior to
 such failure. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if Good Reason is defined in an employment agreement between the Company and the relevant Optionee, then, with respect
to such Optionee, Good Reason shall have the meaning ascribed to it in such employment agreement. 

(j)
 Limit on Value of Incentive Option . The aggregate Fair Market Value, determined as of the date the Incentive Option is granted,
of Common Stock for which Incentive Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionee during any calendar year under the Plan
(and/or any other stock option plans of the Company or any Subsidiary) shall not exceed 100,000. Should it be determined that an Incentive
Stock Option granted under the Plan exceeds such maximum for any reason other than a failure in good faith to value the Stock subject
to such option, the excess portion of such option shall be considered a Nonqualified Option. To the extent the employee holds two (2)
or more such Options which become exercisable for the first time in the same calendar year, the foregoing limitation on the exercisability
of such Option as Incentive Stock Options under the Federal tax laws shall be applied on the basis of the order in which such Options
are granted. If, for any reason, an entire Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option by reason of exceeding such maximum,
such Option shall be considered a Nonqualified Option. 

6. 
 Terms
 and Conditions of Restricted Stock. 

Restricted
Stock may be granted under this Plan aside from, or in association with, any other award and shall be subject to the following conditions
and shall contain such additional terms and conditions (including provisions relating to the acceleration of vesting of Restricted Stock
upon a Change of Control), not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable: 

(a)
 Grantee rights . A Grantee shall have no rights to an award of Restricted Stock unless and until Grantee accepts the award within
the period prescribed by the Administrator and, if the Administrator shall deem desirable, makes payment to the Company in cash, or by
check or such other instrument as may be acceptable to the Administrator. After acceptance and issuance of a certificate or certificates,
as provided for below, the Grantee shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect to Restricted Stock subject to the non-transferability
and forfeiture restrictions described in Section 6(d) below. 

(b)
 Issuance of Certificates . The Company shall issue in the Grantee s name a certificate or certificates for the shares of
Common Stock associated with the award promptly after the Grantee accepts such award. 

(c)
 Delivery of Certificates . Unless otherwise provided, any certificate or certificates issued evidencing shares of Restricted Stock
shall not be delivered to the Grantee until such shares are free of any restrictions specified by the Administrator at the time of grant. 

(d)
 Forfeitability, Non-transferability of Restricted Stock . Shares of Restricted Stock are forfeitable until the terms of the Restricted
Stock grant have been satisfied. Shares of Restricted Stock are not transferable until the date on which the Administrator has specified
such restrictions have lapsed. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator at or after grant, distributions in the form of dividends
or otherwise of additional shares or property in respect of shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to the same restrictions as such
shares of Restricted Stock. 

(e)
 Change of Control . Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control as defined in Section 5(c), the Administrator may accelerate the
vesting of outstanding Restricted Stock, in whole or in part, as determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 

(f)
 Termination of Employment . Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator at or after grant, in the event the Grantee ceases
to be an employee or otherwise associated with the Company for any other reason, all shares of Restricted Stock theretofore awarded to
him which are still subject to restrictions shall be forfeited and the Company shall have the right to complete the blank stock power.
The Administrator may provide (on or after grant) that restrictions or forfeiture conditions relating to shares of Restricted Stock will
be waived in whole or in part in the event of termination resulting from specified causes, and the Administrator may in other cases waive
in whole or in part restrictions or forfeiture conditions relating to Restricted Stock. 

7. 
 Term
 of Plan. 

No
Securities shall be granted pursuant to the Plan on or after the date which is ten years from the effective date of the Plan, but Options
and awards of Restricted Stock theretofore granted may extend beyond that date. 

8. 
 Capital
 Change of the Company. 

In
the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, stock dividend, or other change in corporate structure affecting
the Common Stock of the Company, the Administrator shall make an appropriate and equitable adjustment in the number and kind of shares
reserved for issuance under the Plan and (A) in the number and option price of shares subject to outstanding Options granted under the
Plan, to the end that after such event each Optionee s proportionate interest shall be maintained (to the extent possible) as immediately
before the occurrence of such event. The Administrator shall, to the extent feasible, make such other adjustments as may be required
under the tax laws so that any Incentive Options previously granted shall not be deemed modified within the meaning of Section 424(h)
of the Code. Appropriate adjustments shall also be made in the case of outstanding Restricted Stock granted under the Plan. 

The
adjustments described above will be made only to the extent consistent with continued qualification of the Option under Section 422 of
the Code (in the case of an Incentive Option) and Section 409A of the Code. 

9. 
 Purchase
 for Investment/Conditions. 

Unless
the Options and shares covered by the Plan have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), or the Company has determined that such registration is unnecessary, each person exercising or receiving Securities
under the Plan may be required by the Company to give a representation in writing that he is acquiring the securities for his own account
for investment and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, the distribution of any part thereof. The Administrator may impose
any additional or further restrictions on awards of Securities as shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of award. 

10. 
 Taxes. 

(a)
The Company may make such provisions as it may deem appropriate, consistent with applicable law, in connection with any Securities granted
under the Plan with respect to the withholding of any taxes (including income or employment taxes) or any other tax matters. 

(b)
If any Grantee, in connection with the acquisition of Restricted Stock, makes the election permitted under Section 83(b) of the Code
(that is, an election to include in gross income in the year of transfer the amounts specified in Section 83(b)), such Grantee shall
notify the Company of the election with the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to regulations issued under the authority of Code Section
83(b). 

(c)
If any Grantee shall make any disposition of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of an Incentive Option under the
circumstances described in Section 421(b) of the Code (relating to certain disqualifying dispositions), such Grantee shall notify the
Company of such disposition within ten (10) days hereof. 

11. 
 Effective
 Date of Plan. 

The
Plan shall be effective on June 28, 2023 when the Plan was approved by majority vote of the Company s stockholders on June
28, 2023. 

12. 
 Amendment
 and Termination. 

The
Board may amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan, except that no amendment shall be made that would impair the rights of any Participant
under Securities theretofore granted without the Participant s consent, and except that no amendment shall be made which, without
the approval of the stockholders of the Company would: 

(a)
materially increase the number of shares that may be issued under the Plan, except as is provided in Section 8; 

(b)
materially increase the benefits accruing to the Participants under the Plan; 

(c)
materially modify the requirements as to eligibility for participation in the Plan; 

(d)
decrease the exercise price of an Incentive Option to less than 100 of the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on the date of
grant thereof or the exercise price of a Nonqualified Option to less than 100 of the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on
the date of grant thereof; 

(e)
extend the term of any Option beyond that provided for in Section 5(b); 

(f)
except as otherwise provided in Sections 5(d) and 8 hereof, reduce the exercise price of outstanding Options or effect repricing through
cancellations and re-grants of new Options; 

(g)
increase the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued or issuable under the Plan to an amount that is equal to or in excess of 19.99 
of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding before the issuance of the stock or securities; or 

(h)
otherwise require stockholder approval pursuant to the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

Subject
to the forgoing, the Administrator may amend the terms of any Option theretofore granted, prospectively or retrospectively, but no such
amendment shall impair the rights of any Optionee without the Optionee s consent. 

It
is the intention of the Board that the Plan comply strictly with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and Treasury Regulations
and other Internal Revenue Service guidance promulgated thereunder (the Section 409A Rules and the Administrator
shall exercise its discretion in granting awards hereunder (and the terms of such awards), accordingly. The Plan and any grant of an
award hereunder may be amended from time to time (without, in the case of an award, the consent of the Participant) as may be necessary
or appropriate to comply with the Section 409A Rules. 

13. 
 Government
 Regulations. 

The
Plan, and the grant and exercise or conversion, as applicable, of Securities hereunder, and the obligation of the Company to issue and
deliver shares under such Securities shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental
agencies, national securities exchanges and interdealer quotation systems as may be required. 

14. 
 General
 Provisions. 

(a)
 Certificates . All certificates for shares of Common Stock delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer orders
and other restrictions as the Administrator may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or other securities commission having jurisdiction, any applicable Federal or state securities law, any stock
exchange or interdealer quotation system upon which the Common Stock is then listed or traded and the Administrator may cause a legend
or legends to be placed on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 

(b)
 Employment Matters . Neither the adoption of the Plan nor any grant or award under the Plan shall confer upon any Participant who
is an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary any right to continued employment or, in the case of a Participant who is a director,
continued service as a director, with the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right
of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment of any of its employees, the service of any of its directors or the retention
of any of its consultants or advisors at any time. 

(c)
 Limitation of Liability . No member of the Administrator, or any officer or employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Administrator,
shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and
all members of the Administrator and each and any officer or employee of the Company acting on their behalf shall, to the extent permitted
by law, be fully indemnified and protected by the Company in respect of any such action, determination or interpretation. 

(d)
 Registration of Stock . Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan, no Option may be exercised unless and until the Common
Stock to be issued upon the exercise thereof has been registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, or are,
in the opinion of counsel to the Company, exempt from such registration in the United States. The Company shall not be under any obligation
to register under applicable federal or state securities laws any Common Stock to be issued upon the exercise of an Option granted hereunder
in order to permit the exercise of an Option and the issuance and sale of the Common Stock subject to such Option, although the Company
may in its sole discretion register such Common Stock at such time as the Company shall determine. If the Company chooses to comply with
such an exemption from registration, the Common Stock issued under the Plan may, at the direction of the Administrator, bear an appropriate
restrictive legend restricting the transfer or pledge of the Common Stock represented thereby, and the Administrator may also give appropriate
stop transfer instructions with respect to such Common Stock to the Company s transfer agent. 

15. 
 Non-Uniform
 Determinations. 

The
Administrator s determinations under the Plan, including, without limitation, (i) the determination of the Participants to receive
awards, (ii) the form, amount and timing of such awards, (iii) the terms and provisions of such awards and (ii) the agreements evidencing
the same, need not be uniform and may be made by it selectively among Participants who receive, or who are eligible to receive, awards
under the Plan, whether or not such Participants are similarly situated. 

16. 
 Governing
 Law. 

The
validity, construction, and effect of the Plan and any rules and regulations relating to the Plan shall be determined in accordance with
the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws, and applicable federal law. 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-10.97>
 7
 ex10-97.htm

Exhibit
10.97 

Principal
Debt and Real Estate Mortgage Contract 

 (Specific
to Real Estate Registration) 

Mortgagor:
 Beijing Shineco Chongshi Information Consulting Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Party A) 

Address:
 519, 5th Floor, Building 2, Yard 9, Huatuo Road, Daxing District, Beijing 

Mortgagee:
 Guo Weiqing (hereinafter referred to as Party B) 

ID
number: [ ] 

Address:
 No.2, 7th Street, Huaxinli Community, Xinhua Road, Renqiu City, Hebei Province 

Both
Party A and Party B have reached an agreement through consultation to apply to the real estate registration agency for the establishment
of mortgage registration mortgage notice registration pre purchase commodity housing mortgage notice registration. 

Article
1: Details of Principal Creditor s Rights 

1.
 Amount and currency of main debt: RMB 13.6 million 

2.
Debt performance period: May 23, 2023 to May 22, 2024 

Article
2: Mortgage Details 

1.
 Real Estate Ownership Certificate No. : Jing (2023) Chao Real Estate Ownership No. 0052295 

Or
 Real estate pre notice registration certificate number (pre purchase commercial housing pre notice registration
certificate): 

2.
Real estate unit number: 110105 001001 GB00442 F00090182 

3.
Location of mortgaged real estate: 3106, 27th floor, Building 23, No. 39 East Third Ring Middle Road, Chaoyang District 

4.
Mortgage real estate construction area: 279.53 square meters 

5.
 Amount of guaranteed principal creditor s rights: RMB 13.6 million 

6.
Guarantee scope: principal 

7.
Debtor: 

8.
Note: Is there any agreement prohibiting or restricting the transfer of mortgaged real estate: Yes 

9.
Remarks: 

Article
3: Special Provisions 

1.
Both Party A and Party B jointly confirm that this contract is only the main creditor s rights and mortgage contract for the purpose
of applying to the real estate registration agency for mortgage registration mortgage notice registration 
pre purchase commodity housing mortgage notice registration. Unless otherwise agreed by both parties, it shall not be used for any other
purpose. 

2.
Both Party A and Party B jointly promise that the content filled out in this contract is true and accurate. If there is any falsehood,
both parties shall resolve the dispute on their own and are willing to bear the legal responsibility for the false declaration. 

3.
Any matters not covered in this contract shall be separately agreed upon by both parties. 

Article
4: Miscellaneous 

1.
This contract has the same legal effect as the relevant contracts signed by Party A, Party B, and relevant parties. If there are conflicts
or contradictions between other relevant contracts and this contract, this contract shall prevail. 

2.
This contract shall come into effect after being signed (stamped) by both parties. 

3.
This contract is made in triplicate, with Party A holding one copy, Party B holding one copy, and the real
estate registration agency filing one copy. 

Party
A (signature or official seal): Party B (signature or official seal): 

Agent:
Agent: 

June
6, 2023 June 6, 2023 

Explanation:
1. This demonstration text is only for the reference of the mortgagor and mortgagee. 

2.
 Both Party A and Party B shall check and confirm. 

1 

</EX-10.97>

<EX-10.98>
 8
 ex10-98.htm

Exhibit
10.98 

Loan
Agreement 

Party
A (lender): Weiqing Guo 

 ID
number: [ ] 

Party
B (Borrower): Yuying Zhang 

 ID
number No.: [ ] 

According
to the provisions of relevant laws and regulations such as the Civil Code of the People s Republic of China, Party A and Party
B, on the principles of voluntariness, equality, fairness, and good faith, have reached a consensus through consultation on the matter
of Party B s borrowing from Party A and signed this agreement on May 24, 2022 in Beijing: 

1.
Loan amount 

Party
A lent a total of 15,000,000 RMB to Party B. 

2.
Loan term and interest 

The
loan term stipulated in this agreement is 12 months, and the borrowing period is from May 24, 2022 to May 23 ,
 2023 . The loan interest is calculated at an annualized rate of 4 , and a monthly interest of 50,000 RMB is payable. 

3.
Repayment agreement 

Party
B shall repay the principal of 15,000,000 RMB in a lump sum on May 23 , 2023 . 

4.
Special agreement 

1.
Party A shall pay the full amount of the loan to the designated account of Party B upon signing this agreement. Interest shall accrue
from the date on which Party B receives all the loans. 

2.
After the loan term has ended, Party B is obligated to repay the principal amount in a single installment as per the agreement. In the
event that the principal is not repaid within the specified time frame, Party A reserves the right to demand that Party B provide fixed
assets as collateral until full repayment is made. Party B agrees to fully cooperate with Party A in completing the necessary mortgage
procedures without any conditions. 

3.
In the event of any overdue payments, Party A has the authority to request Party B to settle the outstanding balance along with accrued
interest within a specified timeframe. If Party B exceeds a 30-day period of delinquency without obtaining consent from Party A, Party
B will be held responsible for breach of contract and will be required to pay a penalty to Party A. The penalty will be calculated at
a rate of 30 based on the amount overdue. 

5.
Other 

1.
This agreement is executed in duplicate, with each party retaining one original. It shall become effective immediately upon both parties 
signing and affixing their official seals. 

2.
Any matters not addressed in this agreement shall be subject to separate negotiation and the signing of a supplementary agreement by
Party A and Party B. In the event that consensus cannot be reached through negotiation, either party may initiate legal proceedings with
the Chaoyang District People s Court of Beijing, in accordance with applicable laws. 

Party
A (signature): 
 Party
B (signature): 

</EX-10.98>

<EX-10.99>
 9
 ex10-99.htm

Exhibit 10.99 

Supplementary
Agreement 

Party
A (lender): Weiqing Guo 

ID
number: [ ] 

Party
B (Borrower): Yuying Zhang 

ID
number No.: [ ] 

On
May 24, 2022, Party A and Party B signed the Loan Agreement , agreeing that Party A shall lend Party B 15,000,000 RMB, and
Party B shall repay the above-mentioned loan in one lump sum on May 23, 2023, but it has not been repaid upon maturity (see the Loan
Agreement for details). Regarding the above matters, Party A and Party B have reached a consensus and signed the following supplementary
agreement on May 23, 2023: 

1.
In accordance with the Loan Agreement, Party A requests Party B s cooperation in completing the property mortgage guarantee procedures
by June 23rd, 2023. 

2.
Through amicable negotiation, Party A agrees that Party B will repay the principal amount in full before May 23rd, 2024. 

3.
Upon completion of the loan repayment, Party A guarantees immediate cooperation with Party B in handling the property decompression procedures. 

This
supplementary agreement is an integral part of the original Loan Agreement and is made in duplicate, with each party holding one copy.
It becomes effective immediately upon being signed by both parties. 

Party
A (signature): 
 Party B (signature): 

</EX-10.99>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3/A (Amendment No.2, file number 333-261229); Form
S-3/A (Amendment No.1, file number 333-250160), relating to the financial statements of Shineco Inc., which is included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

We
also consent to the reference to our firm under the caption Experts in such registration statement. 

/s/
 Assentsure PAC 

Assentsure
 PAC 

Singapore

September
 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jennifer Zhan, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Shineco, Inc; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Jennifer Zhan 

Jennifer Zhan 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Sai (Sam) Wang, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Shineco, Inc; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Sai (Sam) Wang 

Sai (Sam) Wang 

Chief Finance Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Shineco, Inc (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Jennifer Zhan, Chief Executive Officer,
and Sai (Sam) Wang, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
that: 

1. The
 Annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Jennifer Zhan 

Jennifer Zhan 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Sai (Sam) Wang 

Sai (Sam) Wang 

Chief Finance Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 33
 sisi-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 35
 sisi-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 36
 sisi-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 37
 sisi-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

