<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230802_10-K_edgar_data_1490054_0001096906-23-001489.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5265913</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>155175</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1839212</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>914687</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>950503</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1330034</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-23-001489.hdr.sgml : 20230802
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230801204237
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-23-001489
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230802
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230801

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490054
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				300678378
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54524
		FILM NUMBER:		231133370

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 COWBOYS WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			FRISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(205) 864-5377

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 COWBOYS WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			FRISCO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75034

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APPIPHANY TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100421

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-23-001489.txt : 20230802

10-K
 1
 vbhi-20230430.htm
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

Commission File Number 

(Name of small business issuer in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [X] 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [X] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 [ X] No [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [ ] No [ X ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 1 
 
 Large Accelerated Filer [ ] 
 Accelerated Filer [ ] 

[X] 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No [X] 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the average of the high and low traded price of such stock as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was (The exclusion from such amount of the market value of the shares owned by any person shall not be deemed an admission by the registrant that such person is an affiliate of the registrant.) 
 
 As of July 28, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s 0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Documents incorporated by reference: None 
 2 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 6 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 6 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 6 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 16 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR THE COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 16 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 17 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION 
 17 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 20 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 21 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 24 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 24 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 25 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 26 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 29 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 30 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 30 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 31 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS 
 32 

3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, foresee, estimate and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 
 
 The availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements; 
 Economic, competitive, demographic, business and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 
 Changes or developments in laws, regulations or taxes in our industry; 
 Actions taken or omitted to be taken by third parties including our competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities; 
 Competition in our industry; 
 The loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation of our business; 
 Changes in our business strategy, capital improvements or development plans; 
 The availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; and 
 Other risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC. 
 
 This report should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Use of Terms 
 
 Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to Company , we , us and our are references to Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. All references to USD or United States Dollars refer to the legal currency of the United States of America. 
 
 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Verde, the Company, we, our, us or similar terms refer to Verde Bio Holdings, Inc.. 
 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Corporate History 
 
 Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 24, 2010. On May 1, 2010, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with Appiphany Technologies Corporation ATC to acquire all of the outstanding common shares of ATC in exchange for 1,500,000 common shares of the Company. As the acquisition involved companies under common control, the acquisition was accounted for in accordance with ASC 805-50, Business Combinations Related Issues, and the consolidated financial statements reflect the accounts of the Company and ATC since inception. On February 19, 2019, Media Convergence Group, a Nevada corporation Media Convergence entered into a certain Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement for the sale of 500,000 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares of the Company. The purchase of the Shares Share Purchase was closed on November 22, 2019. 
 
 4 
 
 Upon the Closing of the Share Purchase, Scott Cox, became the owner of the Preferred Shares, and as such gained voting control of the Company by virtue of the 10,000 for 1 voting rights of the Series A Preferred Shares. 
 
 In connection with the Closing of the Share Purchase, the Company changed its management and Board. Robert Sargent resigned as the sole member of the Board and Scott Cox was elected as the sole member of the Board and as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cox brings over 25 years of experience in the oil gas industry changed the Company s business strategy to oil and gas exploration and investment. 
 
 Nature of Business 
 
 The Company is a growing U.S. energy company based in Frisco, Texas, engaged in the acquisition and development of high-probability, lower risk onshore oil and gas properties within the major oil and gas plays in the U.S. The Company s dual-focused growth strategy relies primarily on leveraging management s expertise to grow through the strategic acquisition of non-operating, working interests and royalty interests with the goal of developing into a major company in the industry. Through this strategy of acquisition of royalty and non-operating properties, the Company has the unique ability to rely on the technical and scientific expertise of the world-class E P companies operating in the area. 
 
 The Company focuses on the acquisition of and exploitation of upstream energy assets, specifically targeting oil and gas mineral interests, oil and gas royalty interests and select non-operated working interests. We do not drill wells and we do not operate wells. These acquisitions are structured primarily as acquisitions of leases, real property interests and mineral rights and royalties and are generally not regarded as the acquisition of securities, but rather real property interests. As a royalty owner, the Company has the right to receive a portion of the production from the leased acreage (or of the proceeds of the sale thereof), but generally is not required to pay any portion of the costs of drilling or operating the wells on the leased acreage. 
 
 The Company began purchasing mineral and oil and gas royalty interests and surface properties in September 2020 and since such time has completed a total of 18 purchases. 
 
 Plan of Operations 
 
 The Company has implemented its business plan and continues to expand its services and products. The Company has generated royalty revenues from its oil and gas assets: however, the Company requires a higher volume of royalty revenues in order to raise sufficient operating cash flows to operate its business without the reliance upon equity or debt financing. The Company may be required to raise additional funds by way of equity or debt financing to fund expansion of its operations. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 The oil and gas business is subject to extensive governmental regulation under which, among other things, rates of production from our wells may be fixed. Governmental regulation also may limit or otherwise affect the market for wells production and the price which may be paid for that production. Governmental regulations relating to environmental matters could also affect our operations. The nature and extent of various regulations, the nature of other political developments and their overall effect upon us are not predictable. 
 
 WHERE YOU CAN GET ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy our reports or other filings made with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room, located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain information on the operations of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You can also access these reports and other filings electronically on the SEC's web site, www.sec.gov. 
 
 5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our Properties 
 Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. has mineral and royalty interests in several properties across seven (7) U.S. states. A total of four hundred and twelve (412) reserves cases have been identified and evaluated. These include producing, non-producing and undeveloped wells or leases. As of April 30, 2023, these interests entitled us to receive royalty payments from the producing wells on the acreage underlying our Royalties, with no additional future capital or operating expenses required. As of July 29, 2023, there were 412 wells producing on this acreage. 
 Comparison of Types of Interests 
 Royalty Interest. Royalty interests generally result when the owner of a mineral interest leases the underlying minerals to a working interest holder pursuant to an oil and gas lease. Typically, the resulting royalty interest is a cost-free percentage of production revenues for minerals extracted from the acreage. Holders of royalty interests are generally not responsible for capital expenditures or lease operating expenses, but may be responsible for certain post-production expenses, and typically have limited environmental liability. Royalty interests expire upon the expiration of the oil and gas lease. 
 Mineral Interest. Mineral interests are perpetual rights of the owner to exploit, mine, and/or produce any or all of the minerals lying below the surface of the property. The holder of a mineral interest has the right to lease the minerals to a working interest holder pursuant to an oil and gas lease. 
 Non-Participating Royalty Interest NPRI . NPRI is an interest in oil and gas production that is created from the mineral estate. The NPRI is expense-free, bearing no operational costs of production. The term non-participating indicates that the interest owner does not share in the bonus, rentals from a lease, nor the right to participate in the execution of oil and gas leases. 
 Working Interest. Working interest holders have the rights to extract minerals from acreage leased pursuant to an oil and gas lease from a mineral interest holder. Holders of working interests are responsible for their pro rata share of capital expenditures and lease operating expenses, but holders of working interests only receive revenues after distributions have first been made to holders of royalty interests and ORRIs. Working interests expire upon the termination or expiration of the underlying oil and gas lease. 
 Overriding Royalty Interest ORRIs ). ORRIs are created by carving out the right to receive royalties from a working interest. Like royalty interests, ORRIs do not confer an obligation to make capital expenditures or pay for lease operating expenses and have limited environmental liability, however ORRIs may be calculated net of post-production expenses, depending on how the ORRI is structured. ORRIs that are carved out of working interests are linked to the same underlying oil and gas lease that created the working interest, and therefore, such ORRIs are typically subject to expiration upon the expiration or termination of the oil and gas lease. 
 
 OIL AND NATURAL GAS DATA 
 Reserves Presentation 
 The reserves estimates as of April 30, 2023, shown herein, have been independently evaluated by Mire Petroleum Consultants. Kurt Mire is a senior reservoir and production engineer with thirty-six (36) years of experience in E P. This experience has been gained at major and independent oil companies and by projects done for Tier 1 consulting firms Ryder Scott Company and Netherland, Sewell Associates. Domestic experience includes Louisiana, Texas, Gulf of Mexico, Mid-Continent, and Rocky Mountains. International experience includes Mexico, 
 6 
 
 South America, Iraq and Trinidad. He has proven skills in reservoir and production engineering, operations, reserves estimation, Monte Carol simulation, nodal analysis, field studies, project management and property evaluations. 
 Proved Reserves 
 Evaluation and Review of Reserves 
 Under SEC rules, proved reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. If deterministic methods are used, the SEC has defined reasonable certainty for proved reserves as a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. All of our proved reserves as of April 30, 2023, were estimated using a deterministic method. The estimation of reserves involves two distinct determinations. The first determination results in the estimation of the quantities of recoverable oil and gas and the second determination results in the estimation of the uncertainty associated with those estimated quantities in accordance with the definitions established under SEC rules. The process of estimating the quantities of recoverable oil and gas reserves relies on the use of certain generally accepted analytical procedures. These analytical procedures fall into three broad categories or methods: (1) performance-based methods, (2) volumetric-based methods and (3) analogy. These methods may be used singularly or in combination by the reserve evaluator in the process of estimating the quantities of reserves. The proved reserves for our properties were estimated by performance methods, analogy, or a combination of both methods. 100 of the proved producing reserves attributable to producing wells were estimated by performance methods. These performance methods include, but may not be limited to, decline curve analysis, which utilized extrapolations of available historical production and pressure data. The analogy method was used where there were inadequate historical performance data to establish a definitive trend and where the use of production performance data as a basis for the reserve estimates was considered to be inappropriate. All proved developed non-producing and undeveloped reserves were estimated by the analogy method. 
 To estimate economically recoverable proved reserves and related future net cash flows, our management considered many factors and assumptions, including the use of reservoir parameters derived from geological, geophysical, and engineering data which cannot be measured directly, economic criteria based on current costs and the SEC pricing requirements and forecasts of future production rates. To establish reasonable certainty with respect to our estimated proved reserves, the technologies and economic data used in the estimation of our proved reserves included production and well test data, downhole completion information, geologic data, electrical logs, radioactivity logs, core analyses, available seismic data and historical well cost and operating expense data. 
 The preparation of our proved reserve estimates are completed in accordance with our internal control procedures. These procedures, which are intended to ensure reliability of reserve estimations, include the following: 

review and verification of historical production data, which data is based on actual production as reported by our operators; 

preparation of reserve estimates; 

no employee s compensation is tied to the amount of reserves booked. 

The following table presents our estimated net proved oil and natural gas reserves as of April 30, 2023 and is based on the reserve reports prepared by management. Each reserve report has been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. All of our proved reserves included in the reserve reports are located in the continental United States. (1)(2) 
 7 

Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. 
 
 As of May 1, 2023 
 
 Category 
 Gross Reserves 
 Net Reserves 
 Net Revenue 
 Taxes 
 Invest- ments 
 Non-disc. Cashflow 
 Disc. Cashflow (10 
 Life 
 
 Oil (MBO) 
 Gas (MMCF) 
 Oil (MBO) 
 Gas (MMCF) 
 M 
 M 
 M 
 M 
 M 
 Years 
 
 Proved Developed Producing 
 22,601 
 516,555 
 26.6 
 315.2 
 4,538.3 
 406.1 
 0.0 
 4,132.2 
 2,330.8 
 50.0 
 
 Probable Non-Producing 
 4 
 40 
 3.1 
 31.2 
 453.0 
 36.6 
 15.0 
 129.2 
 76.4 
 9.5 
 
 Probable Undeveloped 
 498 
 2,064 
 4.4 
 4.4 
 427.2 
 48.0 
 0.0 
 379.2 
 246.3 
 34.2 
 
 Possible Undeveloped 
 2,104 
 41,075 
 4.0 
 21.1 
 512.2 
 50.6 
 0.0 
 461.7 
 293.2 
 50.0 
 
 Total 3P 
 25,207 
 559,734 
 38.1 
 371.9 
 5,930.8 
 541.3 
 15.0 
 5,102.3 
 2,946.6 
 50.0 

(1) 
 Estimates of reserves as of April 30, 2023, were prepared using an average price equal to the unweighted arithmetic average of hydrocarbon prices received on a field-by-field basis on the first day of each month within the year ended April 30, 2023 in accordance with revised SEC rules and regulations applicable to reserve estimates as of the end of such period. The unweighted arithmetic average first day of the month prices were 89.00 per Bbl for oil and 5.67 per Mcf for natural gas at April 30, 2023. The price per Bbl for natural gas liquids was modeled as a percentage of oil price, which was derived from historical accounting data. Reserve estimates do not include any value for probable or possible reserves that may exist, nor do they include any value for undeveloped acreage. The reserve estimates represent Royalties in our properties. Although we believe these estimates are reasonable, actual future production, cash flows, taxes, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable oil and natural gas reserves may vary substantially from these estimates. 

(2) 
 In this Annual Report, we have disclosed our PV-10 based on our reserve report. PV-10 represents the period end present value of estimated future cash inflows from our natural gas and crude oil reserves, less production costs, discounted at 10 per annum to reflect timing of future cash flows and using SEC pricing requirements in effect at the end of the period. Because of this, PV-10 can be used within the industry and by creditors and securities analysts to evaluate estimated net cash flows from proved reserves on a more comparable basis. PV-10 differs from standardized measure because it does not include the effects of income taxes. Neither PV-10 nor standardized measure represents an estimate of fair market value of our natural gas and oil properties. We and others in the industry use PV-10 as a measure to compare the relative size and value of estimated reserves held by companies without regard to the specific tax characteristics of such entities. 

As of April 30, 2023, our historical proved developed reserves totaled 26,590 MBbls of oil and 315,200 MMcf of natural gas. Of the total proved developed reserves, 100 are producing and the remaining 0 are from wells that have been stimulated but are not yet producing hydrocarbons. 
 The foregoing reserves are all located within the continental United States. Reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating volumes of economically recoverable oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation. As a result, the estimates of different engineers often vary. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production may justify revisions of such estimates. Accordingly, reserve estimates often differ from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered. Estimates of economically recoverable oil and natural gas and of future net revenues are based on a number of variables and assumptions, all of which may vary from actual results, including geologic interpretation, prices, and future production rates and costs. See Risk Factors in this Annual Report. We have not filed any estimates of total, proved net oil or natural gas reserves with any federal authority or agency other than the SEC. 
 Proved Undeveloped Reserves 
 As of April 30, 2023, our historical proved undeveloped reserves totaled 26,590 MBbls of oil and 315,200 MMcf of natural gas. PUD reserves will be converted from undeveloped to developed as the applicable wells begin production. 
 Competition 
 The oil and natural gas industry is intensely competitive, and some of the companies we compete with have greater resources. Many of these companies not only explore for and produce oil and natural gas, but also carry on midstream and refining operations and market petroleum and other products on a regional, national, or worldwide basis. These companies may be able to pay more for productive oil and natural gas properties and exploratory prospects 
 8 
 
 or to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit. In addition, these companies may have a greater ability to continue exploration activities during periods of low oil and natural gas market prices. Our larger or more integrated competitors may be able to absorb the burden of existing, and any changes to, federal, state, and local laws and regulations more easily than we can, which would adversely affect our competitive position. 
 Our ability to acquire additional mineral, royalty and similar interests in the future will be dependent upon our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment. In addition, because we have fewer financial and human resources than many companies in our industry, we may be at a disadvantage in bidding for these and other oil and natural gas properties. Further, oil and natural gas compete with other forms of energy available to customers, primarily based on price. These alternate forms of energy include electricity, coal, and fuel oils. Changes in the availability or price of oil and natural gas or other forms of energy, as well as business conditions, conservation, legislation, regulations, and the ability to convert to alternate fuels and other forms of energy may affect the demand for oil and natural gas. 
 Seasonal Nature of Business 
 Generally, demand for oil increases during the summer months and decreases during the winter months while natural gas decreases during the summer months and increases during the winter months. Certain natural gas users utilize natural gas storage facilities and purchase some of their anticipated winter requirements during the summer, which can lessen seasonal demand fluctuations. Seasonal weather conditions and lease stipulations can limit drilling and producing activities and other oil and natural gas operations in a portion of our operating areas. These seasonal anomalies can pose challenges for our operators in meeting well drilling objectives and can increase competition for equipment, supplies and personnel during the spring and summer months, which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay operations. 
 Regulation 
 The following disclosure describes regulation more directly associated with operators of oil and natural gas properties, including our current operators, and other owners of working interests in oil and natural gas properties. To the extent we elect in the future to engage in the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas properties, we would be directly subject to the same regulations described below. 
 Oil and natural gas operations are subject to various types of legislation, regulation and other legal requirements enacted by governmental authorities. This legislation and regulation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is under constant review for amendment or expansion. Some of these requirements carry substantial penalties for failure to comply. The regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases the cost of doing business. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Oil and natural gas exploration, development and production operations are subject to stringent laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to protection of the environment or occupational health and safety. Numerous federal, state, and local governmental agencies, such as the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), issue regulations that often require difficult and costly compliance measures that carry substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties and may result in injunctive obligations for non-compliance. These laws and regulations may require the acquisition of a permit before drilling commences, restrict the types, quantities and concentrations of various substances that can be released into the environment in connection with drilling and production activities, limit or prohibit construction or drilling activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands, ecologically sensitive and other protected areas, require action to prevent or remediate pollution from current or former operations, such as plugging abandoned wells or closing earthen pits, result in the suspension or revocation of necessary permits, licenses and authorizations, require that additional pollution controls be installed and impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from operations. The strict and joint and several liability nature of such laws and regulations could impose liability upon responsible parties (including the operators of the acreage underlying our Royalties) regardless of fault. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances, hydrocarbons, or other waste products into the environment. Changes in environmental laws and regulations occur frequently, and any changes that result in more stringent and costly pollution control or waste handling, storage, transport, disposal, or cleanup requirements could materially adversely affect Falcon s business and prospects. 
 Waste Handling 
 9 
 
 The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended RCRA ), and comparable state statutes and regulations promulgated thereunder, affect oil and natural gas exploration, development, and production activities by imposing requirements regarding the generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, and cleanup of hazardous and non- hazardous wastes. With federal approval, the individual states administer some or all of the provisions of RCRA, sometimes in conjunction with their own, more stringent requirements. Although most wastes associated with the exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas are exempt from regulation as hazardous wastes under RCRA, these wastes typically constitute solid wastes that are subject to less stringent non-hazardous waste requirements. However, it is possible that RCRA could be amended or the EPA or state environmental agencies could adopt policies to require oil and natural gas exploration, development, and production wastes to become subject to more stringent waste handling requirements. Any changes in the laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operators capital expenditures and operating expenses, which in turn could affect production from our properties and adversely affect our business and prospects. 
 Remediation of Hazardous Substances 
 The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended CERCLA ), also known as the Superfund law, and analogous state laws, generally impose strict and joint and several liability, without regard to fault or legality of the original conduct, on classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the current owner or operator of a contaminated facility, a former owner or operator of the facility at the time of contamination, and those persons that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substance at the facility. Under CERCLA and comparable state statutes, persons deemed responsible parties may be subject to strict and joint and several liability for the costs of removing or remediating previously disposed wastes (including wastes disposed of or released by prior owners or operators) or property contamination (including groundwater contamination), for damages to natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies. In addition, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. In addition, the risk of accidental spills or releases could expose the operators of the acreage underlying Falcon s Royalties to significant liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on the operators businesses, financial condition, and results of operations. Liability for any contamination under these laws could require the operators of the acreage underlying Falcon s Royalties to make significant expenditures to investigate and remediate such contamination or attain and maintain compliance with such laws and may otherwise have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, competitive position, or financial condition. 
 Water Discharges 
 The Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, also known as the Clean Water Act CWA ), the Safe Drinking Water Act SDWA ), the Oil Pollution Act OPA ), and analogous state laws and regulations promulgated thereunder impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the unauthorized discharge of pollutants, including produced waters and other gas and oil wastes, into navigable waters of the United States, as well as state waters. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by the EPA or the state. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit the discharge of dredge and fill material into regulated waters, including jurisdictional wetlands, unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. In June 2015, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the Corps published a final rule attempting to clarify the federal jurisdictional reach over waters of the United States WOTUS ). Following the change in U.S. Presidential Administrations, there have been several attempts to modify or eliminate this rule. Most recently, on January 23, 2020, the EPA and Corps replaced the WOTUS rule adopted in 2015 with the narrower Navigable Waters Protection Rule. The 2020 NWPR was vacated by two district courts and replaced in the Code of Federal Regulations by the 2023 rule. The 2020 NWPR is not in effect, and the materials below are provided for informational purposes. 
 In addition, spill prevention, control, and countermeasure plan requirements under federal law require appropriate containment berms and similar structures to help prevent the contamination of navigable waters in the event of a petroleum hydrocarbon tank spill, rupture, or leak. The EPA has also adopted regulations requiring certain oil and natural gas exploration and production facilities to obtain individual permits or coverage under general permits for storm water discharges. 
 The OPA is the primary federal law for oil spill liability. The OPA contains numerous requirements relating to the prevention of and response to petroleum releases into waters of the United States, including the requirement that operators of offshore facilities and certain onshore facilities near or crossing waterways must develop and maintain facility response contingency plans and maintain certain significant levels of financial assurance to cover potential environmental cleanup and restoration costs. The OPA subjects owners of facilities to strict, joint, and several 
 10 
 
 liability for all containment and cleanup costs and certain other damages arising from a release, including, but not limited to, the costs of responding to a release of oil into surface waters. 
 In addition, the SDWA grants the EPA broad authority to take action to protect public health when an underground source of drinking water is threatened with pollution that presents an imminent and substantial endangerment to humans, which could result in orders prohibiting or limiting the operations of oil and natural gas production facilities. The EPA has asserted regulatory authority pursuant to the SDWA s Underground Injection Control UIC program over hydraulic fracturing activities involving the use of diesel fuel in fracturing fluids and issued guidance covering such activities. The SDWA also regulates saltwater disposal wells under the UIC Program. Recent concerns related to the operation of saltwater disposal wells and induced seismicity have led some states to impose limits on the total volume of produced water such wells can dispose of order disposal wells to cease operations, or limited the construction of new wells. These seismic events have also resulted in environmental groups and local residents filing lawsuits against operators in areas where the events occur seeking damages and injunctions limiting or prohibiting saltwater disposal well construction activities and operations. A lack of saltwater disposal wells in production areas could result in increased disposal costs for our operators if they are forced to transport produced water by truck, pipeline, or other method over long distances, or force them to curtail operations. 
 Noncompliance with the Clean Water Act, SDWA, or the OPA may result in substantial administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, as well as injunctive obligations, all of which could affect production from our properties and adversely affect our business and prospects. 
 Air Emissions 
 The federal Clean Air Act CAA and comparable state laws and regulations regulate emissions of various air pollutants through the issuance of permits and the imposition of other requirements. The EPA has developed, and continues to develop, stringent regulations governing emissions of air pollutants at specified sources. New facilities may be required to obtain permits before work can begin, and existing facilities may be required to obtain additional permits and incur capital costs in order to remain in compliance. For example, in October 2015, the EPA lowered the National Ambient Air Quality Standard, NAAQS for ozone from 75 to 70 parts per billion for both the 8-hour primary and secondary standards, and the agency completed attainment/non-attainment designations in July 2018. State implementation of the revised NAAQS could result in stricter permitting requirements, delay, or prohibit the ability of our operators to obtain such permits, and result in increased expenditures for pollution control equipment, the costs of which could be significant. Separately, in June 2016, the EPA finalized rules regarding criteria for aggregating multiple small surface sites into a single source for air-quality permitting purposes applicable to the oil and natural gas industry. This rule could cause small facilities, on an aggregate basis, to be deemed a major source, thereby triggering more stringent air permitting processes and requirements. On November 15, 2021, the EPA published a proposed rule that would update and expand existing requirements for the oil and gas industry, as well as creating significant new requirements and standards for new, modified, and existing oil and gas facilities. The proposed new requirements would include, for example, new standards and emission limitations applicable to storage vessels, well liquids unloading, pneumatic controllers, and flaring of natural gas at both new and existing facilities. In November 2022, the EPA published a supplemental proposal to update, strengthen, and expand the standards proposed in November 2021. The proposed rules for new and modified facilities are estimated to be finalized by the end of 2023, while any standards finalized for existing facilities will require further state rulemaking actions over the next several years before they become applicable and effective. These laws and regulations may increase the costs of compliance for oil and natural gas producers and impact production on our properties, and federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil, and criminal penalties for non-compliance with air permits or other requirements of the federal Clean Air Act and associated state laws and regulations. Moreover, obtaining or renewing permits has the potential to delay the development of oil and natural gas exploration and development projects. All of these factors could impact production on our properties and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Climate Change 
 The threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the United States and in foreign countries, numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional, and state levels of government to monitor and limit existing emissions of greenhouse gases GHGs as well as to restrict or eliminate such future emissions. As a result, our operations as well as the operations of our operators are subject to a series of regulatory, political, litigation, and financial risks associated with the production and processing of fossil fuels and emission of GHGs. 
 In the United States, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level. However, the current administration has highlighted addressing climate change as a priority and has issued several 
 11 
 
 executive orders addressing climate change, including one that calls for substantial action on climate change, such as the increased use of zero-emission vehicles by the federal government, the elimination of subsidies provided to the fossil fuel industry, and increased emphasis on climate-related risks across government agencies and economic sectors. Moreover, following the U.S. Supreme Court finding that GHG emissions constitute a pollutant under the CAA, the EPA has adopted regulations that, among other things, establish construction and operating permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources and require the monitoring and annual reporting of GHG emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas system sources in the United States. The regulation of methane from oil and gas facilities has been subject to uncertainty in recent years. The current administration has also issued an executive order calling for the suspension, revision, or rescission, of a September 2020 rule rescinding certain methane standards and removing transmission and storage segments from the source category for certain regulations, and the reinstatement or issuance of methane emissions standards for new, modified, and existing oil and gas facilities. 
 Additionally, various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that are focused on such areas GHG cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs, and restriction of emissions. At the international level, the United Nations-sponsored Paris Agreement, requires member states to submit non-binding, individually determined reduction goals every five years after 2020. Although the United States had withdrawn from the Paris Agreement, the current administration recently recommitted the United States to the agreement by executive order. However, the impacts of this executive order and the terms of any legislation or regulation to implement the United States commitment remain unclear at this time. 
 Governmental, scientific, and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from GHG emissions has resulted in increasing political risks in the United States, including climate-change-related pledges made by some candidates now in political office. These have included promises to limit emissions and curtail certain production of oil and natural gas. Other actions that could be pursued by the current administration may include the imposition of more restrictive requirements for the establishment of pipeline infrastructure or the permitting of LNG export facilities, as well as more restrictive GHG emission limitations for oil and gas facilities. Litigation risks are also increasing as a number of cities and other local governments have sought to bring suit against the largest oil and natural gas companies in state or federal court, alleging among other things, that such companies created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to climate change or alleging that the companies have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change for some time but failed to adequately disclose such impacts to their investors or customers. 
 There are also increasing financial risks for fossil fuel producers as shareholders currently invested in fossil-fuel energy companies may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into non-energy related sectors. Institutional lenders who provide financing to fossil-fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. Additionally, financial institutions may be required to adopt policies that have the effect of reducing the funding provided to the fossil fuel sector. The Federal Reserve recently joined the Network for Greening the Financial System, a consortium of financial regulators focused on addressing climate-related risks in the financial sector. 
 Limitation of investments in and financing for fossil fuel energy companies could result in the restriction, delay, or cancellation of drilling programs or development or production activities. 
 The adoption and implementation of new or more stringent international, federal, or state legislation, regulations, or other regulatory initiatives that impose more stringent standards for GHG emissions from the oil and natural gas sector or otherwise restrict the areas in which this sector may produce oil and natural gas or generate the GHG emissions could result in increased costs of compliance or costs of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for oil and natural gas, which could reduce the profitability of our interests. Additionally, political, litigation, and financial risks may result in our oil and natural gas operators restricting or cancelling production activities, incurring liability for infrastructure damages as a result of climatic changes, or impairing their ability to continue to operate in an economic manner, which also could reduce the profitability of our interests. One or more of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operation. 
 Regulation of Hydraulic Fracturing 
 The process of hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water, sand, and chemicals under pressure into formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. The process is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions, but recently the EPA and other federal agencies have asserted jurisdiction over certain aspects of hydraulic fracturing. For example, the EPA issued effluent limitation guidelines in June 2016 that prohibit the discharge of wastewater from hydraulic fracturing operations to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. 
 12 
 
 In December 2016, the EPA released its final report on the potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources. The final report concluded that water cycle activities associated with hydraulic fracturing may impact drinking water resources under certain limited circumstances. The EPA has not proposed to take any action in response to the report s findings. 
 Several states where we own interests in oil and gas producing properties, have adopted regulations that could restrict or prohibit hydraulic fracturing in certain circumstances or require the disclosure of the composition of hydraulic-fracturing fluids. For example, Texas has imposed certain limits on the permitting or operation of disposal wells in areas with increased instances of induced seismic events. These existing or any new legal requirements establishing seismic permitting requirements or similar restrictions on the construction or operation of disposal wells for the injection of produced water likely will result in added costs to comply and affect our operators rate of production, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. In addition to state laws, local land use restrictions, such as city ordinances, may restrict or prohibit the performance of well drilling in general or hydraulic fracturing in particular. 
 We cannot predict what additional state or local requirements may be imposed in the future on oil and gas operations in the states in which we own interests. In the event state, local, or municipal legal restrictions are adopted in areas where our operators conduct operations, our operators may incur substantial costs to comply with these requirements, which may be significant in nature, experience delays, or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development, or production activities and perhaps even be precluded from the drilling of wells. 
 There has been increasing public controversy regarding hydraulic fracturing with regard to increased risks of induced seismicity, the use of fracturing fluids, impacts on drinking water supplies, use of water, and the potential for impacts to surface water, groundwater, and the environment generally. A number of lawsuits and enforcement actions have been initiated across the country implicating hydraulic-fracturing practices. If new laws or regulations are adopted that significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing, those laws could make it more difficult or costly for our operators to perform fracturing to stimulate production from tight formations. In addition, if hydraulic fracturing is further regulated at the federal or state level, fracturing activities on our properties could become subject to additional permitting and financial assurance requirements, more stringent construction specifications, increased monitoring, reporting and recordkeeping obligations, plugging and abandonment requirements, and also to attendant permitting delays and potential increases in costs. Legislative changes could cause operators to incur substantial compliance costs. At this time, it is not possible to estimate the impact on our business of newly enacted or potential federal or state legislation governing hydraulic fracturing. 
 Endangered Species Act 
 Some of the operations on acreage underlying our Royalties may be located in areas that are designated as habitats for endangered or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act. In February 2016, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service published a final policy that alters how it identifies critical habitat for endangered and threatened species. A critical habitat designation could result in further material restrictions to federal and private land use and could delay or prohibit land access or development. Moreover, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service continues to make listing decisions and critical habitat designations where necessary, including for over 250 species as required under a 2011 settlement approved by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, and many hundreds of additional anticipated listing decisions have already been identified beyond those recognized in the 2011 settlement. The designation of previously unprotected species as being endangered or threatened, if located in the areas where we have Royalties, could cause the operators of the operations on the acreage underlying our Royalties to incur additional costs or become subject to operating restrictions in areas where the species are known to exist. 
 Other Regulation of the Oil and Natural Gas Industry 
 The oil and natural gas industry is extensively regulated by numerous federal, state and local authorities. Legislation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is under constant review for amendment or expansion, frequently increasing the regulatory burden. Also, numerous departments and agencies, both federal and state, are authorized by statute to issue rules and regulations that are binding on the oil and natural gas industry and its individual members, some of which carry substantial penalties for failure to comply. Although the regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases the cost of doing business, these burdens generally do not affect the Company any differently or to any greater or lesser extent than they affect other companies in the industry with similar types, quantities, and locations of production. 
 The availability, terms and cost of transportation significantly affect sales of oil and natural gas. The interstate transportation and sale for resale of oil and natural gas is subject to federal regulation, including regulation of the terms, conditions and rates for interstate transportation, storage, and various other matters, primarily by the Federal 
 13 
 
 Energy Regulatory Commission FERC ). Federal and state regulations govern the price and terms for access to oil and natural gas pipeline transportation. FERC s regulations for interstate oil and natural gas transmission in some circumstances may also affect the intrastate transportation of oil and natural gas. 
 Although oil and natural gas prices are currently unregulated, Congress historically has been active in the area of oil and natural gas regulation. The Company cannot predict whether new legislation to regulate oil and natural gas might be proposed, what proposals, if any, might actually be enacted by Congress or the various state legislatures, and what effect, if any, the proposals might have on Falcon s operations. Sales of condensate and oil and natural gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at market prices. 
 Drilling and Production 
 The operations of the Company s operators are subject to various types of regulation at the federal, state, and local level. These types of regulation include requiring permits for the drilling of wells, drilling bonds and reports concerning operations. The state, and some counties and municipalities, in which the Company operates also regulate one or more of the following: 

the location of wells; 

the method of drilling and casing wells; 

the timing of construction or drilling activities, including seasonal wildlife closures; 

the rates of production or allowables 

the surface use and restoration of properties upon which wells are drilled; 

the plugging and abandoning of wells; and 

notice to, and consultation with, surface owners and other third parties. 

State laws regulate the size and shape of drilling and spacing units or proration units governing the pooling of oil and natural gas properties. Some states allow forced pooling or integration of tracts to facilitate exploration while other states rely on voluntary pooling of lands and leases. In some instances, forced pooling or unitization may be implemented by third parties and may reduce the Company s interest in the unitized properties. In addition, state conservation laws establish maximum rates of production from oil and natural gas wells, generally prohibit the venting or flaring of natural gas and impose requirements regarding the ratability of production. These laws and regulations may limit the amount of oil and natural gas that the Company s operators can produce from our wells or limit the number of wells or the locations at which operators can drill. Moreover, each state generally imposes a production or severance tax with respect to the production and sale of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids within its jurisdiction. States do not regulate wellhead prices or engage in other similar direct regulation, but we cannot assure you that they will not do so in the future. The effect of such future regulations may be to limit the amounts of oil and natural gas that may be produced from our wells, negatively affect the economics of production from these wells or to limit the number of locations operators can drill. 
 Federal, state, and local regulations provide detailed requirements for the abandonment of wells, closure or decommissioning of production facilities and pipelines and for site restoration in areas where the operators of the acreage underlying our Royalties operate. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and many other state and local authorities also have regulations for plugging and abandonment, decommissioning and site restoration. Although the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers does not require bonds or other financial assurances, some state agencies and municipalities do have such requirements. 
 
 Natural Gas Sales and Transportation 
 Historically, federal legislation and regulatory controls have affected the price and marketing of natural gas. FERC has jurisdiction over the transportation and sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce by natural gas companies under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 NGA and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978. Since 1978, various federal laws have been enacted which have resulted in the complete removal of all price and non-price controls for sales of domestic natural gas sold in first sales. Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, FERC has substantial 
 14 
 
 enforcement authority to prohibit the manipulation of natural gas markets and enforce its rules and orders, including the ability to assess substantial civil penalties. 
 FERC also regulates interstate natural gas transportation rates and service conditions and establishes the terms under which our operators may use interstate natural gas pipeline capacity, which affects the marketing of natural gas that our operators produce, as well as the revenues our operators receive for sales of natural gas and release of natural gas pipeline capacity. Commencing in 1985, FERC promulgated a series of orders, regulations and rule makings that significantly fostered competition in the business of transporting and marketing gas. Today, interstate pipeline companies are required to provide nondiscriminatory transportation services to producers, marketers, and other shippers, regardless of whether such shippers are affiliated with an interstate pipeline company. FERC s initiatives have led to the development of a competitive, open access market for natural gas purchases and sales that permits all purchasers of natural gas to buy gas directly from third-party sellers other than pipelines. However, the natural gas industry historically has been very heavily regulated; therefore, we cannot guarantee that the less stringent regulatory approach currently pursued by FERC and Congress will continue indefinitely into the future nor can we determine what effect, if any, future regulatory changes might have on our natural gas-related activities. 
 Under FERC s current regulatory regime, transmission services must be provided on an open-access, nondiscriminatory basis at cost-based rates or at market-based rates if the transportation market at issue is sufficiently competitive. Gathering service, which occurs upstream of jurisdictional transmission services, is regulated by the states onshore and in-state waters. Section 1(b) of the NGA exempts natural gas gathering facilities from regulation by FERC as a natural gas company under the NGA. Although its policy is still in flux, FERC has in the past reclassified certain jurisdictional transmission facilities as non-jurisdictional gathering facilities, which has the tendency to increase our operators costs of transporting gas to point-of-sale locations. 
 Oil Sales and Transportation 
 Sales of crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at negotiated prices. Nevertheless, Congress could reenact price controls in the future. 
 Crude oil sales are affected by the availability, terms, and cost of transportation. The transportation of oil in common carrier pipelines is also subject to rate regulation. FERC regulates interstate oil pipeline transportation rates under the Interstate Commerce Act and intrastate oil pipeline transportation rates are subject to regulation by state regulatory commissions. The basis for intrastate oil pipeline regulation, and the degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny given to intrastate oil pipeline rates, varies from state to state. Insofar as effective interstate and intrastate rates are equally applicable to all comparable shippers, we believe that the regulation of oil transportation rates will not affect our operations in any materially different way than such regulation will affect the operations of our competitors. 
 Further, interstate, and intrastate common carrier oil pipelines must provide service on a non-discriminatory basis. Under this open access standard, common carriers must offer service to all shippers requesting service on the same terms and under the same rates. When oil pipelines operate at full capacity, access is governed by portioning provisions set forth in the pipelines published tariffs. Accordingly, we believe that access to oil pipeline transportation services generally will be available to our operators to the same extent as to the Company or their competitors. 
 15 

State Regulation 
 Texas regulates the drilling for, and the production, gathering and sale of, oil and natural gas, including imposing severance taxes and requirements for obtaining drilling permits. Texas currently imposes a 4.6 severance tax on the market value of oil production and a 7.5 severance tax on the market value of natural gas production. States also regulate the method of developing new fields, the spacing and operation of wells and the prevention of waste of oil and natural gas resources. States may regulate rates of production and may establish maximum daily production allowables from oil and natural gas wells based on market demand or resource conservation, or both. States do not regulate wellhead prices or engage in other similar direct economic regulation, but we cannot assure you that they will not do so in the future. The effect of these regulations may be to limit the amount of oil and natural gas that may be produced from our wells and to limit the number of wells or locations our operators can drill. 
 The petroleum industry is also subject to compliance with various other federal, state, and local regulations and laws. Some of those laws relate to resource conservation and equal employment opportunity. We do not believe that compliance with these laws will have a material adverse effect on us. Our offices are currently located at 5750 Genesis Court, Suite 220B, Frisco, Texas 75043, and our telephone number is (972) 217-4080. We do not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining any required additional space. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company and the SEC settled certain allegations by staff of the Division of Enforcement in an Order by the SEC issued on May 16, 2023. 
 
 Except as set forth above, we know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. Except as set forth above, there are no proceedings in which our director, officer or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Markets. Our common stock has been quoted on the OTC Markets since October 20, 2011. Our common stock is traded under the symbol VBHI . Because we are quoted on the OTC Markets, our securities may be less liquid, receive less coverage by security analysts and news media and generate lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if they were listed on a national securities exchange. 
 
 Record Holders 
 
 As of July 31, 2023, 1,683,077,167 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and were owned by approximately 61 holders of record, based on information provided by our transfer agent. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of 13,600,000 common shares with a fair value of 98,660 for services. These shares were issued pursuant exemptions from registration under Regulation 4(a)(2). In addition, the Company issued an aggregate of 350,111,699 common shares in connection with the conversion of 581 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Shares issued connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 3, 2021, by and between the Company and GHS Investments, LLC. 
 
 Re-Purchase of Equity Securities 
 16 

None. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock since inception and presently anticipate that all earnings, if any, will be retained for development of our business and that no dividends on our common stock will be declared in the foreseeable future. Any future dividends will be subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, future earnings, operating and financial conditions, capital requirements, general business conditions and other pertinent facts. Therefore, there can be no assurance that any dividends on our common stock will be paid in the future. 
 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, foresee, estimate and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. You should read this report completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Working Capital 

April 30, 2023 

April 30, 2022 

Current Assets 

97,748 

295,873 

Current Liabilities 

1,839,182 

1,453,145 

Working Capital (Deficit) 

(1,741,434) 

(1,157,272) 

17 

Cash Flows 

April 30, 2023 

April 30, 2022 

Cash Flows used in Operating Activities 

(872,226) 

(1,150,005) 

Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 

148,015 

(5,679,020) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

608,841 

4,882,334 

Net increase (decrease) in Cash During Year 

(115,370) 

(1,946,691) 

Operating Revenues 
 During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company recorded revenues of 926,099 compared to revenues of 719,998 during the year ended April 30, 2022. Revenues were derived from royalties earned from oil and gas interests. The increase is due to the fact that the Company increased its investment in additional royalty producing properties from the beginning of last year in order to generate additional royalty revenue income which led to an increase in revenue during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. 
 Operating Expenses and Net Loss 
 During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company recorded operating expenses of 2,566,025 compared to 3,870,118 during the year ended April 30, 2022, a decrease of 1,304,093. The decrease in operating expenses was due to an impairment loss in the carrying value of the Company s oil and gas properties in fiscal 2022 for 1,266,046. The Company also recorded an increase in project expenditures from 84,622 to 415,140 as a result of a one time commitment fee of 379,000, as well as costs incurred to identify and perform due diligence on potential oil and gas acquisitions. All other operating expenses were consistent to prior year as the Company focused its current year operations on maintaining and operating its existing line of oil and gas properties whereas fiscal 2022 involved more acquisitions of oil and gas properties as the Company was building up its portfolio. 
 Net loss for the year ended April 30, 2023 was 1,774,179 as compared with 3,422,146 during the year ended April 30, 2022. In addition to the effects of the increase in royalty revenues combined with the decrease in operating expenses, the Company saw a decline in interest and finance charges from 236,748 in fiscal 2022 to 153,892 in fiscal 2023. Furthermore, the Company incurred a one-time commitment fee of 40,000 in fiscal 2022 was not incurred in the current year. 
 For the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company recorded a loss per share of 0.00 which is consistent with the year ended April 30, 2022. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of April 30, 2023, the Company had cash of 25,836 and total assets of 4,160,238 compared to cash of 141,206 and total assets of 5,085,057 as at April 30, 2022. The decrease in cash is based on the fact that, although revenues and operating cash flows have improved from the prior year, the Company continues to rely on proceeds from financing activities to support its ongoing expenditures. In addition to the decrease in cash, the overall decrease in total assets is based on the decrease in oil and natural gas properties of 619,634 due primarily to depletion of the carrying value based on the royalty incomes generated by the Company s assets. 
 As of April 30, 2023, the Company had total liabilities of 1,839,182 compared with total liabilities of 1,474,482 as at April 30, 2022. The increase in total liabilities is based on 260,855 of carrying value for a convertible note payable that was issued during the year for proceeds of 410,000, of which 217,159 has been repaid as at April 30, 2023, and 42,000 of amounts owing to the CEO of the Company. Furthermore, the Company had an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 118,736 which is due to timing differences between the receipt of expenditures and the cash payment of day-to-day operating expenses incurred by the Company, and was offset by a decrease in the carrying value of the lease liability of 56,891, which is due to expire in fiscal 2024. The Company 
 18 
 
 has not yet finalized a renewal of the current lease terms of its head office. 
 As of April 30, 2023, the Company had a working capital deficit of 1,741,434 compared with a working capital deficit of 1,157,272 as of April 30, 2022. The increase in the working capital deficit from prior year was attributed the use of short-term financing to continue to sustain the operations of the Company. 
 During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company issued 350,111,699 common shares with a fair value of 350,112 upon the conversion of 581 Series C preferred stock in addition to the issuance of 13,600,000 common shares with a fair value of 98,660 for services incurred to a third-party consultant. Furthermore, the Company issued 386 Series C preferred stock for 386,000. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company used 872,226 of cash for operating activities compared with 1,150,005 of cash for operating activities during the year ended April 30, 2022. The decrease in cash used for operating activities represents the fact that the Company s portfolio of oil and gas assets generated an increase in revenues from fiscal 2022 which helped with the Company s overall operating cash shortfall. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company received 148,015 of cash for investing activities compared to the incurrence of 5,679,020 from investing activities during the year ended April 30, 2022. During fiscal 2022, the Company s focus was on acquisition of oil and gas assets and properties to build up its portfolio, while the current year focus was on maintaining and deriving revenues from its previously acquired oil and gas assets. Furthermore, during fiscal 2023, the Company sold one property for proceeds of 175,000. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company received 608,841 of proceeds from financing activities compared to proceeds of 4,882,334 during the year ended April 30, 2022. The decrease in proceeds from financing activities was based on the fact that the Company closed a private placement financing of common shares in fiscal 2022 for 3,920,500 less share issuance costs of 33,166, which was not replicated during fiscal 2023. Furthermore, the Company received 374,000 from issuance of Series C preferred shares compared to 1,000,000 received from Series C preferred shares during fiscal 2022. The decreases were offset by loan proceeds of 452,000 received during fiscal 2023 which was offset by loan repayments of 217,159. 
 Going Concern 
 The Company has not attained profitable operations and is dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive acquisitions and activities. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of 1,774,179 and used cash of 872,226 for operating activities. As at April 30, 2023, the Company had a working capital deficit of 1,741,434 and an accumulated deficit of 16,033,070. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The audited financial statements included in this Form 10-K does not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 19 

Future Financings 
 We will continue to rely on equity sales of our common shares in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund planned acquisitions and exploration activities. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 
 
 We regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies is included in the notes to our financial statements. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures of contingent liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Our revenue consists of royalty payments from mineral leases and oil and gas investments. 
 
 We reclassified depletion expenses to conform the current period standards. The reclassification had no material impact on our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
 
 20 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 For the Years Ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

21 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Verde Bio Holdings, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. the Company as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended April 30, 2023 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended April 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has negative cash flows from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Impairment Assessment of Oil and Gas Properties Impacted by the Company s Estimation of Proved Reserves 
 
 As of April 30, 2023, the Company s oil and gas properties totaled 1,318,506. As more fully described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company accounts for its oil and gas properties using the full cost method of accounting which requires management to make estimates of proved reserve volumes and future net revenues to assess its oil and gas properties for potential impairment . To estimate the volume of proved reserves and future net revenue, management engaged a third-party reserve engineer specialist who made significant estimates and assumptions including forecasting the production decline rate of producing properties. The estimation of proved reserves is also impacted by management s judgments and estimates 
 F-1 
 
 regarding the financial performance of wells associated with proved reserves to determine if wells are expected with reasonable certainty to be economical under the appropriate pricing assumptions required in the estimation of potential impairment assessment. We identified the estimation of proved reserves of oil and gas properties and related impairment as a critical audit matter . 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that the estimation of proved reserves is a critical audit matter is that changes in certain inputs and assumptions, which require a high degree of subjectivity, necessary to estimate the volume and future net revenues of the Company s proved reserves could have a significant impact on the measurement of potential impairment. In turn, auditing those inputs and assumptions required subjective and complex auditor judgment . 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the estimation of proved reserves included the following, among others . 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the Company s controls relating to management s estimation of proved reserves for the purpose of assessing the Company s oil and gas properties for potential impairment. 
 We evaluated the independence, objectivity, and professional qualifications of the third-party reserve engineer, made inquiries of that specialist regarding the process followed and judgments made to estimate the Company s proved reserve volumes, and read the reserve report prepared by the third-party specialist. 
 To the extent key inputs and assumptions used to determine proved reserve volumes and other cash flow inputs and assumptions, including, but not limited to based SEC pricing, historical pricing differentials and ownership interests, we tested management s process for determining the assumptions, including examining the underlying support on a sample basis. Specifically, our audit procedures involved testing management s assumptions by performing the following: 
 Recalculated pricing utilized, including validating the prices were the average oil and natural gas prices received by the Company as of the first trading day of each month over the preceding twelve months; 
 Compared the estimated pricing differentials used in the reserve report to realized prices related to revenue transactions recorded in the current year; and 
 Tested the working and net revenue interests used in the reserve report by inspecting land and division order records. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

PCAOB ID: 
 August 1, 2023 
 F-2 

VERDE BIO HOLDINGS INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 

April 30, 
 2023 
 
 April 30, 
 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Right-of-use operating lease asset 

Property and equipment, net 

Oil and natural gas properties, net based on the full cost method of accounting 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Convertible notes payable 

Due to related party 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Warrant liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current portion of operating lease liability 

Total Liabilities 

TEMPORARY EQUITY 

Series C Preferred Stock Designated: , par value of per share Issued and outstanding: and shares, respectively 

Series C accrued dividends 

Total Temporary Equity 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series A Preferred Stock Designated: shares, par value of per share Issued and outstanding: shares 

Common stock common shares, par value of per share Issued and outstanding: and common shares, respectively 

Common stock issuable 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 ) 
 ) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F-3 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 
 Year ended 
 April 30, 
 2023 
 
 Year ended 
 April 30, 
 2022 

Revenue 

Mineral property and royalty revenues 

Operating Expenses 

Consulting fees 

Depletion expense 

General and administrative 

Impairment of oil and gas properties 

Depreciation expense 

Professional fees 

Project expenditures 

Total Operating Expenses 

Net Operating Loss 
 ) 
 ) 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Commitment fees 
 
 ) 
 
 Finance charges 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Interest expense 
 ) 

Other revenue 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 
 ) 
 ) 

Net Loss and Comprehensive Loss 
 ) 
 ) 

Series C Preferred Stock Dividends 
 ) 
 ) 

Net Loss to Common Shareholders 
 ) 
 ) 

Net Loss Per Share, Basic and Diluted 
 ) 
 ) 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted 

F-4 

VERDE BIO HOLDINGS INC. 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholder s Equity 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 

Common 
 Additional 

Series A Preferred 
 Common Stock 
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Shares 
 
 Par Value 
 Issuable 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

# 
 
 # 

Balance April 30, 2021 

) 

Common shares issued upon conversion of notes payable 

) 

Common shares issued for services 

Common shares issued/issuable for cash 

) 

Common shares issued for conversion of Series A preferred shares 

Common shares issued for commitment fee 

Series C preferred stock dividend 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Common shares issued to settle accounts payable 

Share issuance cost 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net loss for the year 

) 
 ) 

Balance April 30, 2022 

) 

Series C preferred stock issued for commitment fee 

Common shares issued for conversion of Series C preferred stock 

) 

Common shares issued for services 

Series C preferred stock issued for cash 

Series C preferred stock dividend 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net loss for the period 

) 
 ) 

Balance April 30, 2023 

) 

F-5 

VERDE BIO HOLDINGS INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 Year ended 
 April 30, 
 2023 
 
 Year ended 
 April 30, 
 2022 

Operating Activities 

Net loss 
 ) 
 ) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Depletion expense 

Depreciation expense 

Finance costs related to Series C preferred stock 

Impairment loss on oil and gas properties 

Gain on settlement of debt 
 
 ) 
 
 Original issuance discount 

Shares issued for commitment fee 

Shares issued for services 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 ) 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 ) 
 
 Operating lease liability 
 ) 
 ) 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 
 ) 
 ) 

Investing Activities 

Acquisition of property and equipment 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Acquisition of oil and gas property 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of oil and gas properties 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
 
 ) 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of Series C preferred stock 

Proceeds from related party loans 

Proceeds from loans payable 

Share issuance costs 
 
 ) 
 
 Repayment of convertible debenture 
 ) 
 ) 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net change in cash 
 ) 
 ) 

Cash Beginning of Period 

Cash End of Period 

Supplemental disclosures 

Interest paid 

Income tax paid 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible debentures 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series B preferred stock 

Common stock issued for settlement of accounts payable 

Series C preferred stock accrued dividend 

Common stock issued for conversion of Series C preferred stock 

F-6 

VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 . Currently, the Company is in the business of oil and gas exploration and investment. 
 On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak and any related adverse public health developments, has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally, leading to an economic downturn. The impact on the Company has not been significant but management continues to monitor the situation. 
 Going Concern 
 These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of and used cash of for operating activities. As at April 30, 2023, the Company had a working capital deficit of and an accumulated deficit of . The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its management, and its ability to identify future investment opportunities and obtain the necessary debt or equity financing, and generating profitable operations from the Company s future operations. The Company will continue to rely on equity sales of its common shares in order to continue to fund business operations. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the date these financial statements are issued. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 F-7 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 . As at April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no items representing cash equivalents. 

years 
 
 Equipment 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 years 

F-8 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 F-9 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 (2022 potentially dilutive common shares outstanding. 
 F-10 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 F-11 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 (2022 - of royalty interest related to its oil and gas properties. The amounts earned are estimated based on the receipt of the operator s statements which is on the production statements for each property. 
 F-12 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

F-13 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 

Operating lease liabilities 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 

Operating leases 
 years 
 years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

2024 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 
 ) 
 ) 

Total 

Acquisition and exploration cost 

Disposal of mineral property 
 ) 

Depletion and impairment expense 
 ) 
 ) 

Closing balance 

Year ended April 30, 2023 
 On August 3, 2022, the Company signed a purchase and sale agreement for 100 of the working interests working subject to an 80 NRI, to certain properties located in Jack County, Texas for cash consideration of . 
 On December 9, 2022, The Company signed purchase and sale agreement to dispose of 100 of Verde s of mineral interests to certain properties located in Adams County, Colorado for cash consideration of . 
 
 Year ended April 30, 202 2 
 
 On May 4, 2021, the Company signed a purchase and sale agreement to acquire certain mineral interests located in Laramie County, Wyoming for cash consideration of . 
 
 On May 13, 2021, the Company signed a purchase and sale agreement to acquire mineral interests to certain properties located in Colorado and Ohio for cash consideration of . 
 
 F-14 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 . 
 
 On December 9, 2021, the Company acquired certain mineral interests in properties located in Belmont County, Ohio for cash consideration of . 
 
 On February 8, 2022, the Company acquired certain mineral interests in properties located Howard County, Texas for cash consideration of . 
 
 On February 15, 2022, the Company acquired certain mineral interests in properties located in Woods County, Oklahoma for cash consideration of . 
 
 In each of the above deals, different amount of interests were acquired. These interests range anywhere from approximately 0.0003 to 1.68 . 

Additions 

Balance, April 30, 2023 

5. Property and Equipment (continued) 

Accumulated depreciation 

Balance, April 30, 2022 

Additions 

Balance, April 30, 2023 

Balance, April 30, 2022 

Balance, April 30, 2023 

net of original issuance discount of and legal fees of . Under the terms of the agreement, the Company incurred a one-time interest charge of upon the closing of the agreement, which has been recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and is required to remit a monthly repayment of commencing in July 2022. If the Company defaults on the loan agreement, the outstanding principal balance will increase to 150 of the principal balance owing at the time of default, and the holder has the right to convert the remaining balance outstanding at the time of default at 75 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the last 10 trading days prior to default. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company repaid the totality of the convertible loan principal and interest balances. 
 On January 9, 2023, the Company entered into an additional convertible loan agreement with the same arms-length party for net of original issuance discount of and legal fees of . Under the terms of the agreement, the Company incurred a one-time interest charge of upon the closing of the agreement, which has been recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and is required to remit a monthly repayment of 8,060 commencing in March 2023. If the Company defaults 
 F-15 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 of loan payable balance and of accrued interest remain outstanding. 
 On March 2, 2023, the Company entered into an additional convertible loan agreement with the same arms-length party for net of original issuance discount of and financing fees of . Under the terms of the agreement, the Company incurred a one-time interest charge of upon the closing of the agreement, which has been recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and is required to remit a monthly repayment of 25,298 commencing in March 2023. If the Company defaults on the loan agreement, the outstanding principal balance will increase to 150 of the principal balance owing at the time of default, and the holder has the right to convert the remaining balance outstanding at the time of default at 75 of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the last 10 trading days prior to default. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company repaid a total of 25,298 on the convertible loan, comprised of 22,587 of principal and 2,711 of accrued interest. As of April 30, 2023, of loan payable balance and of accrued interest remain outstanding. 
 
 (2022 - to the President and Director of the Company which is non-interest bearing, unsecured, and due on demand. 
 F-16 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 (2022 - for accrued management and consulting fees to the President and Director of the Company. 
 
 common shares with a par value of per share. 
 Year ended April 30, 2023 
 On May 10, 2022, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On May 13, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On May 26, 2022, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On June 15, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On June 16, 2022, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On July 8, 2022, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On July 18, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On July 21, 2022, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On August 15, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On August 18, 2022, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On September 14, 2022 the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On September 22, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On October 17, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On November 2, 2022, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On December 14, 2022, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On January 9, 2023, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On January 19, 2023, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 F-17 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 On April 4, 2023, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 
 Year ended April 30, 2022 
 Between May 3, 2021 to June 10, 2021, the Company issued common shares at 0.01 per common share for proceeds of , of which was received as at April 30, 2021. As part of the financing, the Company paid share issuance costs of which is recorded as a charge against additional paid-in capital. 
 On May 4, 4021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On May 13, 2021, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock. Refer to Note 9. 
 On May 14, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On May 17, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for legal services. 
 On June 21, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On July 15, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On July 22, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On August 3, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On August 16, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On September 20, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On October 15, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On November 15, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On December 15, 2021, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On January 11, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of to the spouse of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company for services. 
 On January 17, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On February 15, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 F-18 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On April 15, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 On April 18, 2022, the Company issued common shares with a fair value of for consulting services. 
 
 shares of preferred stock as Series A. The holders of Series A preferred shares are entitled to receive dividends equal to the amount of the dividend or distribution per share of common stock payable multiplied by the number of shares of common stock the shares of Series A preferred shares held by such holder are convertible into. Each Series A preferred shares is convertible into one common share. Each holder of Series A preferred shares is entitled to cast 10,000 votes for every one Series A preferred share held. 
 Convertible Preferred Series C stock 
 On December 3, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the December Agreement with an arms-length party for the issuance of up to 1,000 shares of convertible preferred Series C stock Series C for 1,000,000 based on the stated value of 1,000 per share. Under the December Agreement, the Company has a put option with regards to the Series C shares. Under the terms of the December Agreement, the Series C shares are non-redeemable, subject to annual dividend payments of 10 and are convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount to the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of the notice of conversion from the note holder. In addition to the Series C shares, the Company issued an additional 40 Series C shares, with a fair value of , to the note holder as a commitment fee on the Agreement. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company issued common shares upon the conversion of 581 Series C preferred stock. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company issued 150 Series C preferred stock for 143,000, net of issuance and transaction costs of 7,000. As at April 30, 2023, 609 (April 30, 2022 1,040) shares of Series C preferred stock remained unpurchased and outstanding under the December Agreement. 
 On May 24, 2022, the Company entered into an additional securities purchase agreement (the May Agreement with an arms-length party for the issuance of up to 250 shares of convertible preferred Series C stock for . Under the May Agreement, the Company has a put option with regards to the Series C shares. Under the terms of the May Agreement, the Series C shares are entitled to receive dividends at 8 per annum and are convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount to the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of the notice of conversion from the note holder. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company issued 236 Series C preferred stock for proceeds of net of issuance and transaction costs of . 
 The Series C preferred stock and the accrued dividends relating to the stock are classified as temporary equity. As at April 30, 2023, the Company had 845 (April 30, 2022 1,040) shares of Series C stock with a carrying value of (April 30, 2022 - and recorded accrued dividend payable of (April 30, 2022 - which is included in temporary equity and offset against additional paid in capital. 
 F-19 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 warrants on December 8, 2021 with a conversion price of 0.01067 per share for a period of five years and warrants on January 27, 2022 with a conversion price of 0.01045 per share for a period of five years. The fair value of the warrants was based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model assuming an expected life of 5 years, volatility of 314-318 , risk-free rate of 1.2-1.7 , and no expected dividends. The fair value of the warrants was treated as a liability as it met the conditions of a liability in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. As the fair value of the warrants were greater than the gross proceeds received on the issuance of the Series C shares, the excess difference of was recorded in the statement of operations as a finance cost. 

Additional information regarding share purchase warrants as of April 30, 2023 is as follows: 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable 

Range of 
 Exercise Prices 
 
 Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (years) 

F-20 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 
 of net operating losses carried forward to offset taxable income in future years which expire commencing in fiscal 2030. The income tax benefit differs from the amount computed by applying the US federal income tax rate of to net loss before income taxes for the year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 as a result of the following:) 
 ) 
 
 Statutory rate 

Computed expected tax recovery 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Permanent differences and other 

) 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities as at April 30, 2023 and 2022 after applying enacted corporate income tax rates are as follows: 

Total gross deferred income tax assets 

Valuation allowance 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Net deferred tax asset 

Future tax benefits, which may arise as a result of these losses, have not been recognized in these financial statements, and have been offset by a valuation allowance. As at April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company has no uncertain tax positions. 
 
 F-21 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 

Acquisition 

Production 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Proved reserves, April 30, 2022 

Acquisition 

Production 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Proved reserves, April 30, 2023 

Proved developed reserve quantities 

Proved undeveloped reserve quantities 

Total developed and undeveloped reserves 

Standardized Measure of Discounted Net Cash Flows 
 Guidelines prescribed in FASB s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932 Extractive Industries Oil and Gas ASC Topic 932 ), have been followed for computing a standardized measure of future net cash flows and changes therein relating to estimated proved reserves. Future cash inflows are determined by applying prices and costs, including transportation, quality, and basis differentials, to the year-end estimated quantities of oil, natural gas and NGLs to be produced in the future. The resulting future net cash flows are reduced to present value amounts by applying a ten percent annual discount factor. 
 The assumptions used to compute the standardized measure are those prescribed by the FASB and the SEC. These assumptions do not necessarily reflect the Company s expectations of actual revenues to be derived from those reserves, nor their present value. The limitations inherent in the reserve quantity estimation process, as discussed previously, are equally applicable to the standardized measure computations since these reserve quantity estimates are the basis for the valuation process. Reserve estimates are inherently imprecise and estimates of new discoveries and undeveloped locations are more imprecise than estimates of established proved producing oil and gas properties. Accordingly, these estimates are expected to change as future information becomes available. 
 The following table sets forth the discounted future net cash flows attributable to the Company s proved oil and natural gas reserves as at April 30, 2023 based on the standardized measure prescribed in ASC Topic 932: 

Future income tax expense 
 ) 
 ) 

Future net cash flows 

10 annual discount 
 ) 
 ) 

Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows 

F-22 
 
 VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Expressed in US dollars) 

Natural Gas (per Mcf) 

Principal changes in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows attributable to the Company s proved reserves are as follows: 

Purchase of minerals and reserves in place 

Timing difference and other 
 
 ) 

Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows, end of period 

F-23 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of April 30, 2023 Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and in light of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls over financial reporting, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective for the reasons discussed below. 
 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023 using the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework - 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023 the Company determined that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 
 
 1. We do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management's view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company's financial statement. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management's activities. 
 
 2. We did not maintain appropriate cash controls As of April 30, 2023, the Company has not maintained sufficient internal controls over financial reporting for the cash process, including failure to segregate cash handling and accounting functions, and did not require dual signature on the Company's bank accounts. Alternatively, the effects of poor cash controls were mitigated by the fact that the Company had limited transactions in their bank accounts. 
 
 24 
 
 3. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls As of April 30, 2023, the Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company's data or off-site storage of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 
 
 4. We do not have sufficient monitoring and review controls with respect to accounting for complex transactions. 
 
 5. We have a lack of sufficient controls over financial reporting and day to day accounting, including oversight, monitoring and review, primarily from limited personnel and segregation of duties. 
 
 Accordingly, the Company concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company's internal controls. 
 
 As a result of the material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of April 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with our evaluation we conducted of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Continuing Remediation Efforts to address deficiencies in Company's Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Once the Company is engaged in a business of merit and has sufficient personnel available, then our Board of Directors, in particular and in connection with the aforementioned deficiencies, will establish the following remediation measures: 
 
 1. Our Board of Directors will nominate an audit committee or a financial expert on our Board of Directors in the next fiscal year. 
 
 2. We will appoint additional personnel to assist with the preparation of the Company's monthly financial reporting, including preparation of the monthly bank reconciliations. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 None. 
 25 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. 
 
 Identification of Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 The following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers: 
 
 Name 
 Age 
 Position with the Company 
 Since 
 
 Scott Cox 
 51 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary 
 2019(1) 

(1) Mr. Cox was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Secretary effective November 22, 2019 and as the sole director effective January 06, 2020. 
 
 The board of directors has no nominating, audit or compensation committee at this time. 
 
 Term of Office 
 
 Each of our directors is appointed to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until his respective successor is elected and qualified, or until he resigns or is removed in accordance with the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statues. Our officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until removed by the Board or until their resignation. 
 
 Background and Business Experience 
 
 The business experience during the past five years of the person presently listed above as an Officer or Director of the Company is as follows: 
 
 Scott Cox- Director, Chief Executive Officer - Mr. Cox has over 20 years of experience in the management and operations of public and private companies. Most recently, Scott served as the President and COO of NewBridge Global Ventures, Inc, (OTC: NBGV) from October 2017 to September 2018, where he led a transition into the legal cannabis space and successful reverse merger with a family owned consortium of companies. Since October 2015, Mr. Cox has served as a Principal in Basin Capital, Inc., a private family office focused on the acquisition and divestiture of oil and gas properties and various entrepreneurial ventures. Prior to Basin Capital, from July 2013 to October 2015, Mr. Cox served as Vice President of Land for Breitling Energy Corporation (OTC: BECC) where he was instrumental in acquiring over 20 million in producing and non-producing oil and gas properties. Prior to that he served as Director of Operations for Frontier Oilfield Services, Inc from September 2012 where he helped lead a public company acquisition and roll-up of 2 privately owned oilfield service companies. Mr. Cox attended Eastern New Mexico University where he studied Business Administration. 
 
 Identification of Significant Employees 
 
 The Company has three (3) full time employees, including our Chief Executive Officer. We also use consultants and independent contractors on a case-to-case basis. 
 
 Family Relationship 
 
 We currently do not have any officers or directors of our Company who are related to each other. 
 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 
 During the past ten years no director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company has been involved in the following: 
 
 (1) petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law which was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or 
 26 
 
 any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 
 
 (2) Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 
 
 (3) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 
 
 i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 
 
 ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; or 
 
 iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 
 
 (4) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 
 
 (5) Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
 
 (6) Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 
 
 (7) Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 
 
 i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 
 
 ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 
 
 iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity. 
 
 (8) Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 
 
 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 The Company does not have an audit committee or an audit committee financial expert (as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K) serving on its Board of Directors. All current members of the Board of Directors lack sufficient 
 27 
 
 financial expertise for overseeing financial reporting responsibilities. The Company has not yet employed an audit committee financial expert on its Board due to the inability to attract such a person. 
 
 The Company intends to establish an audit committee of the board of directors, which will consist of independent directors. The audit committee's duties will be to recommend to the Company's board of directors the engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Company's financial statements and to review the Company's accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee will review the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent registered public accounting firm, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of the Company's board of directors, free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Our Board of Directors has not adopted a code of ethics due to the fact that we presently only have one director who also serves as the sole executive officer of the Company and the Board of Directors chose not to reduce to writing standards designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct. The Board of Directors believes that the Company's small size and the limited number of personnel who are responsible for its operations make a formal Code of Ethics unnecessary. We anticipate that we will adopt a code of ethics when we increase either the number of our directors and officers or the number of our employees. 
 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of change in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to us under Rule 16a-3(e) during the year ended April 30, 202, and the representations made by the reporting persons to us, we believe that during the year ended April 30, 2022 our executive officers and directors and all persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 
 28 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The following table sets forth the compensation paid to our executive officers during the twelve-month periods ended April 30, 2023 and 2022: 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 

Officer/ 
 Position 
 Fiscal Year Ended 4/30 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Scott Cox (Director, President Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary Treasurer) 
 2022 
 180,000 
 190,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 370,000 
 
 2023 
 185,000 
 40,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 225,000 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 
 
 There are no employment contracts, compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any executive officer, that would result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with the Company, or its subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person's responsibilities following a change in control of the Company. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 
 The Company has not issued any equity compensation any officer or director. 
 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans 
 
 There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 We currently do not have a compensation committee of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors as a whole determines executive compensation. 
 
 Compensation of Directors 
 
 Our directors receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. 
 
 29 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock and preferred stock owned beneficially as of July 29, 2023 by: (i) each of our directors; (ii) each of our named executive officers; and (iii) each person or group known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock. Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed below possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares they own. As of July 29, 2023, we had 1,277,573,921 shares of common stock and 500,000 shares of convertible Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership(1) 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 
 Common Stock 
 Scott Cox(3) 
 PO Box 67 
 Jacksboro Texas 76458 
 22,000,000 
 1.31 

All Officers and Directors as a Group 
 22,000,000 
 1.31 
 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 Scott Cox(3) 
 PO Box 67 
 Jacksboro Texas 76458 
 500,000 
 100 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (1 Person) 
 500,000 
 100 

(1) The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined under rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option or other right. The persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable and the information contained in the footnotes to this table. 
 (2) Based on 1,683,077,167.00 issued and outstanding shares of common stock and 500,000 shares of Series A Preferred stock as of July 29, 2027. 
 (3) Scott Cox is the sole officer of the Company. 
 
 Changes in Control 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 Other than as set forth in Note 5 to the Financial Statements, none of the directors or executive officers of the Company, nor any person who owned of record or was known to own beneficially more than 5 of the Company's outstanding shares of its Common Stock, nor any associate or affiliate of such persons or companies, has any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction that has occurred during the past fiscal year, or in any proposed transaction, which has materially affected or will affect the Company. 
 With regard to any future related party transaction, we plan to fully disclose any and all related party transactions in the following manner: 
 Disclosing such transactions in reports where required; 
 Disclosing in any and all filings with the SEC, where required; 
 Obtaining disinterested directors consent; and 
 Obtaining shareholder consent where required. 
 
 Please refer to Note 5 of the Financial Statements. 
 30 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Year Ended 
 April 30, 202 3 

Year Ended 
 April 30, 202 2 

Audit fees 

69,500 

60,300 

Audit-related fees 

5,005 

7,519 

Tax fees 

2,470 

4,470 

All other fees 

Total 

76,975 

72,289 

Audit Fees 
 
 During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we incurred approximately 69,500 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit and reviews of our financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, we incurred approximately 60,300 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit and reviews of our financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022. 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 for assurance and related services by our principal independent accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements (and are not reported under Item 9(e)(1)) of Schedule 14A was 5,005 and 7,519, respectively. 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 for professional services rendered by our principal accountant tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning were 2,470 and 4,470, respectively. 
 
 All Other Fees 
 
 The aggregate fees billed during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 for products and services provided by our principal independent accountants (other than the services reported in Items 9(e)(1) through 9(e)(3) of Schedule 14A was 0 and 0, respectively for assistance with the preparation of our financial statements. 
 
 31 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS. 
 
 (a) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
 
 3.01 
 Amended and Restated 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 Filed previously 
 
 3.02 
 Bylaws 
 Filed with the SEC on June 11, 2010 as part of our Registration Statement on Form S-1. 
 
 10.2 
 Consent of Mire Petroleum 
 Filed herewith 
 
 10.3 
 Reserve Report 
 Filed herewith 
 
 31.01 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 31.02 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 32.01 
 CEO Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 32.02 
 CFO Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Pursuant to Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 
 32 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VERDE BIO HOLDINGS, INC. 

Dated: August 1, 2023 
 /s/ Scott Cox 

By: Scott Cox 

Its: Chief Executive Officer Principal 
 Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Dated: August 1, 2023 
 /s/ Scott Cox 

By: Scott Cox, Director 

33 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 vbhi_ex10z2.htm
 CONSENT OF MIRE PETROLEUM

August 1, 2023 
 
 Sadler Gibb Associates, LLC 
 344 W 13800 S, Suite 250 
 Draper, UT 84020 

ATTN: MR. Kirk Gibb 

SUBJECT: Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. 
 May 1, 2023 - Reserves 

Mire Petroleum Consultants hereby consents to the use of its name and the information from its reports regarding its estimates of reserves and future net revenues from the production and sale of those reserves of Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. for use in their filings with the Securities Exchange Commission, including but not limited to, 8-K, 10-K, and 14f as of the date reported August 1, 2023. 

Sincerely, 

Kurt Mire, P.E. 
 Petroleum Consultant 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 vbhi_ex10z3.htm
 RESERVE REPORT

May 11, 2023 

Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. 
 5750 Genesis Court, Suite 220B 
 Frisco, TX 75034 
 ATTN: MR. SCOTT COX 
 
 SUBJECT: VERDE BIO HOLDINGS 
 SEC RESERVES EVALUATION AS OF May 1, 2023 

Mr. Cox, 
 
 Mire Petroleum Consultants (MPC) has evaluated the oil and gas reserves as of May 1, 2023, for the Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. (VBH) properties in Oklahoma, Louisiana, Ohio, Colorado, Texas, West Virginia, and Wyoming. Reserves and cash flows were generated for the VBH interests using SEC pricing 89.00/barrel and 5.67/MMBTU). These estimates were done as per the Securities and Exchange Commission s standards as described in the December 2008 amendment of Section 210.4-10 of Regulation S X. This report is provided to VBH to satisfy the requirements contained in Item 1202(a)(8) of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K. 
 
 As of May 1, 2023, we estimate net proved reserves to be 26,590 barrels of oil and 315,200 MCF of gas. Discounted (10 net present value of the proved reserves is 2,330,760. 
 
 Total proved, probable and possible reserves were also evaluated. These reserves total 38,140 barrels of oil and 371,850 MCF of gas with a discounted (10 value of 2,946,590. 

DISCUSSION 
 
 Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. has mineral, royalty, and working interests in several properties across seven (7) U.S. states. A total of four hundred twelve (412) reserves cases have been identified and evaluated. These include producing, non-producing and undeveloped wells or leases. A summary of the proved, probable and possible reserves and value is shown in Table 1. 
 
 Sanchez Resources 2016 YE Reserves Evaluation 
 
 Table 1. Verde Bio Holdings reserves and value summary, as of May 1, 2023. 

AVAILABLE DATA 
 
 Public production data was available for most of the leases through February 2023. Public land maps, well permitting and other well data was available. Revenue checks, assignments and property descriptions were also provided by VBH for most of the properties. 

METHOD OF APPRAISAL 
 
 The purpose of this report is to estimate oil and gas reserves for Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. using industry standard assumptions and methods. The properties have been evaluated based on future net cash flow or income. This income will accrue to the appraised interest as the wells are produced to their economic limits. The future net income has also been shown discounted at ten (10 percent to determine its present worth as required by Regulation S - X. 

RESERVES EVALUATION 
 
 For the cash flow analysis an oil price of 89.00 per barrel and gas price of 5.67 per MMBTU were used. These prices are based on the last twelve-month prices as specified by SEC rules. Local field price differentials were also applied, and average realized prices after differentials are 89.42 per barrel of oil and 5.53 per MMBTU of gas. These prices were held constant (no escalations). 

Ownership values for the properties were determined from revenue statements, lease and well assignments and other data by MPC. Verde Bio Holdings confirmed these ownership interests. 
 
 The estimates shown in this report are for proved, probable and possible reserves. Reserve categorization conveys the relative degree of certainty; reserves subcategorization is based on development and production status. The estimates of reserves and future revenue included herein have not been adjusted for risk. 
 
 SUMMARY 
 
 Reserves were estimated for the wells and leases by using engineering and geologic methods widely accepted in the industry. For producing reservoirs, performance methods were used to estimate reserves. For non-producing or undeveloped cases, volumetric calculations or analogy to similar reserves or wells were used to estimate reserves. Extrapolations were made of various historical data including operating expenses, production taxes, and oil, gas, and water production. 
 
 MPC have made use of all data, appropriate methods, and procedures that are needed to prepare this report according to SEC regulation S-X Section 210.4-10 as amended in December 2008. All estimates are a function of the quality of the available data and are subject to the existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations in effect at the time of the report. The reserves presented in this report are estimates only and should not be interpreted as being exact amounts. Actual volumes recovered could be higher or lower than estimated. 
 
 Not only are our reserves and revenue estimates based on that information, which is currently available, but also our estimates are subject to the uncertainties inherent in the application of judgmental factors in interpreting such information. New regulations could have an adverse effect on the reserves calculated in this report. 
 
 Kurt Mire supervised or performed all the relevant technical work during the creation of this report. He is a licensed petroleum engineer and officer of Mire Associates, Inc. a Texas corporation (DBA Mire Petroleum Consultants). Kurt Mire has a B.S. degree in Petroleum Engineering from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette. He has over 35 years of experience in creating reserve reports and completing reserves analysis for conventional and unconventional fields in the United States. 

As of May 1, 2023, we estimate net proved reserves to be 26,590 barrels of oil and 315,200 MCF of gas. Discounted (10 net present value of the proved reserves is 2,330,760. 
 
 Total proved, probable and possible reserves were also evaluated. These reserves total 38,140 barrels of oil and 371,850 MCF of gas with a discounted (10 value of 2,946,590. 
 
 In my opinion, the reserve estimates presented in this report are reasonable and were made with generally accepted engineering and evaluation principles. The Economic Summary Projection tables for total reserves and proved, probable and possible reserves classes are attached. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 vbhi_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Scott Cox, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Verde Bio Holdings, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 
 
 (a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 1, 2023 
 /s/ S COTT C OX Scott Cox, Chief Executive Officer 
 Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 vbhi_ex31z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Scott Cox, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Verde Bio Holdings, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The small business issuer s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 
 
 (a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small business issuer s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 1, 2023 
 /s/ S COTT C OX Scott Cox, Chief Executive Officer 
 Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 vbhi_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended April 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott Cox, Principal Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 1, 2023 
 
 /s/ S COTT C OX Scott Cox, Chief Executive Officer 
 Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 vbhi_ex32z2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended April 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott Cox, Principal Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 1, 2023 
 /s/ S COTT C OX Scott Cox, Principal Financial Officer 
 Verde Bio Holdings, Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vbhi-20230430_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vbhi-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vbhi-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vbhi-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 vbhi-20230430.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

