<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230706_10-K_edgar_data_1415813_0001683168-23-004680.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1514015</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>77084</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>355118</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>307197</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>293558</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>446496</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-004680.hdr.sgml : 20230706
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230706130243
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-004680
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230706
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230706

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001415813
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				830500896
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56328
		FILM NUMBER:		231072896

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1-45A WEST WILMOT ST.
		CITY:			RICHMOND HILL
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L4B 2P2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		905-962-0823

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1-45A WEST WILMOT ST.
		CITY:			RICHMOND HILL
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L4B 2P2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Un Monde International Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210802

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASIARIM CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-004680.txt : 20230706

10-K
 1
 unmonde_i10k-123122.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to _____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+ 1- - 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

ASIARIM CORP. 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately
 nil . 

The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding on
June 30, 2023 was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 5 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market Price and Dividends on the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 6 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 6 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 8 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 8 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 8 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 8 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 9 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 10 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 11 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 11 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 12 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 12 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 14 
 
 Item 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 14 

Signatures 
 15 

i 

Use of Certain Defined Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context,
references in this report to Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd. , we, us, our, 
 our Company . 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking
statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, could, 
 should, would, may, seek, plan, might, will, 
 expect, anticipate, predict, project, forecast, potential, 
 continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are
based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to
be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties.
Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or
that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition
or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding
future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that
are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements represent our
intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors.
Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied
by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking
statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent
written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to
us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events,
conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 

(a) Business Development 

Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd. (the Company was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 15, 2007, as Asiarim Corp. The Company was a development stage company with
the goal of acquire private corporations that are involved in education and management services offering private, distinguished, specialized,
and internationalized education to international students in schools. 

Prior to 2012, the Company engaged in the computer
electronics business as it completed the acquisition of Commodore. 

The former business operations of Asiarim Corp.
and its subsidiaries were abandoned by former management and a custodianship action, as described in the subsequent paragraph, was commenced
in 2016. The Company filed its last 10Q in 2011, this financial report included liabilities and debts. As of the date of this filing,
these liabilities and debts have been addressed and the legal opinion for debt write off. 

On May 5, 2016, the Eighth District Court of Clark
County, Nevada granted the Application for Appointment of Custodian as a result of the absence of a functioning board of directors and
the revocation of the Company s charter. The order appointed Bryan Glass Mr. Glass , the Custodian custodian with the right to appoint officers and directors, negotiate and compromise debt, execute contracts, issue stock, and authorize
new classes of stock. 

The court awarded custodianship to Mr. Glass based
on the absence of a functioning board of directors, revocation of the company s charter, and abandonment of the business. At this
time, Ms. Glass was appointed sole officer and director. 

The Company was severely delinquent in filing
annual reports for the Company s charter. The last annual report was filed on September 30, 2010 in on Form 10-K. In addition, the
company was subject to Exchange Act reporting requirements including filing 10Q s and 10Ks. The Company filed its last 10Q for quarter
ending June 30, 2011, and was out of compliance with Exchange Act reporting. Mr. Glass attempted to contact the Company s officers
and directors through letters, emails, and phone calls, with no success. 

Mr. Glass was a shareholder in the Company and
applied to the Court for an Order appointing Brian Glass as the Custodian. This application was for the purpose of reinstating the Company s
corporate charter to do business and restoring value to the Company for the benefit of the stockholders. 

Mr. Glass performed the following actions in its
capacity as custodian: 

Funded any expenses of the company including paying off outstanding liabilities 

Brought the Company back into compliance with the Nevada Secretary of State, resident agent, transfer agent 

Appointed officers and directors and held a shareholders meeting 

The Custodian paid the following expenses on behalf
of the company: 

Nevada Secretary of State for reinstatement of the Company, 3,925 

Transfer agent, Island Stock Transfer, 9,100 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation for the Company, 175. 

Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd. (the Company was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 15, 2007, as Asiarim Corp. The Company was a development stage company with
the goal of acquire private corporations that are involved in education and management services offering private, distinguished, specialized,
and internationalized education to international students in schools. 

Prior to 2012, the Company engaged in the computer
electronics business as it completed the acquisition of Commodore. 

The former business operations of Asiarim Corp.
and its subsidiaries were abandoned by former management and a custodianship action, as described in the subsequent paragraph, was commenced
in 2016. The Company filed its last 10Q in 2011, this financial report included liabilities and debts. As of the date of this filing,
these liabilities and debts have been addressed and the legal opinion for debt write off. 

1 

On May 5, 2016, the Eighth District Court of Clark
County, Nevada granted the Application for Appointment of Custodian as a result of the absence of a functioning board of directors and
the revocation of the Company s charter. The order appointed Bryan Glass Mr. Glass , the Custodian custodian with the right to appoint officers and directors, negotiate and compromise debt, execute contracts, issue stock, and authorize
new classes of stock. 

The court awarded custodianship to Mr. Glass based
on the absence of a functioning board of directors, revocation of the company s charter, and abandonment of the business. At this
time, Ms. Glass was appointed sole officer and director. 

The Company was severely delinquent in filing
annual reports for the Company s charter. The last annual report was filed on September 30, 2010 in on Form 10-K. In addition, the
company was subject to Exchange Act reporting requirements including filing 10Q s and 10Ks. The Company filed its last 10Q for quarter
ending June 30, 2011, and was out of compliance with Exchange Act reporting. Mr. Glass attempted to contact the Company s officers
and directors through letters, emails, and phone calls, with no success. 

Mr. Glass was a shareholder in the Company and
applied to the Court for an Order appointing Brian Glass as the Custodian. This application was for the purpose of reinstating the Company s
corporate charter to do business and restoring value to the Company for the benefit of the stockholders. 

Mr. Glass performed the following actions in its
capacity as custodian: 

Funded any expenses of the company including paying off outstanding liabilities 

Brought the Company back into compliance with the Nevada Secretary of State, resident agent, transfer agent 

Appointed officers and directors and held a shareholders meeting 

The Custodian paid the following expenses on behalf
of the company: 

Nevada Secretary of State for reinstatement of the Company, 3,925 

Transfer agent, Island Stock Transfer, 9,100 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation for the Company, 175. 

(b) Business of Issuer 

Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd. formerly Asiarim Corp. (the Company is a developmental stage company, incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 15, 2007. Our plan of business has not been
implemented but will incorporate the acquisition of private corporations involved in education and management services offering private,
distinguished, specialized, and internationalized education to international students in schools. 

The Company changed its name in Nevada, the state of domicile, to
Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd. At present financial revenue has not yet been realized. The Company hopes to raise capital in order
to fund the acquisitions. All statements involving our business plan are forward looking statements and have not been implemented as
of this filing. 

The Company is moving in a new direction, statements made relating
to our business plan are forward looking statements and we have no history of performance and have not implemented our business plan.
Current management does not have any experience in acquisition of international educational companies but is actively looking for a suitable
person to incorporate into the management team. 

We feel that our contemplated business plan addresses the need for
additional development in the education industry. 

Our contemplated business is within the industry of educating international
students, so they have the tools to contribute and thrive in an interdependent world. Our vision incorporates the spirit of social responsibility,
not only on a local community basis but also on a global scale. We will achieve this through multilingual education and critical thinking
so the student may integrate into any cultural situation. 

The impact of social distancing requirements due to Covid-19 has accelerated
already robust global growth in online education, a trend many expect to continue even after Covid-19 restrictions are lifted. 

As governments in China attempt to reduce the cost of studying abroad,
providing such opportunities in a cost-effective way has become the focus for leading educational institutions. In a post-Covid world,
online education is far and away now the ideal solution. 

2 

International education is generally taken to include: 

Traditional curriculum (math, sciences, languages) 

Knowledge of other world regions cultures; 

Familiarity with international and global issues; 

Skills in working effectively within global or cross-cultural environments, and using information from different sources around the
world; 

Ability to communicate in multiple languages; and 

Dispositions towards respect and concern for other cultures and peoples. 

The Company intends to implement its business plan upon raising capital.
Subject to available capital, the Company intends to invest in: 

 Development 

Formal and informal education curriculum 

Training, exchange programs, cross-cultural communication 

Implementation 

Promoting international understanding/international-mindedness and/or global awareness/understanding 

Being active in global engagement/global or world citizenship 

Increasing intercultural understanding and respect for difference 

Encouraging tolerance and commitment to peace 

The analysis will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our
management. As of the date of this filing, we have not entered into definitive agreements. In our continued efforts to analyze potential
business plan, we intend to consider the following factors: 

Potential for growth, indicated by anticipated market expansion or new technology; 

Competitive position as compared to other schools of similar size and experience within the education segment as well as within the
industry as a whole; 

Strength and diversity of management, and the accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, services, professional assistance
and other required items; 

Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the Company or from operations, through the
sale of additional securities or convertible debt, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources; 

The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced in the marketplace; and 

Other relevant factors 

In applying the foregoing criteria, management will attempt to analyze
all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Due to our limited
capital available for investigation, we may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired. Additionally,
we will be competing against other entities that may have greater financial, technical, and managerial capabilities for identifying and
completing our business plan. 

We are unable to predict when we will, if ever, identify and implement
our business plan. We anticipate that proposed business plan would be made available to us through personal contacts of our directors,
officers and principal stockholders, professional advisors, broker-dealers, venture capitalists, members of the financial community and
others who may present unsolicited proposals. In certain cases, we may agree to pay a finder s fee or to otherwise compensate the
persons who introduce the Company to business opportunities in which we participate. 

There is no geographic limitation to the location of targets, as these
types of opportunities are not necessarily bound by geography; provided however, we expressly disclaim any intent to and we will not pursue
a business combination with a target company (either directly or through any subsidiaries) with any operations in China, Hong Kong or
Macau nor will we consummate a business combination with any such entity ever. 

We expect that our due diligence will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management of the target business and inspection of its facilities, as necessary, as well as a review of financial
and other information, which is made available to the Company. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or
by third parties we may engage. We anticipate that we may rely on the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash payments for services
or expenses related to any analysis. 

3 

We may incur time and costs required to select and evaluate our business
structure and complete our business plan, which cannot presently be determined with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect
to the indemnification and evaluation of a prospective international education program that is not ultimately completed may result in
a loss to the Company. These fees may include legal costs, accounting costs, finder s fees, consultant s fees and other related
expenses. We have no present arrangements for any of these types of fees. 

We anticipate that the investigation of specific business opportunities
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys, consultants, and others. Costs may be incurred in the investigation
process, which may not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity,
the failure to consummate that transaction may result in a loss to the Company of the related costs incurred. 

Competition 

Our company expects to compete with many countries in the international
education industry. In addition, there are several competitors that are larger and more profitable than ARMC. We expect that the quantity
and composition of our competitive environment will continue to evolve as the industry matures. Additionally, increased competition is
possible to the extent that new geographies enter the marketplace as a result of continued enactment of regulatory and legislative changes.
We believe that diligently establishing and expanding our funding sources will establish us in an already established industry. Additionally,
we expect that establishing our product offerings on new platforms are factors that mitigate the risk associated with operating in a developing
competitive environment. Additionally, the contemporaneous growth of the industry as a whole will result in new students entering the
international education marketplace, thereby further mitigating the impact of competition on our future operations and results. 

Compliance with education standards and guidelines will increase development
costs and the cost of operating our business. In turn, we may not be able to meet the competitive price point for our education curriculum
dictated by the market and our competitors. 

Again, these are forward looking statements and not an indication of
past performance. There is no guarantee that we will be able to implement our business plan and have no merger candidates. 

Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations on the Business 

We are subject to the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Under the Exchange Act, we will be required to file with the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current
reports on Form 8-K. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act creates a strong and independent accounting oversight board to oversee the conduct of auditors
of public companies and to strengthen auditor independence. It also (1) requires steps be taken to enhance the direct responsibility of
senior members of management for financial reporting and for the quality of financial disclosures made by public companies; (2) establishes
clear statutory rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; (3) creates
guidelines for audit committee members appointment, and compensation and oversight of the work of public companies auditors;
(4) prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; and (5) establishes a federal crime of securities fraud, among
other provisions. 

We will also be subject to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, which
requires all companies with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to comply with the rules and regulations
of the SEC regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our stockholders at a special or annual
meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require us to provide our stockholders with the information outlined in Schedules
14A or 14C of Regulation 14A. Preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that
definitive copies of this information are provided to our stockholders. 

Employees 

The Company currently has one officer, one director and no employees.
We anticipate that we will begin to fill out our management team as and when we raise capital to execute our business plan. In the interim,
we will utilize independent consultants to assist with accounting and administrative matters. We currently have no employment agreements
and believe our consulting relationships are satisfactory. We plan to continue to hire independent consultants from time to time on an
as-needed basis. 

4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 2. 
 Properties 

The Company does not own any real estate or other
properties and has not entered into any long-term lease or rental agreements for property. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which
the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than
5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or stockholder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market Price and Dividends on the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

(a) Market information. 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC
market Pink Sheets under the symbol ARMC and there is limited liquidity in the public trading market for the class of common
equity. Although our stock is quoted on OTC markets, the existence of limited or sporadic quotations should not of itself be deemed to
constitute an established public trading market. There is no established public trading market for our shares. For the periods indicated,
the following table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of common stock. The below prices represent inter-dealer quotations
without retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Price Range 

Period 
 
 High ) 

Low ) 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 

2.00 

2.00 

Second Quarter 

1.80 

1.80 

Third Quarter 

1.80 

1.80 

Fourth Quarter 

1.68 

1.68 

Year Ended December 31, 2021: 

First Quarter 

2.25 

2.25 

Second Quarter 

2.40 

2.40 

Third Quarter 

2.40 

2.40 

Fourth Quarter 

2.25 

2.25 

(b) Holders. 

As of March 10, 2023, there are approximately 87
holders of an aggregate of 64,933,466 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

(c) Dividends. 

We have not paid any cash dividends to date and
do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the president intention of management to utilize all
available funds for the development of the Registrant s business. 

(d) Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

None. 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the
perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect
our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements
and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In addition to historical
financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. 

6 

Business Overview 

Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd is a developmental
stage company that focus on offering education and management services to private, distinguished, specialized, and internationalized education
to international students in schools. We are tentatively looking for capital or different target companies in same industry for acquisition
for our business plan. 

Going Concern 

Our auditor has indicated in their reports on
our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations, deficit in equity, and the need to raise additional capital
to fund operations. A going concern opinion could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of debt
or equity securities. 

Recent Developments 

The Company ceased being a shell company as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which defines a shell company as a company that has 

(A) no or nominal operations; and, 

(B) either, 

a. no or nominal assets; 

b. assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or, 

c. assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

The determination was made based on the following: 

1) The Company has begun business operations in the second quarter of 2023 pursuant to its business plan.
As such, the Company does not have nominal operations. 

2) On May 1, 2023, the Company has entered into a Commercial Lease Agreement for which the Company will use
the leased property as its private education operation headquarter office space. The Company has made a total payment of CA 12,327.48
(US 9,328.05) to the landlord pursuant to the lease agreement. 

Accordingly, pursuant to the status above, the
Company is a development stage company that has engaged in activities that are, at a minimum, sufficient to manifest a strong commitment
in pursuing a legitimate business as set forth in the Company s business plan. Based on the business conducted by the Company since
May 2023, the Company believes it ceased being a shell company and has remained a non-shell company since then based on the most recent
quarterly filings. 

Results of Operations Comparison of the Years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

We had no revenues from operations during either 2022 or 2021. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and Administrative Expenses were 36,649 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to 58,406 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 21,757 or 37.3 . The Company incurred additional
expenses due to the change of control of the Company in 2021 and for becoming a public reporting company. 

Net Loss 

We had a net loss of 36,649 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
compared to 5,406 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

7 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 0 of cash, liabilities of 102,721,
and an accumulated deficit of 2,317,217. 

Net cash used in operating activities were 25,312 and 60,271 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Net cash provided by financing activities were 25,312 and 60,271 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company received advances from related parties as working capital the amounts. 

The financial statements accompanying this Report have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course
of our business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, we have not yet generated any revenue, had a net loss of 36,649
and have an accumulated stockholders deficit of 2,426,431 as of December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise additional
funds and implement our business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable
to continue as a going concern. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The full text of the Company s financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

There have been no changes in or disagreements
with accountants regarding our accounting, financial disclosures or any other matter. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The management of the Company is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required by Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Section 404 A. The
Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in
SEC guidance on conducting such assessments as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management conducted the assessment based
on certain criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting was not effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures
that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period
end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by the Company s Chief
Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and communicated the matters to our
management. 

8 

Management believes that the material weaknesses
set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company s financial results. However, management believes
that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the
Company s determination to its financial statements for the future years. 

We are committed to improving our financial organization.
As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel
resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one
or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully
functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures;
and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial
reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management believes that the appointment of one
or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit
committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition, management believes that preparing
and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies
and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements;
and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of
additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and
balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turn
over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control
and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange
Act that occurred during the small business issuer s last fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes that have affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

N/A 

9 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our Officers and directors and additional information concerning them
are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Dr. Zhang Ci 
 
 40 
 
 Chairman and Director, CEO, CFO and Secretary 

Ci Zhang, Chief Executive Officer,
President, Director 

CEO and Director of Un Monde International Ltd.
- 10/2018 to Present 

 CEO of One World International School - 10/2018
to Present 

 Computer/Network Technician in Multi-Tech Computers
- 2/2012 to 7/2018 

Mr. Ci Zhang was appointed President, CEO, and
Director of Asiarim Corp. on April 2, 2019. Mr. Zhang has more than 15 years of experience in the education and technology sectors. As
a Cisco Certified Network (CCN) Professional, he combines extensive experience in network design and management with strong business management
as well as student management, counselling and instructional skills. 

As the CEO of Un Monde International Ltd. he has
led the development of the school s unique technology platform that integrates all school functions in a single cloud-based system
that leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and big data. 

One World International School is bilingual (Chinese
and English) online education platform. Prior to One World, Mr. Zhang Prior to One World, Mr. Zhang held multiple management positions
at Multi-Tech Computer Systems in Hamilton, ON leading the design and implementation of computer and local area networks. Before Multi-tech,
he served as an instructor teaching students Cisco Network CCN certification courses at Xincon College in Toronto, as well as an International
Student Counselor advising on admission and program requirements. 

After technical training at Cisco Systems in Beijing,
Mr. Zhang obtained a Bachelor of Science form McMaster University in Hamilton, ON. He also holds certifications as a Cisco Certified Network
Associate, Expert, and Professional as well as a Microsoft Systems Engineer. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors is currently composed of
two members, who do not qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market.
The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least
three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business
dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationship
exists which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made
these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard
to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, there have been no material
legal proceedings during the last ten years that would require disclosure under the federal securities laws that are material to an evaluation
of the ability or integrity of any of our directors or executive officers. 

Potential Conflicts of Interest 

We are not aware of any current or potential conflicts
of interest with our directors or executive officers, other business interests and their involvement with the Company. 

10 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 there was no
direct compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid by us to any of our executive officers and directors. 

Employment Contracts 

The Company has not entered into any employment
agreements with its officer and director. 

Stock Awards Plan 

The Company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan,
but may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. 

Director Compensation 

The Board of Directors of the Company has not
adopted a stock option plan. The Company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in the future. If such a plan is adopted, this
may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ). The committee would have the power
to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution therefore, provided that any
such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. The Company may develop an incentive-based stock option plan
for its officers and directors and may reserve up to 10 of its outstanding shares of common stock for that purpose. 

Board Committees 

We have not formed an Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this Annual Report. Our Board of Directors performs the
principal functions of an Audit Committee. We currently do not have an audit committee financial expert on our Board of Directors. We
believe that an audit committee financial expert is not required because the cost of hiring an audit committee financial expert to act
as one of our directors and to be a member of an Audit Committee outweighs the benefits of having an audit committee financial expert
at this time. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each director and named executive officer, (ii) all executive
officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding common
stock of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. Generally, a person is considered to beneficially own securities: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly,
exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, and (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any
time within 60 days (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares
held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31,
2022 are deemed to be outstanding, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Common Stock (2) 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned 

Percentage 
Ownership of 
Shares of 
Common Stock 

Ci Zhang 

1,520,000 

23.41 

Di Pan 
 1005-33 Sheppard Ave 
 North York, Ontario 
 M2K 3E5 Canada 

1,140,000 

17.56 

Bingqiang Xie 
 1309-8081 Birchmount Rd 
 Markham, Ontario 
 L6G 0G5 Canada 

1,140,000 

17.56 

(1) Except as otherwise set forth above, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Un Monde International
Worldwide Ltd., Westagate Mall, 5689 Condor Place, Mississauga ON, L5V 2J4 Canada 

(2) Based on 6,493,346 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, together with
securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock with respect to such securities. 

11 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Regulation S-K, Item 4, Section C require disclosure of promoters and
certain control persons for registrants that are filing a registration statement on Form 10 under the Exchange Act and that had a promoter
at any time during the past five fiscal years shall: 

(i) State the names of the promoter(s), the nature and amount of anything of value (including money, property, contracts, options or rights
of any kind) received or to be received by each promoter, directly or indirectly, from the registrant and the nature and amount of any
assets, services or other consideration therefore received or to be received by the registrant; and 

(ii) As to any assets acquired or to be acquired by the registrant from a promoter, state the amount at which the assets were acquired
or are to be acquired and the principle followed or to be followed in determining such amount, and identify the persons making the determination
and their relationship, if any, with the registrant or any promoter. If the assets were acquired by the promoter within two years prior
to their transfer to the registrant, also state the cost thereof to the promoter. 

Bryan Glass is considered a promoter(s) under the meaning of Securities
Act Rule 405. Mr. Glass was appointed custodian of the Company and under its duties stipulated by the Nevada court. Mr. Glass took initiative
to organize the business of the issuer. As custodian, his duties were to conduct daily business, hold shareholder meetings, appoint officers
and directors, reinstate the company with the Nevada Secretary of State. The custodian also had authority to enter into contracts and
find a suitable merger candidate. In addition, Mr. Glass was compensated for his role as custodian and paid outstanding bills to creditors
on behalf of the company. The custodian has not, and will not, receive any additional compensation, in the form of cash or stock, for
custodian services. The custodianship was discharged on November 9, 2016. 

Under Regulation S-K Item 404(c)(2) Registrants shall provide the disclosure
required by paragraphs (c)(1)(i) and (c)(1)(ii) of this Item as to any person who acquired control of a registrant that is a shell company,
or any person that is part of a group, consisting of two or more persons that agree to act together for the purpose of acquiring, holding,
voting or disposing of equity securities of a registrant, that acquired control of a registrant that is a shell company. 

Mr. Ci Zhang, Mr. Bingquiang Xie, and Mr. Di Pan
are considered control persons and acquired control of the Company. Asia Gateway Capital Ltd. purchased 40,000,000 million shares of the
Company s Restricted Common Stock. These shares represent the controlling block of stock and were purchased from Bryan Glass for
 120,000. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

Mr. Ci Zhang, director and officer of the Company, have advanced working
capital to pay expenses of the Company. The advances are due on demand and non-interest bearing without maturity date. The outstanding
amount due to related parties was 87,620 and 62,308 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Independent Auditors Fees 

The following table represents fees billed for each of the years ended
December 31 for professional audit services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Audit fees 
 15,950 
 17,500 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 15,950 
 17,500 

12 

(1) Audit Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements
and the reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q and for any other services that were normally provided in connection
with our statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2) Audit-related fees consist of fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements. 

(3) Tax fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

(4) All other fees consist of fees for products and services provided, other than for the services reported under the headings Audit
Fees, Audit Related Fees and Tax Fees. The Company has adopted a policy regarding the services of its
independent auditors under which our independent accounting firm is not allowed to perform any service which may have the effect of jeopardizing
the registered public accountant s independence. Without limiting the foregoing, the independent accounting firm shall not be retained
to perform the following: 

Bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting records or financial
statements 

Financial information systems design and implementation 

Appraisal or valuation services, fairness opinions or contribution-in-kind
reports 

Actuarial services 

Internal audit outsourcing services 

Management functions 

Broker-dealer, investment adviser or investment banking services 

Legal services 

Expert services unrelated to the audit 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The SEC requires that before our independent registered
public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved
by our Audit Committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee, provided
that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each service, and such
policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. 

We do not have an Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves
all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

13 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Please see the Exhibit Index, which
is incorporated herein by reference, following the signature page for a list of our exhibits. 

ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 

As permitted, the registrant has elected not to
supply a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. 

14 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

UN MONDE INTERNATIONAL WORLDWIDE LTD. 

By: 
 /s/ Ci Zhang 

Ci Zhang , Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: July 6, 2023 

15 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 5041) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021 

July 5, 2023 

F- 2 

Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd 

 FORMERLY Asiarim Corp. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitment contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit 

Common Shares, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated income (loss) 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 3 

Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd 

 FORMERLY Asiarim Corp. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Operating expenses 

Professional fees 

Other general administrative expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest income (expense) 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 

Net income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Earnings (Loss) per Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 4 

Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd 

 FORMERLY Asiarim
Corp. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Shares 

Shares 
 Par Value, 0.001 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated income (loss) 
 Total Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Shares Cancelled 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd 

 FORMERLY Asiarim Corp. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile Net loss from operations: 

Depreciation Amortization expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from (Repayment of) related party payables 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Income Taxes Paid 

Interest Paid 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 6 

UN MONDE INTERNATIONAL WORLDWIDE LTD 

 Formerly Asiarim
corporation 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

The Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived assets by
comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related long-lived asset or group of long-lived assets over their
remaining estimated useful lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying
amount over the fair value of those assets. Fair value is generally determined using the asset s expected future discounted cash
flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long-lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining
estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the long-lived assets are depreciated over the newly
determined remaining estimated useful lives. 

The Company considers the following to be some examples of important
indicators that may trigger an impairment review: (i) significant under-performance or losses of assets relative to expected historical
or projected future operating results; (ii) significant changes in the manner or use of assets or in the Company s overall strategy
with respect to the manner or use of the acquired assets or changes in the Company s overall business strategy; (iii) significant
negative industry or economic trends; (iv) increased competitive pressures; (v) a significant decline in the Company s stock price
for a sustained period of time; and (vi) regulatory changes. The Company evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators
at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence of such events. 

The impairment charges, if any, is included in operating expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that
a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the
Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable
but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the
range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless
they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available
at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s
business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

shares of common stock. 

On September 9, 2021 the Company effected a of its common stock. All share and earnings per share information have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock
split was recorded with the offset to additional paid-in capital. 

On July 12, 2021, the Company completed the cancellation of 
shares of common stock pursuant to an Assignment of Rights agreement dated October 3, 2016 where certain shareholders have entered into
with the Company to return shares of common stock to the Company as treasury stock. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has and 
shares issued and outstanding. 

Preferred Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has shares issued
and outstanding. 

of net operating
losses NOL carried forward to offset future taxable income. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management
considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences
become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against all of the
deferred tax asset relating to NOLs for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will not be
realized. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of
1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change
in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued interest or penalties
related to uncertain tax positions. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 11 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 unmonde_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ci Zhang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report of Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ci Zhang 

Ci Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 unmonde_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ci Zhang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report of Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ci Zhang 

Ci Zhang 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 unmonde_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ci Zhang, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: July 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ci Zhang 

Ci Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 unmonde_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Un Monde International Worldwide Ltd., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ci Zhang, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: July 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ci Zhang 

Ci Zhang 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 armc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 armc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 armc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 armc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

