<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230727_10-K_edgar_data_723254_0000723254-23-000025.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14798277</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>185159</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5175465</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4510252</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2462486</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2202668</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000723254-23-000025.hdr.sgml : 20230727
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230727131403
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000723254-23-000025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230727
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230727

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CINTAS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000723254
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		IRS NUMBER:				311188630
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11399
		FILM NUMBER:		231116859

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6800 CINTAS BLVD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 625737
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45262
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5134591200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6800 CINTAS BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 625737
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45262

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000723254-23-000025.txt : 20230727

10-K
 1
 ctas-20230531.htm
 10-K

ctas-20230531 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (NASDAQ Global Select Market) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated Filer 
 Non-Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.762(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued is audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of November 30, 2022, was based on a closing sale price of 461.78 per share. As of June 30, 2023, 192,220,477 shares of the Registrant's Common Stock were issued and shares were outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 1 

Cintas Corporation 
 Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 13 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 15 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 62 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 62 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 62 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 62 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 63 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 63 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 63 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 63 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 63 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 64 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 66 

2 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Cintas Corporation (Cintas, Company, we, us or our), a Washington corporation, helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes, primarily in the United States (U.S.), as well as Canada and Latin America, get READY to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance our customers image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe and looking their best. With products and services including uniforms, mats, mops, restroom supplies, first aid and safety products, fire extinguishers and testing, and safety training, Cintas helps customers get Ready for the Workday . Cintas was founded in 1968 by Richard T. Farmer when he left his family's industrial laundry business in order to develop uniform programs using an exclusive new fabric. In the early 1970's, Cintas acquired the family industrial laundry business. Over the years, Cintas developed additional products and services that complemented its core uniform business and broadened the scope of products and services available to its customers. 
 
 Business Segments 
 Cintas reportable operating segments are the Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment and the First Aid and Safety Services operating segment. The Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment consists of the rental and servicing of uniforms and other garments, including flame resistant clothing, mats, mops and shop towels and other ancillary items. In addition to these rental items, restroom cleaning services and supplies and the sale of items from our catalogs to our customers on route are included within this reportable operating segment. The First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment consists of first aid and safety products and services. The remainder of Cintas business, which consists of the Fire Protection Services operating segment and the Uniform Direct Sale operating segment, is included in All Other. 
 
 The following table sets forth Cintas' total revenue and the revenue derived from each reportable operating segment and the remaining operating segments included in the All Other category for the fiscal years ended May 31: 
 (In thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Uniform Rental and Facility Services 6,897,130 6,226,980 5,689,632 First Aid and Safety Services 951,496 832,458 784,291 All Other 967,143 795,021 642,417 Total Revenue 8,815,769 7,854,459 7,116,340 
 
 Additional information regarding each reportable operating segment and All Other is also included in Note 13 entitled Operating Segment Information of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. " 
 
 Customers 
 We provide our products and services to over one million businesses of all types, from small service and manufacturing companies to major corporations that employ thousands of people. This diversity in customer base results in no individual customer accounting for greater than one percent of Cintas' total revenue. As a result, the loss of one account would not have a material financial impact on Cintas. 
 
 Competition 
 The primary markets served by each of the Cintas operating segments are local in nature and highly fragmented. Cintas competes with national, regional and local providers, large national retailers and small local retailers as well as companies with a significant online presence and the level of competition varies at each of Cintas' local operations. In addition, businesses may decide to perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these services. Product, design, price, quality, service and convenience to the customer are the competitive elements in each of our operating segments. 

3 

Operations and Distribution 
 Within the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment, Cintas provides its products and services to customers via local delivery routes originating from rental processing plants and branches. Within the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment and All Other, Cintas provides its products and services via its distribution network and local delivery routes or local representatives. At May 31, 2023, Cintas, in total, had approximately 11,500 local delivery routes, 461 operational facilities and 12 distribution centers. 
 
 Sourcing 
 Cintas is committed to sourcing responsibly. Cintas sources finished products from many outside suppliers. As mentioned on our website, www.cintas.com, each and every supplier must comply with a vendor code of conduct as a condition of doing business with Cintas. Cintas also conducts internal training to ensure that employee-partners who have direct responsibility for supply chain management are knowledgeable and aware of issues and concerns surrounding our supply chain. In addition to sourcing from third-party suppliers, Cintas operates five manufacturing facilities that provide for standard uniform needs. Cintas purchases fabric, used in the manufacturing of its products, from several suppliers. Cintas' ability to find qualified suppliers who meet its standards and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is subject to ongoing market risks. For a discussion of the risks associated with sourcing that may materially impact Cintas, please see " Item 1A: Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Business Strategy and Operations ." 
 
 Government Laws and Regulations 
 Cintas is subject to a wide array of laws, government regulations, including environmental regulations, and standards in each domestic and foreign jurisdiction in which it operates. In addition to Cintas U.S. operations, which in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, generated over 90 of its consolidated revenue, Cintas also operates its business through wholly-owned subsidiaries in foreign jurisdictions, primarily in Canada. Compliance with these laws, government regulations, including environmental regulations, and standards requires the dedication of time and effort of employee-partners as well as financial resources. 
 
 Compliance with environmental regulations and prioritizing our environmental sustainability efforts are important to us as a good corporate citizen. Our journey started in 1929 during the Great Depression when Doc and Amelia Farmer collected shop towels that had been disposed of by manufacturing facilities along the Ohio River. They washed, recycled and sold the clean towels back to companies. Today, the majority of our total Company revenue comes from our Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment. Most of these items are cleaned and processed in ways that extend their lifespan and, when not in use, are re-stocked for future customers to maximize their lifespan. Our laundering processes generate far less wastewater than home laundering. Water discharged into the environment is treated at our operating facilities and in accordance with local discharge standards and permits. Our lasting commitment to the environment and our communities is evident from our processes and innovation, which are designed to ensure that our operational facilities are operating efficiently. Cintas is subject to various environmental laws and regulations, as are other companies in the uniform rental industry. The primary federal statutes that apply to our activities in the U.S. are the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We are also subject to the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, which imposes certain reporting requirements as to emissions of hazardous substances into the air, land and water. While environmental compliance is not a material component of our costs, Cintas makes capital expenditures and associated operating costs, primarily for water treatment and waste removal, on a regular basis in order to comply with environmental laws and regulations, to promote employee-partner safety and to carry out its environmental sustainability principles. Environmental spending related to water treatment and waste removal was approximately 26.0 million in fiscal 2023, approximately 22.0 million in fiscal 2022 and approximately 19.0 million in fiscal 2021. Capital expenditures to limit or monitor hazardous substances totaled approximately 1.0 million in fiscal 2023, approximately 0.2 million in fiscal 2022 and approximately 1.0 million in fiscal 2021. 
 
 In addition, health and safety regulations (including laws or regulations promulgated in response to the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic) have necessitated, and may continue to necessitate, increased operating costs or capital investments to promote a safe working environment. Cintas is also required to comply with increasingly complex and changing laws and regulations enacted to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other consumer, customer, vendor or employee data. With respect to the laws and regulations noted above, as well as other applicable laws and regulations, Cintas compliance programs may under certain circumstances involve material investments in the form 
 4 

of additional processes, training, personnel, information technology and capital. In fiscal 2023, compliance with the applicable laws, government regulations, including environmental regulations, and standards did not have a material effect on Cintas capital expenditures or consolidated results of operations. For a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact Cintas, please see Item 1A: Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks . 
 
 Communication 
 Cintas uses its corporate website, www.cintas.com, as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, analyst presentations and financial information. Cintas files with, or furnishes to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders, and, from time to time, other documents. The reports and other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC are available to investors on or through our corporate website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site located at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as Cintas, that file electronically with the SEC. Cintas' SEC filings can be found on the Investor Relations page of its website at www.cintas.com/investors/financial-reports and its Code of Conduct and Business Ethics can be found under the Impact page of its website at www.cintas.com/company/esg. These documents are available in print to any shareholder who requests a copy by writing or calling Cintas as set forth on the Investor Information page under the FAQs. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated herein by reference unless expressly noted. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 In fiscal 2023, Cintas published its third annual environmental, social and governance (ESG) report and reported on Cintas continued strategy of a Shared Drive for Better. The report included information on Cintas efforts in areas of climate and energy initiatives, water interactions, materials and waste, sustainable supply chain, diversity, equity and inclusion efforts, employee-partner development, safety and health strategy, human rights and labor rights positions and governance, ethics and integrity foundations. Cintas' most recent ESG report can be found on our website at www.cintas.com/company/esg. 
 
 Human Capital 
 Cintas key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop talent to deliver on the Company s strategy. To support these objectives, Cintas human resources programs are designed to: keep people safe and healthy; enhance the Company s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more inclusive; acquire and retain diverse talent; reward and support employee-partners through competitive pay and benefit programs; develop talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions; and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing workforce. The principles and values our employee-partners share are the driving force behind all our accomplishments. At May 31, 2023, Cintas employed approximately 44,500 employee-partners in our global workforce, of which approximately 1,000 were represented by labor unions. 
 
 Our primary areas of focus in managing our human capital include the following: 
 
 Corporate Culture 
 We believe that our culture at Cintas is just as essential as our products and services. Our culture impacts the quality of the employee-partners we hire, the way we communicate and interact with our customers and each other and our performance standards. Our culture is the cornerstone representing our values, our behaviors, our way of working and how we approach our business, which is strong relationships and a dedication to taking care of one another and our customers. We operate according to the Cintas Code of Conduct, available on our website www.cintas.com, which mandates full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and helps to preserve the integrity of our Company. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 We aspire to achieve zero workplace injuries and collisions and provide a safe, open, healthy and accountable work environment for our employee-partners. To align with internationally recognized standards, we have implemented an occupational health and safety management system in accordance with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) that is modeled after the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 45001 and OSHA Voluntary Protection Program (VPP). Employee-partners, contractors, vendors and visitors are all covered by 
 5 

the system, which focuses on hazard prevention, training, management commitment and worker involvement. We are also committed to continuously improving performance through our Health and Safety Improvement Committees in every operation, while corporate health and safety employee-partners conduct annual reviews of our operations. Additionally, every year our employee-partners receive online, on-the-job and classroom training on over 50 health and safety topics, and all maintenance staff must complete our award-winning Maintenance Safety Certification process. Every Cintas driver completes monthly driver safety training courses and/or on-the-road skills evaluations. All production-related managers attend OSHA s 10-hour Safety Improvement course, and each member of our Senior Management team takes the Management and Leadership Skills for Environmental Health and Safety Professionals Course, part of the Harvard T.H Chan School of Public Health safety and health curriculum. In addition, we provide several channels for all employee-partners to speak up, ask for guidance and report concerns related to ethics or safety violations, and we address those concerns and take appropriate actions to uphold our Cintas values and health and safety culture. Through these efforts, Cintas has reduced our recordable injury rate by over 75 since 2008, has been awarded 124 OSHA Star sites in the VPP, which is more than triple any other company in the U.S. and has received numerous safety, health and ergonomics awards from national and international groups. 
 
 Employee-Partner Wellness 
 We are committed to the physical and mental health and wellness of our employee-partners. We provide our employee-partners and their families with access to a variety of health and wellness programs, including our long-running Live Well program that supports employee-partners on their health and wellness journeys. We provide free annual biometric screening and health assessments at work or offsite, annual free flu shot clinics, a tobacco cessation program, weight management programs and an employee-partner assistance program, which offers advice on mental health, legal and financial issues. 
 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion 
 Cintas supports diversity, equity and inclusion by fostering a respectful, creative and productive environment where all employee-partners can reach their full potential without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. We actively recruit, retain, develop and advance a diverse and talented workforce. We have six Employee-Partner Business Resource Groups, focused on Women, African Americans, Hispanic and Latin Americans, Asian American/Pacific Islanders, LGBTQ+ and Military and Veteran employee-partners. These groups provide platforms for our employee-partners to showcase skills, experiences and perspectives. The Employee-Partner Business Resource Groups also help foster inclusion among all employee-partners to build awareness, recruit and retain a diverse workforce and support the overall success of Cintas. We also have a diverse Management Trainee program that helps Cintas find and develop the best talent for our leadership pipeline, and we monitor representation across management positions. Cintas diversity, equity and inclusion efforts are led by our Senior Vice President of Human Resources and Chief Diversity Officer. This position reports to our Chief Executive Officer and works to help achieve our goals and obtain a diverse and talented workforce, which is critical to our success. 
 
 Compensation Programs and Employee Benefits 
 Our compensation and benefits programs provide a total rewards package designed to attract, retain and motivate our employee-partners. In addition to competitive base salaries, the total rewards package (which may vary by position and country) includes, among other items, bonuses, long-term incentives, retirement savings plans, medical insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental insurance, vision insurance, accident and critical illness insurance, life and disability insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts and an employee-partner assistance program. 
 
 Talent Development 
 Cintas is committed to the continued development of its employee-partners. We provide numerous training opportunities for our employee-partners, with a focus on continuous learning and development and methodologies to manage performance, provide feedback and develop talent. We offer a wide array of training solutions (classroom, hands-on and e-learning) for our employee-partners. Our talent development programs strive to provide employee-partners resources to achieve career goals and build management and leadership skills. We offer mentoring programs, a management trainee program and executive leadership programs to support the professional growth of our employee-partners and ensure we have the right succession plans in place. 
 
 6 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The statements in this section describe the most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operation and the trading price of our debt or equity securities. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Readers should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. 
 
 In addition, this section sets forth statements which constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as estimates, anticipates, predicts, projects, plans, expects, intends, target, forecast, believes, seeks, could, should, may and will or the negative versions thereof and similar words, terms and expressions and by the context in which they are used. Such statements are based upon current expectations of Cintas and speak only as of the date made. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, potentially inaccurate assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in or implied by this Annual Report. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, the possibility of greater than anticipated operating costs including energy and fuel costs; lower sales volumes; loss of customers due to outsourcing trends; the performance and costs of integration of acquisitions; inflationary pressures and fluctuations in costs of materials and labor, including increased medical costs; interest rate volatility; costs and possible effects of union organizing activities; failure to comply with government regulations concerning employment discrimination, employee pay and benefits and employee health and safety; the effect on operations of exchange rate fluctuations, tariffs and other political, economic and regulatory risks; uncertainties regarding any existing or newly-discovered expenses and liabilities related to environmental compliance and remediation; our ability to meet our goals relating to ESG opportunities, improvements and efficiencies; the cost, results and ongoing assessment of internal controls for financial reporting; the effect of new accounting pronouncements; disruptions caused by the inaccessibility of computer systems data, including cybersecurity risks; the initiation or outcome of litigation, investigations or other proceedings; higher assumed sourcing or distribution costs of products; the disruption of operations from catastrophic or extraordinary events including global health pandemics such as the COVID-19 coronavirus; the amount and timing of repurchases of our common stock, if any; changes in federal and state tax and labor laws; and the reactions of competitors in terms of price and service. Cintas undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements or to otherwise update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or to reflect events, circumstances or any other unanticipated developments arising after the date on which such statements are made, except otherwise as required by law. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties presently not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also harm our business. Forward-looking and other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction plans and other ESG goals are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current and forward-looking GHG-related and/or ESG-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. 
 
 Risks Relating to Business Strategy and Operations 
 Negative global economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Negative economic conditions, in North America and our other markets, may adversely affect our financial performance. Higher levels of unemployment, inflation, recessionary conditions, geopolitical developments, tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could adversely affect the demand for Cintas products and services. Increases in labor costs, including the cost to provide employee-partner related healthcare benefits, minimum wages, labor shortages or shortages of skilled labor, regulations regarding the classification of employees and/or their eligibility for overtime wages, higher material costs for items such as fabrics and textiles, the inability to obtain insurance coverage at cost-effective rates, higher interest rates, inflation, global health pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could increase our costs of rental uniforms and facility services, cost of other services and selling and administrative expenses. As a result, these factors could adversely affect our sales and consolidated results of operations. 

7 

Increased competition could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 We operate in highly competitive industries and compete with national, regional and local providers. Product, design, price, quality, service and convenience to the customer are the competitive elements in these industries. If existing or future competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices, Cintas may be required to lower prices, which would hurt its results of operations. Cintas' competitors also generally compete with Cintas for acquisition candidates, which can increase the price for acquisitions and reduce the number of available acquisition candidates. In addition, our customers and prospects may decide to perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these services to us. These competitive pressures could adversely affect our sales and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 An inability to open new, cost effective operating facilities may adversely affect our expansion efforts. 
 We plan to expand our presence in existing markets and enter new markets. The opening of new operating facilities is necessary to gain the capacity required for this expansion. Our ability to open new operating facilities depends on our ability to identify attractive locations, negotiate leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms, identify and obtain adequate utility and water sources and comply with environmental regulations, zoning laws and other similar factors. Any inability to effectively identify and manage these items may adversely affect our expansion efforts, and consequently, adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Risks associated with our acquisition practice could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 Historically, a portion of our growth has come from acquisitions. We continue to evaluate opportunities for acquiring businesses that may supplement our internal growth. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to locate and purchase suitable acquisitions. In addition, the success of any acquisition, including the ability to realize anticipated cost synergies, depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired company. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. If management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, we may not be able to realize anticipated cost synergies resulting from acquisitions and our business could suffer. Although we conduct due diligence investigations prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will discover or adequately protect against all material liabilities of an acquired business for which we may be responsible as a successor owner or operator. The failure to identify suitable acquisitions and successfully integrate these acquired businesses, or to discover liabilities associated with such businesses in the diligence process, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. We require all our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the U.S. Political and economic stability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial stability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, U.S. and foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors, including the potential negative impact of global health pandemics such as COVID-19 affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 We rely extensively on computer systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales, consolidated results of operations and reputation and expose us to litigation risk. 
 Our businesses rely on various computer systems, including third-party systems, to provide customer information, process customer transactions and provide other general information necessary to manage our businesses. We 
 8 

have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes and usage errors by our employees. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of our computer systems could adversely affect our sales, could require us to make a significant investment to fix or replace them and, therefore, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. In addition, cyber-security attacks are evolving and have become increasingly more sophisticated. Cyber-security attacks may include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, but none of these incidents, individually or in the aggregate, have had a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and monitoring systems to address these threats to our technology fails, or we are unable to successfully address security incidents, production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected Company, customer, or employee information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, or other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability and damage to our reputation. 
 
 We also rely on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services, including our SAP enterprise system, payroll data, risk management data and lease data. If these third-party vendors, as well as our suppliers and other vendors, experience service interruptions or damage, security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other similar events or intrusions, our business and our consolidated results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our business and stock price. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation. While we continue to evaluate our internal controls, we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm were to discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud. This may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. 
 
 We may experience difficulties in attracting and retaining competent personnel in key positions. Failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 We believe that a key component of our success is our corporate culture, which has been imparted by management throughout our corporate organization. Our corporate culture, along with our entire operation, depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key employees. Competitive pressures and labor shortages within and outside our industry may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain key employees which could adversely affect our businesses. 
 
 We believe we have positive labor relationships with our employees. However, factors such as difficulty to attract key employees, reduced employee engagement, third-party organizational efforts and increased employee turnover could adversely affect our labor relationships with our employees. A failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees and could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 

9 

Unexpected events could negatively impact our business and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, severe weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornadoes (including those caused by climate change), war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, global health pandemics such as COVID-19, supply disruptions, failure of equipment or systems or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting our businesses, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. These events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. In addition, negative publicity, whether warranted or not, impacting brand image perception could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 Our indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business. 
 Our outstanding indebtedness along with adverse interest rate fluctuations may have negative consequences on our business, such as requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend increases, stock buybacks and other general corporate purposes, as well as increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions. In addition, it may limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business or industry or place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt. 
 
 Changes in the fuel and energy industry could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 The price of fuel and energy needed to run our vehicles and equipment is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside our control, including geopolitical developments, supply and demand for fuel and other energy related products, actions by energy producers, war and unrest in oil producing countries, regional production patterns, limits on refining capacities, natural disasters, environmental concerns including the impact of legislative and regulatory efforts to limit GHG emissions and global health pandemics such as COVID-19. Increases in fuel and energy costs could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 We earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Canadian dollar. In fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar represented less than 10 of our consolidated revenue. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenue and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies, particularly in the event of significant increases in foreign currency revenue, will impact our revenue and operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. This impact could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 We may recognize impairment charges, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 We assess our goodwill and other intangible assets and our long-lived assets for impairment when required by U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP). These accounting principles require that we record an impairment charge if circumstances indicate that the asset carrying values exceed their estimated fair values. The estimated fair value of these assets is impacted by, but not limited to, macroeconomic, industry and market conditions in the locations in which we operate. Deterioration in these general economic conditions may result in: declining revenue, which can lead to excess capacity and declining operating cash flow; reductions in management's estimates for future revenue and operating cash flow growth; increases in borrowing rates and other deterioration in factors that impact our weighted average cost of capital; and deteriorating real estate values. If our assessment of goodwill, other intangible assets or long-lived assets indicates an impairment of the carrying value for which we recognize an impairment charge, this may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 10 

The effects of credit market volatility and changes in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and consolidated results of operations. 
 Our operating cash flows, combined with access to the credit markets, provide us with significant discretionary funding capacity. However, deterioration in the global credit markets may limit our ability to access credit markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and/or increase our cost of borrowing. In addition, credit market deterioration and its actual or perceived effects on our results of operations and financial condition, along with deterioration in general economic conditions, may increase the likelihood that the major independent credit agencies will downgrade our credit ratings, which could increase our cost of borrowing. Increases in our cost of borrowing could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Failure to comply with federal and state regulations to which we are subject could result in penalties or costs that could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to complex and stringent state and federal regulations, including employment laws and regulations, minimum wage requirements, overtime requirements, working condition requirements, citizenship requirements, transportation and other laws and regulations. In particular, we are subject to the regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) and under the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended (OSHA Act). We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of our business in complying with the USDOT regulations, the OSHA Act and other laws and regulations to which we are subject. Changes in laws, regulations and the related interpretations, including any laws or regulations that may be enacted by the current U.S. presidential administration and Congress, may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. The impact of new laws and regulations cannot be predicted. Compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. Any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines by government authorities, payment of damages to private litigants, or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could adversely affect our ability to service customers and our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 We are subject to various litigation claims and legal proceeding arising from the ordinary course of our business, including personal injury, customer contract, environmental and employment claims. Certain of these lawsuits or potential future lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability and expense material to our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Compliance with environmental laws and regulations could result in significant costs that adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 Our operating locations are subject to environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing discharges of pollutants to the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. The operation of our businesses entails risks under environmental laws and regulations. We could incur significant costs, including clean-up costs, fines and sanctions and claims by third parties for property damage and personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under these laws and regulations. We are currently involved in a limited number of remedial investigations and actions at various locations. While based on information currently known to us, we believe that we maintain adequate reserves with respect to these matters, our liability could exceed forecasted amounts, and the imposition of additional clean-up obligations or the discovery of additional contamination at these or other sites could result in significant additional costs which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including requirements that may be adopted or imposed in the future. 
 
 Under applicable environmental laws, an owner or operator of real estate may be required to pay the costs of removing or remediating hazardous materials located on or emanating from property, whether or not the owner or operator knew of or was responsible for the presence of such hazardous materials. While we regularly engage in environmental due diligence in connection with acquisitions, we can give no assurance that locations that have been acquired or leased have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations during prior periods or that future uses or conditions will not make us liable under these laws or expose us to third-party actions, including tort suits. 
 11 

Increased global focus on climate change may result in the imposition of new or additional regulations or requirements applicable to, and increased financial risks for, our business and industry. A number of government authorities and agencies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes to address climate change, including the regulation of GHG emissions. The outcome of new legislation or regulation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, including to fund energy efficiency activities or renewable energy use, and fees or restrictions on certain activities or materials. Compliance with these climate change initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, additional investments in renewable energy use and other initiatives, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. We may not be able to timely recover the cost of compliance with such new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to achieve our environmental, social and governance goals are subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control, and our reputation and brands could be harmed if we fail to meet such goals. 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to ESG matters, including practices and disclosures related to environmental stewardship; social responsibility; diversity, equity and inclusion; and workplace rights. Our ability to achieve our ESG goals, including our goal to achieve Net Zero GHG emissions by 2050, and to accurately and transparently report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal and other risks, and may be dependent on the actions of suppliers and other third parties, significant technological advancements with respect to the development and availability of reliable, affordable and sustainable alternative solutions, all of which are outside of our control. If we are unable to meet our ESG goals or evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, our reputation could be negatively impacted. In addition, in recent years, investor advocacy groups and certain institutional investors have placed increasing importance on ESG matters. If, as a result of their assessment of our ESG practices, certain investors are unsatisfied with our actions or progress, they may reconsider their investment in our Company. 
 
 As the nature, scope and complexity of ESG reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements expand, including the SEC s recently proposed disclosure requirements regarding, among other matters, GHG emissions, we may have to undertake additional costs to control, assess and report on ESG metrics. Any failure or perceived failure, whether or not valid, to pursue or fulfill our ESG goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various ESG reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could increase the risk of litigation. 
 
 Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, or other tax law implementations or interpretations, including the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), which includes a corporate alternative minimum tax on certain large corporations, incentives to address climate change mitigation and other non-income tax provisions, including an excise tax on the repurchase of corporate stock could increase our effective tax rate, restrict our ability to repatriate undistributed offshore earnings, or impose new restrictions, costs or prohibitions on our current practices and reduce our net income and adversely affect our cash flows. 
 
 We are also subject to tax audits, including with respect to transfer pricing, in the U.S. and other jurisdictions and our tax positions may be challenged by tax authorities. Although we believe that our current tax provisions are reasonable and appropriate, there can be no assurance that these items will be settled for the amounts accrued, that additional tax exposures will not be identified in the future or that additional tax reserves will not be necessary for any such exposures. Any increase in the amount of taxation incurred as a result of challenges to our tax filing positions could result in a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

12 

Item 2. Properties 
 Cintas occupies 473 facilities located in 338 cities. Cintas leases 245 of these facilities for various terms ranging from monthly to the year 2034. Cintas expects that it will be able to renew or replace its leases on satisfactory terms. Of the five manufacturing facilities noted below, all but one are owned by Cintas. The principal executive office in Cincinnati, Ohio, provides centrally located administrative functions including accounting, finance, marketing and computer system development and support. Cintas operates rental processing plants that house administrative, sales and service personnel and the necessary equipment involved in the cleaning of uniforms and bulk items, such as entrance mats and shop towels. Branch operations provide administrative, sales and service functions. Cintas operates 12 distribution centers and five manufacturing facilities. Cintas also operates first aid and safety and fire protection facilities and direct sales offices. Cintas considers the facilities it operates to be adequate for their intended use. Cintas owns or leases approximately 20,900 vehicles which are used for the route-based services and by the sales and management employee-partners. 
 
 The following chart provides additional information concerning Cintas' facilities: 
 Type of Facility # of Facilities Rental Processing Plants 205 Rental Branches 135 First Aid and Safety Facilities 63 All Other Facilities 53 Distribution Centers (1) 
 12 Manufacturing Facilities 5 Total 473 
 (1) Includes the principal executive office, which is attached to the distribution center in Cincinnati, Ohio. 
 
 Certain facilities are utilized by multiple operating segments. These facilities are only presented once, in their primary operating segment, herein. Rental processing plants, rental branches, distribution centers and manufacturing facilities are used in Cintas' Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment. First aid and safety facilities, rental processing plants and distribution centers are used in the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment. Rental processing plants, rental branches, first aid and safety facilities, fire protection facilities, direct sales offices, distribution centers and manufacturing facilities are all utilized by the operating segments included in All Other. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We discuss material legal proceedings (other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business) pending against us in " Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," in Note 14 entitled Litigation and Other Contingencies of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ." We refer you to and incorporate by reference into this Item 3 that discussion for important information concerning those legal proceedings, including the basis for such actions and, where known, the relief sought. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 13 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, 
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market and Shareholder Information 
 Cintas' common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "CTAS." At May 31, 2023, there were approximately 1,300 shareholders of record of Cintas' common stock. Cintas believes that this represents approximately 400,000 beneficial owners. 
 Dividends 
 Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends during the fiscal years ended May 31: 
 Declaration Date 
 (In millions except per share data) 
 Record Date Payment Date Dividend Per Share Amount Fiscal Year 2023 
 July 26, 2022 August 15, 2022 September 15, 2022 1.15 117.3 October 25, 2022 November 15, 2022 December 15, 2022 1.15 117.4 January 10, 2023 February 15, 2023 March 15, 2023 1.15 117.5 April 11, 2023 (1) 
 May 15, 2023 June 15, 2023 1.15 117.6 Total 4.60 469.8 Fiscal Year 2022 
 July 27, 2021 August 13, 2021 September 15, 2021 0.95 98.8 October 26, 2021 November 15, 2021 December 15, 2021 0.95 99.1 January 12, 2022 February 15, 2022 March 15, 2022 0.95 98.2 April 12, 2022 (1) 
 May 16, 2022 June 15, 2022 0.95 97.5 Total 3.80 393.6 
 (1) The dividends declared on April 11, 2023 and April 12, 2022 were included in current accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph summarizes the cumulative return on 100 invested in Cintas' common stock, the S P 500 Stock Index and the common stocks of a selected peer group of companies. Because our products and services are diverse, Cintas does not believe that any single published industry index is appropriate for comparing shareholder return. Therefore, the peer group used in the performance graph combines publicly traded companies in the business services industry that have similar characteristics as Cintas for each fiscal year, such as route based delivery of products and services. The companies included in the peer group are ABM Industries, Aramark, Rollins, Inc. and UniFirst Corporation. 
 Total shareholder return was based on the increase in the price of the common stock and assumed reinvestment of all dividends. Furthermore, total return was weighted according to market capitalization of each company. The companies in the peer group are not the same as those considered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 

14 

Total Shareholder Returns 
 Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchases Period 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number 
 of shares 
 purchased as part 
 of the publicly 
 announced 
 plan (1) 
 Maximum 
 approximate dollar 
 value of shares that 
 may yet be 
 purchased under 
 the plan (1) 
 March 1 - 31, 2023 (2) 
 23,794 458.03 1,461.2 April 1 - 30, 2023 (3) 
 12,400 457.50 1,461.2 May 1 - 31, 2023 (4) 
 24,380 466.63 6,207 1,458.3 Total 60,574 461.38 6,207 1,458.3 
 
 (1) On July 27, 2021, Cintas announced that the Board of Directors authorized a 1.5 billion share buyback program, which does not have an expiration date. From the inception of the July 27, 2021 share buyback program through May 31, 2023, Cintas has purchased a total of 2.7 million shares of Cintas common stock at an average price of 385.80 per share for a total purchase price of 1,041.7 million. On July 26, 2022, Cintas announced that the Board of Directors authorized a new 1.0 billion share buyback program, which does not have an expiration date. There were no share buybacks under the July 26, 2022 share buyback program through May 31, 2023. 
 (2) During March 2023, Cintas acquired 23,794 shares of Cintas common stock in satisfaction of employee payroll taxes due on options exercised and restricted stock awards that vested during the fiscal year. These shares were purchased at an average price of 458.03 per share for a total purchase price of 10.9 million. 
 (3) During April 2023, Cintas acquired 12,400 shares of Cintas common stock in satisfaction of employee payroll taxes due on options exercised and restricted stock awards that vested during the fiscal year. These shares were purchased at an average price of 457.50 per share for a total purchase price of 5.7 million. 
 (4) During May 2023, Cintas acquired 18,173 shares of Cintas common stock in satisfaction of employee payroll taxes due on options exercised and restricted stock awards that vested during the fiscal year. These shares were purchased at an average price of 468.94 per share for a total purchase price of 8.5 million. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 15 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and 
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Business Strategy 
 Cintas helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes, primarily in the U.S., as well as Canada and Latin America, get READY to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance our customers image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe and looking their best. With products and services including uniforms, mats, mops, restroom supplies, first aid and safety products, fire extinguishers and testing, and safety training, Cintas helps customers get Ready for the Workday . 
 
 We are North America's leading provider of corporate identity uniforms through rental and sales programs, as well as a significant provider of related business services, including entrance mats, restroom cleaning services and supplies, first aid and safety services and fire protection products and services. 
 
 Cintas' principal objective is "to exceed customers' expectations in order to maximize the long-term value of Cintas for shareholders and working partners," and it provides the framework and focus for Cintas' business strategy. This strategy is to achieve revenue growth for all our products and services by increasing our penetration at existing customers and by broadening our customer base to include market segments to which we have not historically served. We will also continue to identify additional product and service opportunities for our current and future customers. 
 
 To pursue the strategy of increasing penetration, we have a highly talented and diverse team of service professionals visiting our customers on a regular basis. This frequent contact with our customers enables us to develop close personal relationships. The combination of our distribution system and these strong customer relationships provides a platform from which we launch additional products and services. 
 
 We pursue the strategy of broadening our customer base in several ways. Cintas has a national sales organization introducing all its products and services to prospects in all market segments. Our broad range of products and services allows our sales organization to consider any type of business a prospect. We also broaden our customer base through geographic expansion. Finally, we evaluate strategic acquisitions as opportunities arise. 

Results of Operations 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations focuses on discussion of fiscal 2023 results compared to fiscal 2022 results. For discussion of fiscal 2022 results compared to fiscal 2021 results, see the "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on July 27, 2022. 
 
 Cintas classifies its business into two reportable operating segments and places the remainder of its operating segments in an All Other category. Cintas two reportable operating segments are Uniform Rental and Facility Services and First Aid and Safety Services. The Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment consists of the rental and servicing of uniforms and other garments including flame resistant clothing, mats, mops and shop towels and other ancillary items. In addition to these rental items, restroom cleaning services and supplies and the sale of items from our catalogs to our customers on route are included within this reportable operating segment. The First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment consists of first aid and safety products and services. The remainder of Cintas business, which consists of the Fire Protection Services operating segment and the Uniform Direct Sale operating segment, is included in All Other. These operating segments consist of fire protection products and services and the direct sale of uniforms and related items. Cintas evaluates operating segment performance based on revenue and operating income. Revenue and operating income for the reportable operating segments for the years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 are presented in Note 13 entitled Operating Segment Information of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ." The Company regularly reviews its operating segments for reporting purposes based on the information its chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance and makes changes when appropriate. 

16 

The following table sets forth certain consolidated statements of income data as a percent of revenue by reportable operating segment, All Other and in total for the fiscal years ended May 31: 
 2023 2022 Revenue: Uniform Rental and Facility Services 78.2 79.3 First Aid and Safety Services 10.8 10.6 All Other 11.0 10.1 Total revenue 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales: Uniform Rental and Facility Services 52.7 53.3 First Aid and Safety Services 49.3 55.3 All Other 55.9 56.0 Total cost of sales 52.7 53.8 Gross margin: Uniform Rental and Facility Services 47.3 46.7 First Aid and Safety Services 50.7 44.7 All Other 44.1 44.0 Total gross margin 47.3 46.2 Selling and administrative expenses: Uniform Rental and Facility Services 25.9 25.0 First Aid and Safety Services 31.7 31.9 All Other 29.3 28.0 Total selling and administrative expenses 26.9 26.0 Operating income: Uniform Rental and Facility Services 21.4 21.7 First Aid and Safety Services 19.0 12.8 All Other 14.8 16.0 Total operating income 20.4 20.2 Interest expense, net 1.2 1.1 Income before income taxes 19.2 19.1 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2023 total revenue was 8.8 billion, an increase of 12.2 over the prior fiscal year. Revenue increased organically by 12.2 as a result of increased sales volume. Organic growth adjusts for the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Total revenue was positively impacted by 0.4 due primarily to acquisitions and negatively impacted by 0.4 due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 
 Organic revenue growth by quarter for fiscal 2023 is as follows: 
 Organic Growth First quarter ended August 31, 2022 
 13.9 Second quarter ended November 30, 2022 
 12.8 Third quarter ended February 28, 2023 
 11.8 Fourth quarter ended May 31, 2023 
 10.3 For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 
 12.2 
 
 17 

Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment revenue consists predominantly of revenue derived from the rental of corporate identity uniforms and other garments, including flame resistant clothing and the rental and/or sale of mats, mops, shop towels, restroom supplies and other rental services. Revenue from the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment increased 10.8 compared to fiscal 2022. Organic revenue growth for this reportable operating segment was 10.8 . Revenue growth was positively impacted by 0.4 due to acquisitions and negatively impacted by 0.4 due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Revenue growth was a result of new business, the penetration of additional products and services into existing customers and price increases, partially offset by lost business. New business growth resulted from an increase in the number and productivity of sales representatives. Generally, sales productivity improvements are due to increased tenure and improved training, which produce a higher number of products and services sold. 
 
 Other revenue, consisting of revenue from the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment and All Other, increased 17.9 compared to fiscal 2022. Revenue improved from increases in sales representative productivity. Revenue increased organically by 17.4 . Revenue growth was positively impacted by 0.6 due primarily to acquisitions and negatively impacted by 0.1 due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 
 Cost of uniform rental and facility services increased 9.5 compared to fiscal 2022. Cost of uniform rental and facility services consists primarily of production expenses, delivery expenses and the amortization of in service inventory, including uniforms, mats, shop towels and other ancillary items. The change from the prior year was primarily due to higher Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment sales volume, as well as investments in material cost to support increased revenue growth. The cost of uniform rental and facility services as a percent of revenue improved compared to fiscal 2022 from 53.3 to 52.7 as a result of efficiencies in labor and improved leverage of fixed costs. 
 
 Cost of other consists primarily of cost of goods sold (predominantly first aid and safety products, personal protective equipment, uniforms and fire protection products), delivery expenses and distribution expenses in the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment and All Other. Cost of other increased 11.5 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, but decreased as a percent of revenue to 52.7 , compared to 55.7 in fiscal 2022. The improvement in cost of sales as a percent to revenue was primarily due to favorable changes in the sales mix in the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment as well as i mproved leverage of fixed costs for both the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment and All Other. 
 
 Selling and administrative expenses increased 325.8 million, to 26.9 as a percent of revenue, compared to 26.0 in fiscal 2022. The change as a percent of revenue was primarily due to a 12.1 million gain on the sale of certain operating assets recorded within All Other and a 30.2 million one-time gain on an equity method investment transaction recorded in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Net interest expense (interest expense less interest income) was 109.5 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 88.6 million in fiscal 2022. The change was to an due increase in the interest rates on outstanding debt, specifically commercial paper, as well as an increase in the average amount of outstanding debt during fiscal 2023. 
 
 Income before income taxes was 1,693.1 million, an increase of 194.4 million, or 13.0 , compared to fiscal 2022. The increase in income before income taxes was primarily due to revenue growth, as well as the improvements in gross margin previously mentioned. 
 
 Cintas' effective tax rate was 20.4 for fiscal 2023 compared to 17.5 in fiscal 2022. The effective tax rate in both periods was impacted by certain discrete items, primarily the tax accounting impact for stock-based compensation. In addition, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 included one-time tax benefits from a gain on an equity method investment transaction and from the sale of certain operating assets. 
 
 Net income for fiscal 2023 of 1,348.0 million was a 9.1 increase compared to fiscal 2022. Diluted earnings per share of 12.99 was an 11.5 increase compared to fiscal 2022 diluted earnings per share of 11.65. Diluted earnings per share increased primarily due to the increase in net income combined with the decrease in diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. The decrease in diluted weighted average common shares outstanding resulted from purchasing an aggregate of approximately 2.7 million shares of common stock under the Board of Directors approved share buyback programs since the beginning of the third quarter of fiscal 2022 through the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 

18 

Uniform Rental and Facility Services Reportable Operating Segment 
 Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment revenue increased 670.2 million, or 10.8 , and the cost of uniform rental and facility services increased 315.7 million, or 9.5 , due to the reasons previously discussed. The reportable operating segment's fiscal 2023 gross margin was 47.3 of revenue compared to 46.7 in fiscal 2022. The improvement in gross margin was the result of efficiencies in labor and i mproved leverage of fixed costs , partially offset by investments in material cost to support increased revenue growth. 
 
 Selling and administrative expenses for the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment increased 229.1 million in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Selling and administrative expense as a percent of revenue for fiscal 2023 was 25.9 compared to 25.0 in fiscal 2022. The change as a percent of revenue was primarily due to the previously mentioned one-time gain on an equity method investment transaction of 30.2 million recorded in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Income before income taxes for the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment increased 125.3 million, or 9.3 , for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. The increase in income before income taxes was due to the previously discussed growth in revenue and gross margin improvement. Income before income taxes as a percent of revenue was 21.4 compared to 21.7 in fiscal 2022. The change over the prior fiscal year was primarily due to the previously discussed one-time gain on an equity method investment transaction recorded in fiscal 2022. 
 
 First Aid and Safety Services Reportable Operating Segment 
 First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment revenue increased 119.0 million in fiscal 2023, a 14.3 increase compared to fiscal 2022. Organic revenue growth for this reportable operating segment was 13.1 . Revenue growth was positively impacted by 1.3 due to acquisitions and negatively impacted by 0.1 due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. This increase in revenue was driven by many factors including increases in new business sold by sales representatives, penetration of additional products and services into existing customers and strong customer retention. 
 
 Cost of sales for the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment increased 9.1 million, or 2.0 , in fiscal 2023, due to higher sales volume. Gross margin for the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment is defined as revenue less cost of goods, warehouse expenses and service expenses. Gross margin as a percent of revenue was 50.7 for fiscal 2023 compared to 44.7 in fiscal 2022. The improvement in gross margin as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to a decrease in the proportion of sales related to personal protective equipment, which typically have lower gross margins compared to the first aid cabinet sales, as well as i mproved leverage of fixed costs. 
 
 Selling and administrative expenses for the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment increased by 36.0 million, or 13.6 , in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, and improved as a percent of revenue to 31.7 in fiscal 2023 compared to 31.9 in fiscal 2022. The improvement as a percent of revenue was primarily due to efficiencies realized in selling and administrative labor expenses. 
 
 Income before income taxes for the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment was 180.7 million in fiscal 2023, an increase of 73.9 million, or 69.2 , compared to fiscal 2022. Income before income taxes as a percent of revenue at 19.0 , increased from 12.8 in fiscal 2022 due to the previously discussed improvements in both gross margin and selling and administrative expenses. 
 
 19 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows and cash and cash equivalents as of and for the fiscal years ended May 31: 
 (In thousands) 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,597,814 1,537,625 Net cash used in investing activities (388,672) (402,635) Net cash used in financing activities (1,172,836) (1,537,943) Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 124,149 90,471 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, include 29.9 million and 43.1 million, respectively, that is located outside of the U.S. 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. We generally use these cash flows to fund most, if not all, of our operations and expansion activities and dividends on our common stock. We may also use cash flows provided by operating activities, as well as proceeds from long-term debt and short-term borrowings, to fund growth and expansion opportunities, as well as other cash requirements such as the repurchase of our common stock and payment of long-term debt. 
 
 We expect our cash flows from operating activities to remain sufficient to provide us with adequate levels of liquidity. In addition, we have access to 2.0 billion of debt capacity from our amended and restated revolving credit facility, which matures on March 23, 2027. We believe the Company has sufficient liquidity to operate in the current business environment for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future thereafter. Acquisitions, repurchases of our common stock and dividends remain strategic objectives, but they will be dependent on the economic outlook and liquidity of the Company. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 1.60 billion for fiscal 2023, which was an increase of 60.2 million, or 3.9 , compared to fiscal 2022. The increase was primarily the result of an increase in net income and favorable changes in working capital, specifically accrued liabilities, current income taxes and accounts payable. These improvements were partially offset by unfavorable changes in working capital, specifically, capitalized contract costs, inventories and accounts receivable, which resulted from the growth in revenue. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 388.7 million in fiscal 2023, compared to 402.6 million in fiscal 2022. Net cash used in investing activities includes capital expenditures, purchases of investments, proceeds from the sale of operating assets and cash paid for acquisitions of businesses. Capital expenditures were 331.1 million and 240.7 million for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2023 included 227.4 million for the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment and 76.5 million for the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment. The increase in capital expenditures from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 was due to an investment in the operating segments to support continued market penetration and revenue growth. Cash paid for acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired, was 46.4 million and 164.2 million for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. The acquisitions in both fiscal 2023 and 2022 occurred in our Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment, our First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment and our Fire Protection operating segment, which is included in All Other. The fiscal 2022 acquisitions also include the acquisition of the remaining interest of an equity method investment. In fiscal 2022 investing activities included proceeds of 15.3 million from the sale of certain operating assets, net of cash disposed in the Uniform Direct Sales operating segment, which is included in All Other. Net cash used in investing activities also included 4.6 million and 6.1 million of purchases of investments during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 1,172.8 million for fiscal 2023, compared to 1,537.9 million in fiscal 2022. The decrease in cash used in financing activities was due to the decrease in share buyback activity, partially offset by the 562.9 million increase in net debt payments, the 74.8 million increase in dividends paid and the 114.7 million decrease in proceeds from the exercise of stock-based compensation awards. 

20 

On October 29, 2019, we announced the Board of Directors authorized a 1.0 billion share buyback program, which was completed during fiscal 2022. On July 27, 2021, we announced the Board of Directors authorized a 1.5 billion share buyback program, which does not have an expiration date. From the inception of the July 27, 2021 share buyback program through May 31, 2023, Cintas purchased a total of 2.7 million shares of Cintas common stock at an average price of 385.80 per share for a total purchase price of 1.0 billion. On July 26, 2022, Cintas announced that the Board of Directors authorized a new 1.0 billion share buyback program, which does not have an expiration date. The following table summarizes the buyback activity by program and fiscal year ended May 31: 
 2023 2022 Buyback Program 
 (In thousands except per share data) 
 Shares Average Price per Share Purchase Price Shares Average Price per Share Purchase Price October 29, 2019 1,590 365.41 581,220 July 27, 2021 550 396.69 218,288 2,150 383.01 823,429 July 26, 2022 550 396.69 218,288 3,740 375.53 1,404,649 Shares acquired for taxes due (1) 
 430 420.21 180,577 305 397.16 121,224 Total repurchase of Cintas common stock 398,865 1,525,873 
 
 (1) Shares of Cintas stock acquired for employee payroll taxes due on options exercised and vested restricted stock awards. 
 
 There were no share buybacks in the period subsequent to May 31, 2023, through July 27, 2023, under any share buyback program. 
 
 Our Board of Directors declared the following dividends: 
 Paid Dividends Declaration Date 
 (In millions except per share data) 
 Record Date Payment Date Dividend Per Share Total Amount Fiscal Year 2023 April 12, 2022 May 16, 2022 June 15, 2022 0.95 97.7 July 26, 2022 August 15, 2022 September 15, 2022 1.15 117.3 October 25, 2022 November 15, 2022 December 15, 2022 1.15 117.4 January 10, 2023 February 15, 2023 March 15, 2023 1.15 117.5 Total 4.40 449.9 Fiscal Year 2022 April 13, 2021 May 15, 2021 June 15, 2021 0.75 79.1 July 27, 2021 August 13, 2021 September 15, 2021 0.95 98.8 October 26, 2021 November 15, 2021 December 15, 2022 0.95 99.0 January 12, 2022 February 15, 2022 March 15, 2022 0.95 98.2 Total 3.60 375.1 Accrued Dividends As of May 31, 2023 April 11, 2023 (1) 
 May 15, 2023 June 15, 2023 1.15 117.6 As of May 31, 2022 April 12, 2022 (1) 
 May 16, 2022 June 15, 2022 0.95 97.5 
 (1) The dividends declared on April 11, 2023 and April 12, 2022 were included in current accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 21 

Any future dividend declarations, including the amount of any dividends, are at the discretion of the Board of Directors and dependent upon then-existing conditions, including the Company's consolidated operating results and consolidated financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, Cintas paid 261.2 million, net of commercial paper. On April 17, 2023, in accordance with the terms of the notes, Cintas paid the 50.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 3.73 , private placement, 10-year senior notes that matured on that date with proceeds from short-term commercial paper issuance. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, Cintas issued 261.2 million, net of commercial paper. On June 1, 2021, in accordance with the terms of the notes, Cintas paid the 250.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 4.30 , 10-year senior notes that matured on that date with cash on hand. On April 1, 2022, in accordance with the terms of the notes, Cintas paid the 650.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 2.90 , 5-year senior notes that matured on that date with proceeds from short-term borrowings. On May 1, 2022, Cintas redeemed at par value the 300.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its 3.25 , 10-year senior notes 30 days in advance of the maturation date with proceeds from short-term borrowings. On May 3, 2022, Cintas issued 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that bear an interest rate of 3.45 and mature on May 1, 2025. On May 3, 2022, Cintas also issued 800.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that bear an interest rate of 4.00 and mature on May 1, 2032. The net proceeds from these issuances were utilized for general business purposes, including reducing Cintas short-term borrowings. 
 
 The following table summarizes Cintas' outstanding debt at May 31: 
 (In thousands) Interest Rate Fiscal Year Issued Fiscal Year Maturity 2023 2022 Debt due within one year Commercial paper 1.20 (1) 
 2022 2023 261,200 Senior notes (2) 
 2.78 2013 2023 50,380 Debt issuance costs (6) Total debt due within one year 311,574 Debt due after one year Senior notes (3) 
 3.11 2015 2025 50,630 50,965 Senior notes 3.45 2022 2025 400,000 400,000 Senior notes 3.70 2017 2027 1,000,000 1,000,000 Senior notes 4.00 2022 2032 800,000 800,000 Senior notes 6.15 2007 2037 250,000 250,000 Debt issuance costs (14,225) (17,033) Total debt due after one year 2,486,405 2,483,932 
 (1) Variable rate debt instrument. The rate presented is the variable borrowing rate at May 31, 2022. 
 (2) Cintas assumed these senior notes with the acquisition of G K Services, Inc. (G K) in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and they were recorded at fair value. The interest rate shown above is the effective interest rate until repayment in fiscal 2023. 
 (3) Cintas assumed these senior notes with the acquisition of G K in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and they were recorded at fair value. The interest rate shown above is the effective interest rate. The principal amount of these notes is 50.0 million with a stated interest rate of 3.88 . 
 The credit agreement that supports our commercial paper program has capacity under the revolving credit facility of 2.0 billion. The credit agreement has an accordion feature that provides Cintas the ability to request increases to the borrowing commitments under the revolving credit facility of up to 500.0 million in the aggregate, subject to customary conditions. The maturity date of the revolving credit facility is March 23, 2027. As of May 31, 2023, there was no commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings on our revolving credit facility. As of May 31, 2022, there was 261.2 million commercial paper outstanding and no borrowings on our revolving credit facility. 

22 

Cintas has certain covenants related to debt agreements. These covenants limit Cintas' ability to incur certain liens, to engage in sale-leaseback transactions and to merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of Cintas' assets. These covenants also require Cintas to maintain certain debt to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) and interest coverage ratios. Cross-default provisions exist between certain debt instruments. If a default of a significant covenant were to occur, the default could result in an acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness, impair liquidity and limit the ability to raise future capital. Cintas was in compliance with all of the debt covenants for all periods presented. 
 
 Our access to the commercial paper and long-term debt markets has historically provided us with sources of both short-term and long-term liquidity to meet material cash obligations. We do not anticipate having difficulty in obtaining financing from those markets in the future in view of our favorable experiences in the debt markets in the recent past. Additionally, our ability to continue to access the commercial paper and long-term debt markets on favorable interest rate and other terms will depend, to a significant degree, on the ratings assigned by the credit rating agencies to our indebtedness. As of May 31, 2023, our ratings were as follows: 
 Rating Agency Outlook Commercial Paper Long-term Debt Standard Poor s Stable A-2 A- Moody s Investors Service Stable P-2 A3 
 
 In the event that the ratings of our commercial paper or our outstanding long-term debt issues were substantially lowered or withdrawn for any reason, or if the ratings assigned to any new issue of long-term debt securities were significantly lower than those noted above, particularly if we no longer had investment grade ratings, our ability to access the debt markets may be adversely affected. In addition, in such a case, our cost of funds for new issues of commercial paper and long-term debt would be higher than our cost of funds would have been had the ratings of those new issues been at or above the level of the ratings noted above. The rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our commercial paper or debt securities. Each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Moreover, each credit rating is specific to the security to which it applies. 
 
 To monitor our credit rating and our capacity for long-term financing, we consider various qualitative and quantitative factors. One such factor is the ratio of our total debt to EBITDA. For the purpose of this calculation, debt is defined as the sum of short-term borrowings, long-term debt due within one year, long-term debt and standby letters of credit. 
 
 Financial and Nonfinancial Disclosure About Issuers and Guarantors of Cintas Senior Notes 
 Cintas Corporation No. 2 (Corp. 2) is the indirectly, wholly owned principal operating subsidiary of Cintas. Corp. 2 is the issuer of the 2,500.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding as of May 31, 2023, which are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by Cintas Corporation and its wholly owned, direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries. See Note 6 entitled Debt, Derivatives and Hedging Activities of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements " for more information on Cintas' outstanding debt. 
 
 Basis of Preparation of the Summarized Financial Information 
 The following tables include summarized financial information of Cintas Corporation (Issuer), Corp. 2 and subsidiary guarantors (together, the Obligor Group). Investments in and equity in the earnings of non-guarantors, which are not members of the Obligor Group, have been excluded. Non-guarantor subsidiaries are located outside the U.S., and therefore, excluded from the Obligor Group. 
 
 The summarized financial information of the Obligor Group is presented on a combined basis with intercompany balances and transactions between entities in the Obligor Group eliminated. The Obligor Group s amounts due from, amounts due to and transactions with non-guarantors have been presented in separate line items, if they are material. 

23 

Summarized financial information of the Obligor Group is as follows for the fiscal years ended May 31: 
 
 Summarized Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (In thousands) 
 2023 2022 Net sales to unrelated parties 8,333,404 7,398,923 Net sales to non-guarantors 13,791 8,461 Operating income 1,742,304 1,534,320 Net income 1,301,073 1,197,830 
 
 Summarized Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands) 
 2023 2022 Assets Receivables due from non-obligor subsidiaries 9,168 11,759 Total other current assets 2,738,095 2,427,494 Total other noncurrent assets 5,210,312 5,081,265 Liabilities Amounts due to non-obligor subsidiaries 11,902 11,383 Current liabilities 1,183,511 1,388,310 Noncurrent liabilities 3,399,191 3,346,851 
 
 Contractual and Other Material Cash Obligations 
 Payments Due by Period (In thousands) Total One year or less Two to three years Four to five years After five years Debt (1) 
 2,500,000 450,000 1,000,000 1,050,000 Operating leases (2) 
 196,688 48,070 73,621 44,221 30,776 Interest payments 675,043 100,115 184,490 131,750 258,688 Total contractual and other material cash obligations 3,371,731 148,185 708,111 1,175,971 1,339,464 
 (1) See Note 6 entitled Debt, Derivatives and Hedging Activities of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements " for a detailed presentation of Cintas' debt. 
 (2) See Note 7 entitled Leases of " Notes to Consolidated financial Statements " for a detailed presentation of Cintas' operating leases. 
 Cintas also makes payments to defined contribution plans and may make payments to defined benefit plans to satisfy minimum funding requirements. The amount of contributions made to the defined contribution plans are at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Future contributions to the defined contribution plans are expected to be 107.9 million in the next year, 232.3 million in the next two to three years and 256.2 million in the next four to five years. Future contributions to the defined benefit plans are expected to be 0.8 million in the next year, 9.5 million in the next two to three years and 6.0 million in the next four to five years. 
 24 

Other Commitments 
 Amount of Commitment Expiration per Period (In thousands) Total One year or less Two to three years Four to five years After five years Lines of credit (1) 
 1,999,299 1,999,299 Standby letters of credit and surety bonds (2) 
 99,579 99,579 Total other commitments 2,098,878 99,579 1,999,299 
 (1) Back-up facility for the commercial paper program (reference Note 6 entitled Debt, Derivatives and Hedging Activities of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements " for further discussion). 
 (2) These standby letters of credit and surety bonds support certain outstanding debt (reference Note 6 entitled Debt, Derivatives and Hedging Activities of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements "), self-insured workers' compensation and general liability insurance programs. 
 Inflation and Changing Prices 
 Changes in wages, benefits and energy costs have the potential to materially impact Cintas' consolidated results of operations. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, we experienced impacts from inflation, including, but not limited to, higher labor, fuel and transportation costs. Management has been able to mitigate these inflationary pressures through pricing and various efficiency initiatives. Management has mitigated these impacts such that net of the mitigation strategy and initiatives, inflation and changing prices has not had a material impact on Cintas' consolidated financial condition or a negative impact on the consolidated results of operations. 
 Litigation and Other Contingencies 
 Cintas is subject to legal proceedings, insurance receipts, legal settlements and claims arising from the ordinary course of its business, including personal injury, customer contract, environmental and employment claims. In the opinion of management, the aggregate liability, if any, with respect to such ordinary course of business actions will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows of Cintas. Cintas is also party to additional litigation not considered in the ordinary course of business. See Note 14 entitled Litigation and Other Contingencies of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements " for a detailed discussion of such additional litigation. 
 New Accounting Standards 
 There are no new accounting pronouncements recently issued or newly effective that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on Cintas' consolidated financial statements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of Cintas' consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that have a significant effect on the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These critical accounting policies should be read in conjunction with Note 1 entitled Significant Accounting Policies of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ." Significant changes, estimates or assumptions related to any of the following critical accounting policies could possibly have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue recognition. Rental revenue, which is recorded in the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment, is recognized when services are performed or the obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied. Other revenue, which is recorded in the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segments and All Other, is recognized when either services are performed or the obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied. See Note 2 entitled Revenue Recognition of the " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements " for more information on Cintas' revenue. 

25 

Uniforms and other rental items in service. Uniforms and other rental items in service are valued at cost less amortization, calculated using the straight-line method. Uniforms in service (other than cleanroom garments) are amortized over their useful lives, which range from 18 to 30 months. Other rental items, including shop towels, mats, mops, cleanroom garments, linens and restroom dispensers, are amortized over their useful lives, which range from 8 to 60 months. The amortization rates used are based on industry experience, Cintas' specific experience and wear tests performed by Cintas. These factors are critical to determining the amount of in service inventory and related cost of uniforms and ancillary products that are presented in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Goodwill. Goodwill, obtained through acquisitions of businesses, is valued at cost less any impairment. Cintas completes an annual impairment test, that includes an assessment of quantitative and qualitative factors including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions and entity specific factors such as strategies and financial performance. We test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level. Cintas has identified four reporting units for purposes of evaluating goodwill impairment: Uniform Rental and Facility Services, First Aid and Safety Services and two reporting units within All Other. Based on the results of the annual impairment tests, Cintas was not required to recognize an impairment of goodwill for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021. Cintas will continue to perform impairment tests as of March 1 in future years and when indicators of impairment exist. 
 
 Insurance reserve. The insurance reserve represents the estimated ultimate cost of all asserted and unasserted claims, primarily related to workers' compensation, auto liability and other general liability exposure through the consolidated balance sheet dates. Our incurred but not reported reserves are estimated through actuarial procedures, with the assistance of third-party actuarial specialists, of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for specific expectations based on our claims history. Cintas records an increase or decrease in selling and administrative expenses related to development of prior claims, higher claims activity and other environmental factors in the period in which it becomes known. These changes in estimates may be material to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined by the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. See Note 8 entitled Income Taxes of " Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements " for the types of items that give rise to significant deferred income tax assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are classified as assets or liabilities based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting purposes. Cintas regularly reviews deferred tax assets for recoverability based upon projected future taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that the recorded deferred tax assets, as adjusted for valuation allowances, will be realized. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Earnings may be affected by changes in short-term interest rates due to investments, if any, in marketable securities and money market accounts and periodic issuances of commercial paper. If short-term rates changed by one-half percent (or 50 basis points), Cintas' income before income taxes would change by approximately 0.1 million. This estimated exposure considers the effects on investments. This analysis does not consider the effects of a change in economic activity or a change in Cintas' capital structure. 
 
 Through its foreign operations, Cintas is exposed to foreign currency risk. Foreign currency exposures arise from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency and from foreign denominated revenue and profit translated into U.S. dollars. Foreign denominated revenue and profit represents less than 10 of Cintas' consolidated revenue and profit. 
 26 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the Fiscal Years Ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 28 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 29 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 32 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 33 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 36 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 37 

27 

Management's Report on 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

To the Shareholders of Cintas Corporation: 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control over financial reporting will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. 
 
 With the supervision of our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Management's assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies and our overall control environment. This assessment is supported by testing and monitoring performed by our internal audit function. 
 
 Based on our assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of May 31, 2023, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 We reviewed the results of management's assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, independently assessed the effectiveness of Cintas Corporation's internal control over financial reporting. Ernst Young LLP has issued an attestation report, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Todd M. Schneider President and Chief Executive Officer J. Michael Hansen Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 28 

Report of Independent 
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cintas Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cintas Corporation (the Company) as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively, referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated July 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 29 

Valuation of Insurance Reserves Description of the Matter At May 31, 2023, the Company's insurance reserve was 182.0 million. As described in Note 1 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company s insurance reserve represents the estimated ultimate cost of all asserted and unasserted (incurred but not reported) claims primarily related to workers' compensation, auto liability and other general liability exposure. The unasserted (incurred but not reported) insurance reserve is estimated through actuarial procedures using industry assumptions, adjusted for Company specific expectations based on claims history. 
 
 Auditing the Company's estimate of the unasserted (incurred but not reported) insurance reserve is judgmental and complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty of the potential value of unasserted claims, which are developed with the assistance of a third-party actuarial specialist. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s unasserted (incurred but not reported) insurance reserve. This includes internal controls over the claims activity and actuarial methods used to establish the unasserted (incurred but not reported) insurance reserve. Specifically, we tested internal controls related to management s review of data provided to the actuary, validation of claim activity and review of actuarial methods. 
 
 To test the unasserted (incurred but not reported) insurance reserve, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the methodologies used to estimate the incurred but not reported insurance reserve, testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying claims data, vouching payments made to third parties, and testing the mathematical accuracy of the actuarially determined unasserted (incurred but not reported) insurance reserve. Furthermore, we involved our actuarial specialists to assist in evaluating the methodologies used by management to determine the unasserted (incurred but not reported) insurance reserve and comparing the Company s recorded unasserted (incurred but not reported) insurance reserve to a range developed based on independently selected actuarial methodologies. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1968 
 
 July 27, 2023 
 30 

Report of Independent 
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cintas Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Cintas Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Cintas Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a), and our report dated July 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 July 27, 2023 
 31 

Consolidated Statements of Income Fiscal Years Ended May 31, (In thousands except per share data) 2023 2022 2021 Revenue: Uniform rental and facility services Other Total revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of uniform rental and facility services Cost of other Selling and administrative expenses Operating income Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Dividends declared and paid per share 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 32 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Fiscal Years Ended May 31, (In thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in fair value of interest rate lock agreements, net of tax 
 expense of , and , respectively 
 Amortization of interest rate lock agreements, net of tax benefit 
 of ), ) and ), respectively 
 ) ) ) Other, net of tax (benefit) expense of ), and , respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax expense of , and , respectively 
 ) Comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 33 

Consolidated Balance Sheets As of May 31, (In thousands except share data) 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, principally trade, less allowance of and 
 , respectively 
 Inventories, net Uniforms and other rental items in service Income taxes, current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Investments Goodwill Service contracts, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Other assets, net Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and related liabilities Accrued liabilities Income taxes, current Operating lease liabilities, current Debt due within one year Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Debt due after one year Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Accrued liabilities Total long-term liabilities Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock, no par value: 
 shares authorized, outstanding 
 Common stock, no par value, and paid-in capital: 
 shares authorized 
 2023: shares issued and shares outstanding 
 2022: shares issued and shares outstanding 
 Retained earnings Treasury stock: 
 2023: shares 
 2022: shares 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes. 
 34 

Consolidated 
 Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 Common Stock and Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Other Accumulated Comprehensive (Loss) Income Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity (In thousands) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 1, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation Vesting of stock-based compensation awards Stock options exercised Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation Vesting of stock-based compensation awards Stock options exercised ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends ) ) Stock-based compensation Vesting of stock-based compensation awards Stock options exercised ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2023 ) ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 35 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Fiscal Years Ended May 31, (In thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets and capitalized contract costs Stock-based compensation Gain on equity method investment transaction ) Net gain on sale of operating assets ) ) Long-lived asset impairment Deferred income taxes ) Change in current assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions of businesses: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Inventories, net ) ) Uniforms and other rental items in service ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets and capitalized contract costs ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation and related liabilities ) Accrued liabilities and other ) ) Income taxes, current ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of operating assets, net of cash disposed Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: (Payments) issuance of commercial paper, net ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Repayment of debt ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock-based compensation awards Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 36 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. 
 businesses of all types and sizes, primarily in the United States (U.S.), as well as Canada and Latin America, get READY to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance our customers image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe and looking their best. With products and services including uniforms, mats, mops, restroom supplies, first aid and safety products, fire extinguishers and testing, and safety training, Cintas helps customers get Ready for the Workday . 
 
 Cintas reportable operating segments are the Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment and the First Aid and Safety Services operating segment. The Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment, consists of the rental and servicing of uniforms and other garments including flame resistant clothing, mats, mops and shop towels and other ancillary items. In addition to these rental items, restroom cleaning services and supplies and the sale of items from our catalogs to our customers on route are included within this reportable operating segment. The First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment consists of first aid and safety products and services. The remainder of Cintas operating segments, which consists of the Fire Protection Services operating segment and the Uniform Direct Sale operating segment, are included in All Other. Cintas evaluates operating segment performance based on revenue and income before income taxes. Revenue and income before income taxes the reportable operating segments for the years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 are presented in Note 13 entitled Operating Segment Information. The Company regularly reviews its operating segments for reporting purposes based on the information its chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance and makes changes when appropriate. 
 
 Principles of consolidation. 
 
 Use of estimates. 
 
 Revenue recognition. See Note 2 entitled Revenue Recognition. 
 
 Cost of uniform rental and facility services. 
 
 Cost of other. 
 
 37 

Cash and cash equivalents. At May 31, 2023 and 2022, cash and cash equivalents includes million and million, respectively, of restricted cash used as collateral associated with our insurance reserve. 
 
 Accounts receivable. 
 
 Inventories, net. 
 Work in process Finished goods 
 Inventories are recorded net of reserves for obsolete inventory (excess and slow-moving) of million and million at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Uniforms and other rental items in service. to months. Other rental items, including shop towels, mats, mops, cleanroom garments, linens and restroom dispensers, are amortized over their useful lives, which range from to months. The amortization rates used are based on industry experience, Cintas' specific experience and wear tests performed by Cintas. These factors are critical to determining the amount of in service inventory and related cost of uniforms and facility services that are presented in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 For the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, no impairment losses were recorded. 

38 

to 
 Building improvements to 
 Equipment to 
 Leasehold improvements to 
 
 million in the Uniform Direct Sale operating segment during the year ended May 31, 2021. The long-lived asset impairment in fiscal 2021 was based on the excess of the carrying amount of asset over their respective fair values and were recorded within selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. The undiscounted cash flows were estimated, using Level 2 inputs based on both the cost and market approaches, at the lowest discernible level of cash flows, which is at the location level. Cintas did not identify any indicators of impairment for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Goodwill. reporting units for purposes of evaluating goodwill impairment: Uniform Rental and Facility Services, First Aid and Safety Services and reporting units within All Other. Based on the results of the annual impairment tests, Cintas was not required to recognize an impairment of goodwill for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 or 2021. Cintas will continue to perform impairment tests as of March 1 in future years and when indicators of impairment exist. 
 
 Service contracts and other assets. to years. Certain noncompete agreements, as well as all service contracts, require that a valuation be determined using a discounted cash flow model. The assumptions and judgments used in these models involve estimates of cash flows and discount rates, among other factors. Because of the assumptions used to value these intangible assets, actual results over time could vary from original estimates. Impairment of service contracts and other assets is accomplished through specific identification. No impairment has been recognized by Cintas for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Business acquisitions. 
 
 On December 10, 2021, Cintas acquired the remaining interest of an equity method investment. The acquisition operates as a component of Cintas' supply chain within the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment. The cash consideration transferred to acquire the remaining interest of the equity method investment was million, net of cash acquired of million. Under applicable accounting guidance, the Company was required to record its historical equity method investment at fair value million), resulting in a gain of million, which is recorded as a reduction in selling and administrative expenses, within the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment, in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. The fair value of the historical equity method investment was determined using a combination of a market and income approach 
 39 

Accrued liabilities. 
 Employee benefit related liabilities Dividends Accrued interest Other 

Insurance reserve. 
 
 Environmental obligations. 
 
 Pension plans. 
 40 

Stock-based compensation. 
 
 Derivatives and hedging activities. 
 
 Income taxes. 

Litigation and other contingencies. 

41 

New accounting pronouncements. 
 
 42 

Note 2. 
 First Aid and Safety Services Fire Protection Services Uniform Direct Sales Total revenue 
 
 The Fire Protection Services and Uniform Direct Sales operating segments are included within All Other as disclosed in Note 13 entitled Operating Segment Information. 
 
 Revenue Recognition Policy 
 Approximately of the Company's revenue is derived from fees for route servicing of Uniform Rental and Facility Services, First Aid and Safety Services and Fire Protection Services customers, performed by a Cintas employee-partner, at the customer's location of business. of the Company's total revenue, is recognized when the obligations under the terms of a contract with a customer are satisfied. This generally occurs when the goods are transferred to the customer. 
 
 43 

As of May 31, 2023, the current and noncurrent assets related to deferred commissions totaled million and million, respectively. As of May 31, 2022, the current and noncurrent assets related to deferred commissions totaled million and million, respectively. We recorded amortization expense related to deferred commissions of million, million and million during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These expenses are classified in selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 

Note 3. 
 
 Other assets, net: Interest rate lock agreements Total assets at fair value 
 
 As of May 31, 2022 (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair Value Cash and cash equivalents Other assets, net: Interest rate lock agreements Total assets at fair value 
 
 44 

Note 4. 
 Buildings and improvements Equipment Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 million and million, respectively, of internal use software. Amortization of internal use software begins when the software is ready for service and continues on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life, generally years. Accumulated amortization related to internal use software was million and million at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We recorded amortization expense related to internal use software of million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These expenses are classified in selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 

Note 5. 
 Goodwill acquired Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2022 Goodwill acquired Foreign currency translation ) ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2023 
 
 Service contracts acquired Service contracts amortization ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2022 Service contracts acquired Service contracts amortization ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2023 
 45 

Capitalized contract costs (1) 
 Noncompete and consulting agreements and other Other assets 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Amortization expense for service contracts and other assets was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At May 31, 2023, the weighted average amortization period for service contracts, capitalized contract costs, noncompete and consulting agreements and other was years, years, years and years, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future amortization expense 
 
 46 

Note 6. 
 (1) 
 2022 2023 Senior notes (2) 
 2013 2023 Debt issuance costs ) Total debt due within one year Debt due after one year Senior notes (3) 
 2015 2025 Senior notes 2022 2025 Senior notes 2017 2027 Senior notes 2022 2032 Senior notes 2007 2037 Debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt due after one year 
 (1) Variable rate debt instrument. The rate presented is the variable rate at May 31, 2022. 
 (2) Cintas assumed these senior notes with the acquisition of G K in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, and they were recorded at fair value. The interest rate shown above is the effective interest rate until repayment in fiscal 2023. 
 million with a stated interest rate of . 
 The average interest rate for all Cintas debt at May 31, 2023 was , with maturity dates through fiscal year 2037. Cintas' senior notes, excluding G K senior notes assumed with the acquisition of G K in fiscal 2017, are recorded at cost, net of debt issuance costs. The fair value of the long-term debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on general market prices. The carrying value and fair value of Cintas' debt as of May 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively, and as of May 31, 2022 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, Cintas paid million, net of commercial paper. On April 17, 2023, in accordance with the terms of the notes, Cintas paid the million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its , private placement, senior notes that matured on that date with proceeds from short-term commercial paper issuance. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, Cintas issued million, net of commercial paper. On June 1, 2021, in accordance with the terms of the notes, Cintas paid the million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its , senior notes that matured on that date with cash on hand. On April 1, 2022, in accordance with the terms of the notes, Cintas paid the million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its , senior notes that matured on that date with proceeds from short-term borrowings. On May 1, 2022, Cintas redeemed at par value the million aggregate principal amount outstanding of its , senior notes 30 days in advance of the maturation date with proceeds from short-term borrowings. On May 3, 2022, Cintas issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that bear an interest rate of and mature on May 1, 2025. On May 3, 2022, Cintas also issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that bear an interest rate of and mature on May 1, 2032. The net proceeds from these issuances were utilized for general business purposes, including reducing Cintas short-term borrowings. 
 
 Letters of credit outstanding were million and million at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Maturities of debt during each of the next five years are , million, , million and , respectively. 
 
 Interest paid was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 47 

billion. The credit agreement has an accordion feature that provides Cintas the ability to request increases to the borrowing commitments under the revolving credit facility of up to million in the aggregate, subject to customary conditions. The maturity date of the revolving credit facility is March 23, 2027. As of May 31, 2023, there was commercial paper outstanding and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. As of May 31, 2022, there was million commercial paper outstanding and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. The fair value of the commercial paper, if any, which approximates carrying value, is estimated using level 2 inputs based on general market prices and interest rates. 
 
 Cintas uses interest rate locks to manage its overall interest expense as interest rate locks effectively change the interest rate of specific debt issuances. The interest rate locks are entered into to protect against unfavorable movements in the benchmark treasury rate related to forecasted debt issuances. Cintas used interest rate locks, which represent cash flow hedges, to hedge against movements in the treasury rates at the time Cintas issued its senior notes in fiscal 2007, fiscal 2013, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2022. The amortization of the interest rate locks resulted in a decrease to other comprehensive income of million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2020, Cintas entered into interest rate lock agreements for forecasted debt issuances. The aggregate notional value of outstanding cash flow hedges was million at both May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 2020 
 The interest rate locks are also recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. In conjunction with the issuance of long-term debt in fiscal 2022, Cintas settled interest rate lock agreements, which were in an asset position of million at the date of settlement, with the cash received recorded within operating cash flows, in accordance with Company's accounting policy. The balance recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) will be amortized as a reduction to interest expense beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 through the remaining life of the debt. 

Note 7. 
 48 

million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new and renewed operating lease liabilities Operating lease right-of-use assets acquired in business combinations 
 
 Other information related to the operating lease right-of-use assets, net and operating lease liabilities was as follows at May 31: 
 2023 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total payments Less interest ) Total present value of lease payments 

Note 8. 
 Foreign operations 
 49 

State and local Foreign Deferred ) 
 
 Permanent differences (1) 
 ) ) ) State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit Capital loss carryback ) Other ) 

Inventory reserves Insurance reserves Stock-based compensation Operating lease liabilities Deferred compensation and other Deferred tax liabilities: Uniform and other rental items in service Property and equipment Intangibles and other amortizable assets Treasury locks Capitalized contract costs Operating lease right-of-use assets State taxes and other Net deferred tax liability 
 
 50 

million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, there was million and million, respectively, in total unrecognized tax benefits, which, if recognized, would favorably impact Cintas' effective tax rate. Cintas recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income, which is consistent with the recognition of these items in prior reporting periods. The total amount accrued for interest and penalties as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, was million and million, respectively. Cintas records this tax liability in long-term accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Additions for tax positions of the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Settlements ) Statute expirations ) Balance at May 31, 2022 Additions for tax positions of the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Settlements ) Statute expirations ) Balance at May 31, 2023 
 
 The majority of Cintas' operations are in North America. Cintas is required to file U.S. federal income tax returns, as well as state income tax returns in a majority of the domestic states and also in certain Canadian provinces. At times, Cintas is subject to audits in these jurisdictions. The audits, by nature, are sometimes complex and can require several years to resolve. The final resolution of any such tax audit could result in either a reduction in Cintas' accruals or an increase in its income tax expense, either of which could have an impact on the consolidated results of operation in any given period. 
 
 All U.S. federal income tax returns are closed to audit through fiscal 2019. Cintas is currently in various audits in certain foreign jurisdictions and certain domestic states. The years under foreign and domestic state audits cover fiscal years back to 2014 . Based on the status and resolution of the various audits and other potential regulatory developments, it is expected that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits will not materially change for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2024. 
 
 Foreign Withholding Tax 

51 

Note 9. 
 Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation, end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year Actual loss on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year Funded status-net amount recognized ) ) 
 
 The net pension liability of million and million was included in long-term accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. An unrecognized net actuarial loss of million and million related to the Pension Plan was included in "other" within the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated balance sheets at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 ) ) Net periodic pension benefit ) ) 

52 

The following weighted average assumptions were used to determine net periodic pension benefit for the Pension Plan for the fiscal years ended May 31: 
 2023 2022 Discount rate Expected return on plan assets 
 
 Plan Assets 
 Small cap equity International equity Fixed income Absolute return strategy funds Cash Total 
 
 Our investment committee, assisted by outside consultants, evaluates the objectives and investment policies concerning our long-term investment goals and asset allocation strategies. Pension Plan assets are invested in various asset classes that are expected to produce a sufficient level of diversification and investment return over the long term. To develop the expected long-term rate of return on asset assumptions, we consider the historical returns and future expectations of returns for each asset class, as well as the target asset allocation, changes in investments expenses and investment goals of the pension portfolio. This resulted in the selection of expected return on Pension Plan assets for fiscal year 2023 and expected return on Pension Plan assets for fiscal year 2022. The investment goals are (1) to meet or exceed the assumed actuarial rate of return over the long term within reasonable and prudent levels of risk, and (2) to preserve the real purchasing power of assets to meet future obligations. The nature and duration of benefit obligations, along with assumptions concerning asset class returns and return correlations, are considered when determining an appropriate asset allocation to achieve the investment objectives. Pension Plan assets for our qualified pension plans are held in a trust for the benefit of the plan participants and are invested in a diversified portfolio of equity investments, fixed income investments and cash. Risk targets are established and monitored against acceptable ranges. All investment policies and procedures are designed to ensure that the plans' investments are in compliance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act. Guidelines are established defining permitted investments within each asset class. 
 
 The implementation of the investment strategy discussed above is executed through a variety of investment types, including U.S. government securities, corporate debt and mutual funds. The mutual fund investments are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded and are not adjusted from the quoted active market price at the consolidated balance sheet dates. The remaining investments, primarily corporate debt, are valued using unadjusted observable inputs such as third-party quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for the assets or liabilities. 
 
 The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while we believe our valuation methods are appropriate and 
 53 

U.S. government securities Corporate debt Municipal obligations Mutual funds: U.S. securities International securities Total 
 
 We expect to make contributions of approximately million to the Pension Plan during the next 12 months. The Pension Plan benefit payments expected to be paid for each of the next five years and thereafter are million, million, million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Future changes in plan asset returns, assumed discount rates and various other factors related to the Pension Plan will impact future net periodic pension benefit (cost) and liabilities, however, any changes would not have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial position. 
 
 Cintas also administers a pension plan that was assumed in a previous acquisition and is immaterial for detailed disclosure purposes. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the fair value of this pension plan's total assets was million and million, respectively, and the PBO was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Non-Contributory Retirement Plans 
 Cintas' Partners' Plan (the Plan) is a non-contributory profit sharing plan and Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) for the benefit of substantially all U.S. Cintas employee-partners who have completed of service. The Plan also includes a 401(k) savings feature covering substantially all U.S. employee-partners. The amounts of contributions to the Plan and ESOP, as well as the matching contribution to the 401(k), are made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Total contributions, including Cintas' matching contributions, which approximate cost, were million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The expense associated with these contributions was recorded in selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Cintas has a non-contributory deferred profit sharing plan (DPSP), which covers substantially all Canadian employee-partners. In addition, a registered retirement savings plan (RRSP) is offered to those employees. The amounts of contributions to the DPSP, as well as the matching contribution to the RRSP, are made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Total contributions, which approximate cost, were million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The expense associated with these contributions was recorded in selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Cintas has a supplemental executive retirement plan (SERP) subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code for the benefit of certain highly compensated Cintas employee-partners. The SERP allows participants to defer the receipt of compensation which would otherwise become payable to them. Matching contributions are made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Total matching contributions, which approximates cost, were million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The expense associated with these contributions was recorded in selling and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of income. 
 54 

Note 10. 
 
 Less: net income allocated to participating securities Net income available to common shareholders Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Basic earnings per share 
 
 Diluted Earnings per Share 
 (In thousands except per share data) 
 2023 2022 2021 Net income Less: net income allocated to participating securities Net income available to common shareholders Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Effect of dilutive securities employee stock options 
 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Diluted earnings per share 
 
 For the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, options granted to purchase million, million and million shares of Cintas common stock, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. The exercise prices of these options were greater than the average market price of the common shares (anti-dilutive). 
 
 On October 30, 2018, we announced that the Board of Directors authorized a billion share buyback program, which was completed during the third quarter of fiscal 2021. On October 29, 2019, we announced the Board of Directors authorized a billion share buyback program, which was completed during the first quarter of fiscal 2022. On July 27, 2021, we announced that the Board of Directors authorized a billion share buyback program, which does not have an expiration date. From the inception of the July 27, 2021 share buyback program through May 31, 2023, Cintas purchased a total of million shares of Cintas common stock at an average price of per share for a total purchase price of billion. On July 26, 2022, Cintas announced that the Board of Directors authorized a new billion share buyback program, which does not have an expiration date. 
 55 

October 29, 2019 July 27, 2021 July 26, 2022 Shares acquired for 
 taxes due (1) 
 Total repurchase of Cintas common stock 
 (1) Shares of Cintas stock acquired for employee payroll taxes due on options exercised and vested restricted stock awards. 
 
 There were no share buybacks in the period subsequent to May 31, 2023, through July 27, 2023, under any share buyback program. 
 In addition to the share buyback activity presented above, beginning in fiscal 2022, Cintas acquired shares of Cintas common stock, via non-cash transactions, in connection with net-share settlements of option exercises. 

Note 11. 
 shares of Cintas' common stock. Any shares of common stock that remained available under the 2005 Plan became part of the total available share balance of shares under the 2016 Plan. At May 31, 2023, shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the 2016 Plan. Total compensation cost for stock-based awards was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cintas accounts for forfeitures of stock-based awards as they occur. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of income for share-based compensation arrangements was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options are granted at the fair market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. The option terms are determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, but no stock option may be exercised later than years after the date of the grant. The option awards generally have terms with graded vesting in years through based on continuous service during that period. The majority of stock option grants occur in the first quarter of each fiscal year in connection with the annual grant, which is earned in the prior fiscal year. Cintas recognizes compensation expense for these options using the straight-line recognition method over the vesting period. 
 
 56 

Dividend yield Expected volatility of Cintas' common stock Expected life of the option in years 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. government issues with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the stock options. The determination of expected volatility is based on historical volatility of Cintas' common stock over the period commensurate with the expected term of stock options, as well as other relevant factors. The weighted average expected term was determined based on the historical employee exercise behavior of the options. The weighted-average fair value of stock options granted during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , and , respectively. 
 
 shares exercisable) 
 Granted Canceled ) Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding, May 31, 2021 shares exercisable) 
 Granted Canceled ) Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding, May 31, 2022 shares exercisable) 
 Granted Canceled ) Forfeited ) Exercised ) Outstanding, May 31, 2023 shares exercisable) 

The intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total cash received from employees as a result of employee stock option exercises for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The fair value of stock options vested was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 57 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

At May 31, 2023, the aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and exercisable was million and million, respectively. The weighted-average remaining contractual term of stock options exercisable is years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Restricted stock awards consist of Cintas' common stock that is subject to such conditions, restrictions and limitations as the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors determines to be appropriate. The vesting period is generally after the grant date. The recipient of restricted stock awards will have all rights of a shareholder of Cintas, including the right to vote and the right to receive cash dividends during the vesting period. Cintas recognizes compensation expense for these restricted stock awards using the straight-line recognition method over the vesting period. 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding, unvested grants at May 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding, unvested grants at May 31, 2022 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding, unvested grants at May 31, 2023 
 
 The remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options and restricted stock at May 31, 2023 was million. The weighted-average period of time over which this cost will be recognized is years. 
 
 58 

Note 12. 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) Balance at May 31, 2022 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance at May 31, 2023 ) ) 
 
 Interest expense Tax expense ) ) Income taxes Amortization of interest rate locks, net of tax 

59 

Note 13. 
 
 Gross margin Selling and administrative expenses Interest expense, net Income before income taxes ) Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures Total assets May 31, 2022 Revenue Gross margin Selling and administrative expenses Interest expense, net Income before income taxes ) Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures Total assets May 31, 2021 Revenue Gross margin Selling and administrative expenses Interest expense, net Income before income taxes ) Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures Total assets 
 (1) Corporate assets represent the consolidated cash balance in all periods presented. 
 
 60 

Note 14 - 
 
 61 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with 
 Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 With the participation of Cintas' management, including Cintas' President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Controllers, Cintas has evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) as of May 31, 2023. Based on such evaluation, Cintas' management, including Cintas' President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Controllers, have concluded that Cintas' disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of May 31, 2023, in ensuring (i) information required to be disclosed by Cintas in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (ii) information required to be disclosed by Cintas in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Cintas' management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein. 
 There were no changes in Cintas' internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended May 31, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Cintas' internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding 
 Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 62 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material contained in Cintas' definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year (the Proxy Statement). 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial 
 Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material contained in the Proxy Statement, except that the information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K can be found below. 
 
 The following table provides information about Cintas' common stock that may be issued under Cintas' equity compensation plans as of May 31, 2023. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of 
 shares to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding options (1) 
 Weighted 
 average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding options (1) 
 Number of shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 4,427,752 278.01 5,412,885 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders Total 4,427,752 278.01 5,412,885 
 
 (1) Excludes 686,630 unvested restricted stock units. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and 
 Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 63 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements. All financial statements required to be filed by Item 8 of Form 10-K and included in this Annual Report are listed in Item 8. No additional financial statements are filed because the requirements of paragraph (c) under Item 15 are not applicable to Cintas. (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedule: For each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2023. 
 Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves. 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or not required, or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 (a) (3) Exhibits. All documents referenced below were filed pursuant to the Exchange Act by Cintas Corporation, file number 000-11399, unless otherwise noted. Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Cintas' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2022). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2018). 
 4.1 
 Indenture dated as of May 28, 2002, among Cintas Corporation No. 2, as issuer, Cintas Corporation, as parent guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors thereto and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2002). 
 4.2 
 Form of 6.15 Senior Note due 2036 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2006). 
 4.3 
 Form of 3.700 Senior Notes due 2027 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2017). 
 4.4 
 Form of 3.450 Senior Notes due 2025 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K Filed May 3, 2022) 
 4.5 
 Form of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2032 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K Filed May 3, 2022) 
 4.6 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2019). 
 10.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2022, among Cintas Corp No. 2, the Lenders party thereto and KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2022). 
 10.2 
 Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2017, among G K Services, Inc. and the Note holders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2017). 
 10.3 Partners' Plan (Incorporated by reference to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 1993). 10.4 
 First Amendment to Partners' Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Cintas' Registration Statement No. 33-56623 on Form S-8 filed on November 28, 1994). 
 10.5 
 Second Amendment to Partners' Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Cintas' Registration Statement No. 33-56623 on Form S-8 filed on November 28, 1994). 
 10.6 
 Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Cintas' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2000). 
 
 64 

10.7 
 Form of agreement signed by Officers, General/Branch Managers, Professionals and Key Managers, including Executive Officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Cintas' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 28, 2005). 
 10.8 
 President and CEO Executive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2005). 
 10.9 
 2006 Executive Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2005). 
 10.10 
 2005 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Cintas' Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on September 1, 2005). 
 10.11 
 Criteria for Performance Evaluation of the President and CEO (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2006). 
 10.12 
 2007 Executive Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2006). 
 10.13 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2005 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2011). 
 10.14 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2011). 
 10.15 
 Amendment No. 2 to Cintas Corporation 2005 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2012). 
 10.16 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2012). 
 10.17 
 Amendment No. 3 to Cintas Corporation 2005 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2013). 
 10.18 
 Amendment No. 4 to Cintas Corporation 2005 Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22, 2014). 
 10.19 
 Cintas Corporation Management Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 23, 2013). 
 10.20 
 Cintas Corporation 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Cintas' Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2016). 
 10.21 
 Amendment No. 1 to Cintas Corporation 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Cintas' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 30, 2017). 
 10.22 
 Amendment No. 2 to Cintas Corporation 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Cintas' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2022). 
 10.23 
 Amendment No. 3 to Cintas Corporation 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to Cintas' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2022). 
 14 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2004). 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 22 
 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities and Affiliates Whose Securities Collateralize Securities of the Registrant. 
 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 65 

101 The following financial statements from Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 104 The cover page from Cintas' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 

Management compensatory contracts 
 
 Filed herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 66 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CINTAS CORPORATION 
 By: /s/ Todd M. Schneider Todd M. Schneider 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

DATE SIGNED: July 27, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Capacity Date /s/ Todd M. Schneider 
 Todd M. Schneider 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) July 27, 2023 /s/ Scott D. Farmer 
 Scott D. Farmer 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors July 27, 2023 /s/ Ronald W. Tysoe 
 Ronald W. Tysoe 
 Director July 27, 2023 /s/ John F. Barrett 
 John F. Barrett 
 Director July 27, 2023 /s/ Karen L. Carnahan 
 Karen L. Carnahan 
 Director July 27, 2023 /s/ Martin Mucci 
 Martin Mucci 
 Director July 27, 2023 /s/ J. Michael Hansen 
 J. Michael Hansen 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) July 27, 2023 
 
 67 

Cintas Corporation 
 May 31, 2022 
 May 31, 2023 

(1) Represents amounts charged to expense to increase reserve for estimated future bad debts. 
 
 (2) Represents reductions in the consolidated balance sheet reserve due to the actual write-off of non-collectible accounts receivable. These amounts do not impact Cintas' consolidated statements of income. 
 
 million of incremental allowance for doubtful accounts recorded as of May 31, 2020 in response to uncertainties related to customer collections impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Certain of the corresponding trade receivables were collected during fiscal 2021, and the incremental reserve was reversed as the Company's estimates and assumptions related to the impact of COVID-19 changed during fiscal 2021. 

68 

<EX-21>
 2
 a21-subsidiaries2023.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries NAME STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION Cintas Corporation No. 3 Nevada Cintas Corporation No. 2 Nevada Cintas Corporate Services, Inc. Ohio The Millennium Mat Company, LLC Ohio Grupo Cintas de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Cintas Cleanroom Resources de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Cintas Service Transportation LLC Ohio Cintas Distribution LLC Ohio CDS Equipment Holdings, LLC Ohio Cintas de Honduras, S.A. Honduras Empresa Cintas de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Ensambles de Coahuila, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Cintas Manufacturing LLC Ohio Cintas Holdings LLC Ohio Cintas Canada Limited Ontario, Canada Zee Medical Distributors LLC Ohio G&K Services, LLC Minnesota Leef Bros., LLC South Dakota 912501 Ontario Inc. Canada G&K Services Co., LLC Minnesota Grand Rapids Coat & Apron Service, LLC Michigan Rental Uniform Service of Somerset, KY, LLC Kentucky Alltex Uniform Rental Service, LLC New Hampshire G&K Services Holdings, LLC Minnesota 3305236 Nova Scotia Company Canada CC Switzerland GmbH Switzerland CC Singapore PTE. LTD Singapore Cintas Cares Foundation Ohio 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 3
 a22-subsidiaryguarantorsfy.htm
 EX-22

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 The following entities are included in the Obligor Group, as defined in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cintas Corporation to which this document is being filed as an exhibit, including Cintas Corporation, as the parent and Cintas Corporation No. 2 as the issuer, and the subsidiary guarantors that have guaranteed the obligations under the the 3.11 senior notes due 2025, the 3.45 senior notes due 2025, the 3.70 senior notes due 2027, the 4.00 senior notes due 2032 and the 6.15 senior notes due 2036 issued by Cintas Corporation No. 2. 
 Exact Name of Issuer or Guarantor (1) 
 Reported as Issuer or Guarantor State of Incorporation or Organization IRS Employer Identification Number Cintas Corporation (2) 
 Washington 31-1188630 Cintas Corporation No. 2 Issuer Nevada 31-1703809 Cintas Corporation No. 3 (3) 
 Nevada 88-0337154 Cintas Corporate Services, Inc. (3) 
 Ohio 20-4877572 
 (1) The address and phone number of the issuer, parent guarantor and each guarantor subsidiary is 6800 Cintas Blvd., P.O. Box 625737, Cincinnati, OH 45262-5737, (513) 459-1200. 
 (2) The entity is included as a parent guarantor as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 (3) The entity is included as a guarantor subsidiary as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 4
 a23-consentofey2023.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-121459) pertaining to the Cintas Partners' Plan, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-131375) pertaining to the 2005 Equity Compensation Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-216147) pertaining to the 2016 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-240362) 
 
 of our reports dated July 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Cintas Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Cintas Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Cintas Corporation for the year ended May 31, 2023. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 July 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ctas10k2023ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) 
 I, Todd M. Schneider, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cintas Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date July 27, 2023 
 s Todd M. Schneider 
 Todd M. Schneider 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ctas10k2023ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) 
 I, J. Michael Hansen, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cintas Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date July 27, 2023 
 s J. Michael Hansen J. Michael Hansen Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ctas10k2023ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Report of Cintas Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending May 31, 2023 (the Report ), I, Todd M. Schneider, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company as of and for the periods presented. 
 s Todd M. Schneider 
 Todd M. Schneider 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 July 27, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ctas10k2023ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Report of Cintas Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending May 31, 2023 (the Report ), I, J. Michael Hansen, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company as of and for the periods presented. 
 s J. Michael Hansen 
 J. Michael Hansen 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 July 27, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ctas-20230531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ctas-20230531_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ctas-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ctas-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ctas-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

