<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230929_10-K_edgar_data_1422892_0001213900-23-080673.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8541663</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249226</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1762829</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1950921</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2223508</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2136000</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-080673.hdr.sgml : 20230929
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928205650
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-080673
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230929
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Singularity Future Technology Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001422892
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		IRS NUMBER:				261241372
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34024
		FILM NUMBER:		231291498

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		98 CUTTER MILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 322
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718-888-1814

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		98 CUTTER MILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 322
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-080673.txt : 20230929

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_singularity.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
Yes 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2023, the last business day of
the registrant s fiscal 2023, was approximately . 

The
number of shares of common stock outstanding as of September 25, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

None. 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD. 

FORM 10-K 

INDEX 

Introduction 
 
 ii 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 iii 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 25 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 25 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 26 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation 
 
 26 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 34 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 34 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 35 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 35 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 36 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 40 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 42 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 43 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 44 
 
 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 45 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 46 

i 

INTRODUCTION 

Unless the context otherwise
requires, in this annual report on Form 10-K (this Report ): 

We, 
 us, our, and our Company refer to Singularity Future Technology Ltd., a Virginia company incorporated
in September 2007, and all of its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries; 

Singularity 
refers to Singularity Future Technology, Ltd; 

Sino-China 
refers to Sino-Global Shipping Agency Ltd., a Chinese legal entity; 

PRC 
refers to the People s Republic of China, excluding Taiwan for the purpose of this Report; 

US 
or U.S. refers to the United States of America; 

RMB 
or Renminbi refers to the legal currency of China, and or U.S. dollars refers to the legal
currency of the United States. 

Names of certain PRC companies
provided in this Report are translated or transliterated from their original PRC legal names. Discrepancies, if any, in any table between
the amounts identified as total amounts and the sum of the amounts listed therein are due to rounding. On July 7, 2020, the Company effected
a l-for-5 reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The split did not change the number of authorized
shares of common stock or preferred stock, or the par value of common stock or preferred stock. As a result, all the issued and outstanding
common stock share amounts included in this report have been retroactively reduced by a factor of five, and all common stock per share
amounts have been increased by a factor of five. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Report contains certain
statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements regarding our projected growth, trends and strategies, future
operating and financial results, financial expectations and current business indicators are based upon current information and expectations
and are subject to change based on factors beyond our control. Forward-looking statements typically are identified by the use of terms
such as look, may, will, should, might, believe, plan, 
 expect, anticipate, estimate and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are
expressed differently. The accuracy of such statements may be impacted by a number of business risks and uncertainties we face that could
cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, including but not limited to the following: 

our ability to timely and properly deliver our services; 

our dependence on a limited number of major customers and
suppliers; 

current and future political and economic factors
 in the United States and China and the relationship between the two countries; 
 
 the Chinese government exerts substantial influence
 over the manner in which we conduct our business activities in the PRC and may intervene or influence our operations at any time with
 little advance notice, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock 

unanticipated changes in general market conditions or other factors which may result in cancellations or reductions in the need for our services; 

demand
for warehouse, shipping and logistics services; 

foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

possible
disruptions in commercial activities caused by events such as natural disasters, health epidemics, terrorist activity and armed conflict; 

our
ability to identify and successfully execute cost control initiatives; 

the
impact of quotas, tariffs or safeguards on our customer s products; 

our
ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified management team members and skilled personnel; 

relevant governmental policies and regulations relating to our businesses; 

developments in, or changes to, laws, regulations, governmental policies, incentives and taxation affecting our operations; 

our reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents or business partners; and 

the outcome of litigation or investigations in which we are involved is unpredictable, and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity. 

Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation
to update the forward-looking statements. Nonetheless, the Company may make such updates from time to time by press release, periodic
report or other method of public disclosure without the need for specific reference to this Report. No such update shall be deemed to
indicate that other statements not addressed by such update remain correct or create an obligation to provide any other updates. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We
are a global logistics integrated solution provider that was founded in the United States in 2001. On September 18, 2007, the Company
merged into a new corporation, Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. in Virginia. On January 3, 2022, the Company changed its corporate name
to Singularity Future Technology Ltd. to reflect its expanded operations into the digital assets business. Currently, we primarily focus
on providing freight logistics services, which mainly include shipping, warehouse services and other logistical support to steel companies
.. 

In 2017, we began exploring
new opportunities to expand our business and generate more revenue. These opportunities ranged from complementary businesses to other
new service and product initiatives. In the fiscal year 2022, while we continued to provide our traditional freight logistics business,
we expanded our services to include warehousing services provided by our U.S. subsidiary Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. 

We are currently engaged in
providing freight logistics services including warehouse services, which are operated by our subsidiaries Trans Pacific Shipping Limited
and Ningbo Saimeinuo Web Technology Ltd. in China and Gorgeous Trading Ltd. and Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc in the United States.
Our range of services include transportation, warehouse, collection, last-mile delivery, drop shipping, customs clearance, and overseas
transit delivery. 

As a holding company with
no material operations, conduct substantially all of our operations through subsidiaries established in the United States, the People s
Republic of China, or the PRC or China and Hong Kong. However, neither the holding company nor any of the Company s Chinese subsidiaries
conduct any operations through contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity based in China. Investors in our common stock
should be aware that they may never directly hold equity interests in the PRC operating entities, but rather equity interests solely
in Singularity, our Virginia holding company. Furthermore, shareholders may face difficulties enforcing their legal rights under United
States securities laws against our directors and officers who are located outside of the United States. 

The diagram below shows our
corporate structure as of the date of this report. 

Unless otherwise indicated in the diagram, all the subsidiaries of the Company are wholly owned. 

1 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company s subsidiaries were as follows: 

Name 

Background 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping New York Inc. SGS NY 

A New York Corporation 
Incorporated on May 03, 2013 
Primarily engaged in freight logistics services 
 
 100 owned by the Company 

Sino-Global Shipping HK Ltd. SGS HK 

A Hong Kong Corporation 
 Incorporated on September 22, 2008 
 No material operations 
 
 100 owned by the Company 

Thor Miner Inc. Thor Miner 

A Delaware Corporation 
 Incorporated on October 13, 2021 
 Primarily engaged in sales of crypto mining machines 
 
 51 owned by the Company 

Trans Pacific Shipping Ltd. Trans Pacific Beijing 

A PRC limited liability company 
 Incorporated on November 13, 2007. 
 Primarily engaged in freight logistics services 
 
 100 owned the Company 

Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. Trans Pacific Shanghai 

A PRC limited liability company 
 Incorporated on May 31, 2009 
Primarily engaged in freight logistics services 
 
 90 owned by Trans Pacific Beijing 

Ningbo Saimeinuo Web Technology Ltd. SGS Ningbo 

A PRC limited liability company 
 Incorporated on September 11,2017 
 Primarily engaged in freight logistics services 
 
 100 owned by SGS NY 

Blumargo IT Solution Ltd. Blumargo 

A New York Corporation 
 Incorporated on December 14, 2020 
 No material operations 
 
 100 owned by SGS NY 

Gorgeous Trading Ltd Gorgeous Trading 

A Texas Corporation 
Incorporated on July 01, 2021 
 Primarily engaged in warehouse related services 
 
 100 owned by SGS NY 

Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. Brilliant Warehouse 

A Texas Corporation 
Incorporated on April 19,2021 
Primarily engaged in warehouse house related services 
 
 51 owned by SGS NY 

Phi Electric Motor In. Phi 

A New York Corporation 
 Incorporated on August 30, 2021 
 No operations 
 
 51 owned by SGS NY 

SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc( SGSR 

A New York Corporation 
Incorporated on September 29, 2021 
 No material operations 
 
 100 owned by the Company 

SG Link LLC SG Link 

A New York Corporation 
 Incorporated on December 23, 2021 
No operations 
 
 100 owned by SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc on January 25, 2022 

2 

Our
equity structure is a direct holding structure. Within our direct holding structure, the cross-border transfer of funds within our corporate
entities is legal and compliant with the laws and regulations of the PRC. After the foreign investors funds enter Singularity,
the funds can be directly transferred to the PRC operating companies through its subsidiaries. Specifically, Singularity is permitted
under the Virginia laws to provide funding to our subsidiaries in the PRC and Hong Kong through loans or capital contributions without
restrictions on the amount of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval and filing requirements.
Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Company only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined
in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. As of the date hereof, there have not been any transfers, dividends
or distributions made between the holding company, its subsidiaries, and to investors. Furthermore, as of the date hereof, no cash generated
from one subsidiary is used to fund another subsidiary s operations and we do not anticipate any difficulties or limitations on
our ability to transfer cash between subsidiaries. We have also not installed any cash management policies that dictate the amount of
such funds and how such funds are transferred. For the foreseeable future, we intend to use the earnings for our business operations
and as a result, we do not intend to distribute earnings or pay any cash dividends. 

To address persistent capital
outflows and the RMB s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2016, the People s Bank of China and
the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, have implemented a series of capital control measures in the subsequent months,
including stricter vetting procedures for China-based companies to remit foreign currency for overseas acquisitions, dividend payments
and shareholder loan repayments. The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls and our PRC subsidiaries dividends
and other distributions may be subject to tightened scrutiny in the future. The PRC government also imposes controls on the conversion
of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing
the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore,
if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to
pay dividends or make other payments. 

In addition, the Enterprise
Income Tax Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax at a rate of 10 will be applicable to dividends payable by
Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless reduced under treaties or arrangements between the PRC central government and
the governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises are tax resident. Pursuant to the tax agreement between
Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the withholding tax rate in respect to the payment of dividends by a PRC
enterprise to a Hong Kong enterprise may be reduced to 5 from a standard rate of 10 . However, if the relevant tax authorities determine
that our transactions or arrangements are for the primary purpose of enjoying a favorable tax treatment, the relevant tax authorities
may adjust the favorable withholding tax in the future. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the reduced 5 withholding rate will apply
to dividends received by our Hong Kong subsidiary from our PRC subsidiaries. This withholding tax will reduce the amount of dividends
we may receive from our PRC subsidiaries. 

Because a significant part
of our operations are located in the PRC through our subsidiaries, we are subject to certain legal and operational risks associated with
our operations in China, including changes in the legal, political and economic policies of the Chinese government, the relations between
China and the U.S, or Chinese or U.S regulations may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and therefore, these
risks may result in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock, or could significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline
or be worthless. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations
in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over
China-based companies listed overseas using a variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity
reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. 

3 

We
believe that we will not be subject to cybersecurity review with
the Cyberspace Administration of China, or the CAC, , since we currently do not have over one million users personal
information and do not anticipate that we will be collecting over one million users personal information in the foreseeable future,
which we understand might otherwise subject us to the Cybersecurity Review Measures. We do not believe that our subsidiaries are
directly subject to these regulatory actions or statements, as we have not implemented any monopolistic behavior and our business does
not involve the collection of user data or implicate cybersecurity. As of the date hereof, no relevant laws or regulations in the PRC
explicitly require us to seek approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, or any other PRC governmental authorities
for future offerings, nor has our Virginia holding company or any of our subsidiaries received any inquiry, notice, warning or sanctions
regarding previous offerings from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental authorities. However, on February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated
Trial Administrative Measures of the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Overseas Listing Trial
Measures and five relevant guidelines, which became effective on March 31, 2023. According to the Overseas Listing Trial
Measures, PRC domestic companies that seek to offer and list securities in overseas markets, either in direct or indirect means, are required
to fulfill the filing procedure with the CSRC and report relevant information. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures provides that an overseas
listing or offering is explicitly prohibited, if any of the following: (1) such securities offering and listing is explicitly prohibited
by provisions in laws, administrative regulations and relevant state rules; (2) the intended securities offering and listing may endanger
national security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council in accordance with law; (3) the domestic
company intending to make the securities offering and listing, or its controlling shareholder(s) and the actual controller, have committed
relevant crimes such as corruption, bribery, embezzlement, misappropriation of property or undermining the order of the socialist market
economy during the latest three years; (4) the domestic company intending to make the securities offering and listing is currently under
investigations for suspicion of criminal offenses or major violations of laws and regulations, and no conclusion has yet been made thereof;
or (5) there are material ownership disputes over equity held by the domestic company s controlling shareholder(s) or by other shareholder(s)
that are controlled by the controlling shareholder(s) and/or actual controller. 

The Overseas Listing Trial
Measures also provide that if the issuer meets both the following criteria, the overseas securities offering and listing conducted by
such issuer will be deemed as indirect overseas offering by PRC domestic companies: (1) 50 or more of any of the issuer s operating
revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent fiscal
year is accounted for by domestic companies; and (2) the issuer s main business activities are conducted in China, or its main place(s)
of business are located in China, or the majority of senior management staff in charge of its business operations and management are PRC
citizens or have their usual place(s) of residence located in China. Where an issuer submits an application for initial public offering
to competent overseas regulators, such issuer must file with the CSRC within three business days after such application is submitted.
In addition, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures provide that the direct or indirect overseas listings of the assets of domestic companies
through one or more acquisitions, share swaps, transfers or other transaction arrangements shall be subject to filing procedures in accordance
with the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures also requires subsequent reports to be filed with the CSRC
on material events, such as change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who have completed overseas offerings
and listings. 

At a press conference held
for these new regulations Press Conference ), officials from the CSRC clarified that the domestic companies that have already
been listed overseas on or before March 31, 2023 shall be deemed as existing issuers (the Existing Issuers ). Existing Issuers
are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately, and they shall be required to file with the CSRC upon occurrences of
certain subsequent matters such as follow-on offerings of securities. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and the Press Conference,
the existing domestic companies that have completed overseas offering and listing before March 31, 2023, such as us, will not be required
to perform filing procedures for the completed overseas securities issuance and listing. However, from the effective date of the regulation,
any of our subsequent securities offering in the same overseas market or subsequent securities offering and listing in other overseas
markets shall be subject to the filing requirement with the CSRC within three working days after the offering is completed or after the
relevant application is submitted to the relevant overseas authorities, respectively. If it is determined that any approval, filing or
other administrative procedures from other PRC governmental authorities is required for any future offering or listing, we cannot assure
you that we can obtain the required approval or accomplish the required filings or other regulatory procedures in a timely manner, or
at all. If we fail to fulfill filing procedure as stipulated by the Trial Measures or offer and list securities in an overseas market
in violation of the Trial Measures, the CSRC may order rectification, issue warnings to us, and impose a fine of between RMB1,000,000
and RMB10,000,000. Persons-in-charge and other persons that are directly liable for such failure shall be warned and each imposed a fine
from RMB500,000 to RMB5,000,000. Controlling shareholders and actual controlling persons of us that organize or instruct such violations
shall be imposed a fine from RMB1,000,000 and RMB10,000,000. 

4 

On February 24, 2023, the
CSRC published the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities Offering
and Listing by Domestic Enterprises (the Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration ), which came into effect
on March 31, 2023. The Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration requires that, in the process of overseas issuance and
listing of securities by domestic entities, the domestic entities, and securities companies and securities service institutions that provide
relevant securities service shall strictly implement the provisions of relevant laws and regulations and the requirements of these provisions,
establish and improve rules on confidentiality and archives administration. Where the domestic entities provide or publicly disclose documents,
materials or other items related to the state secrets and government work secrets to the relevant securities companies, securities service
institutions, overseas regulatory authorities, or other entities or individuals, the companies shall apply for approval of competent departments
with the authority of examination and approval in accordance with law and report the matter to the secrecy administrative departments
at the same level for record filing. Where there is unclear or controversial whether or not the concerned materials are related to state
secrets, the materials shall be reported to the relevant secrecy administrative departments for determination. However, there remain uncertainties
regarding the further interpretation and implementation of the Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration. 

As of the date of this report,
our PRC subsidiaries have obtained the requisite licenses and permits from the PRC government authorities that are material for the business
operations of our PRC subsidiaries. In addition, as of the date of this annual report, we and our PRC subsidiaries are not required
to obtain approval or permission from the CSRC or the CAC or any other entity that is required to approve our PRC subsidiaries 
operations or required for us to offer securities to foreign investors under any currently effective PRC laws, regulations, and regulatory
rules. If it is determined that we are subject to filing requirements imposed by the CSRC under the Overseas Listing Regulations
or approvals from other PRC regulatory authorities or other procedures, including the cybersecurity review under the revised Cybersecurity
Review Measures, for our future offshore offerings, it would be uncertain whether we can or how long it will take us to complete such
procedures or obtain such approval and any such approval could be rescinded. Any failure to obtain or delay in completing such procedures
or obtaining such approval for our offshore offerings, or a rescission of any such approval if obtained by us, would subject us to sanctions
by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities for failure to file with the CSRC or failure to seek approval from other government authorization
for our offshore offerings. These regulatory authorities may impose fines and penalties on our operations in China, limit our ability
to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operating privileges in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from our
offshore offerings into China or take other actions that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stock. The CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities also may
take actions requiring us, or making it advisable for us, to halt our offshore offerings before settlement and delivery of the securities
offered. Consequently, if investors engage in market trading or other activities in anticipation of and prior to settlement and delivery,
they do so at the risk that settlement and delivery may not occur. In addition, if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate
new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals or accomplish the required filing or other regulatory procedures for
our prior offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain a waiver of such approval requirements, if and when procedures are established
to obtain such a waiver. Any uncertainties or negative publicity regarding such approval requirement could materially and adversely affect
our business, prospects, financial condition, reputation, and the trading price of our common stock. 

Since these statements and
regulatory actions by the PRC government are newly published and official guidance and related implementation rules have not been issued,
it is uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations
or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new
laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list on an U.S. or other
foreign exchange. The Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, or the SCNPC, or other PRC regulatory authorities may
in the future promulgate laws, regulations or implementing rules that requires our company or any of our subsidiaries to obtain regulatory
approval from Chinese authorities before future offerings in the U.S. In other words, although the Company is currently not required to
obtain permission from any of the PRC federal or local government to obtain such permission and has not received any denial to list on
the U.S. exchange, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly; our ability to offer, or continue to offer, securities
to investors would be potentially hindered and the value of our securities might significantly decline or be worthless, by existing or
future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry or by intervene or interruption by PRC governmental authorities, if we
or our subsidiaries (i) do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently conclude that such permissions or
approvals are not required, (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions
or approvals in the future, or (iv) any intervention or interruption by PRC governmental with little advance notice. 

Please
see Risk Factors beginning on page 19 of this annual report for additional information. 

5 

Holding Foreign Company Accountable Act 

Our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA ), if the
PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation located in China, or investigate our auditor. Furthermore, on June 22,
2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was signed into law, and amends
the HFCAA and requires the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor
is not subject to Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of
three. Our auditor, Audit Alliance LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that
issues the audit report included elsewhere in this annual report, is headquartered in Singapore and is registered with the
PCAOB, and was not included in the list of PCAOB Identified Firms in the PCAOB Determination
Report issued in December 2021. On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed
the Protocol with the CSRC and the MOF of the People s Republic of China, governing inspections and investigations of audit
firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished and is subject to further explanation and
implementation. Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent
discretion to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and the unfettered ability to transfer information to the
SEC. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate
PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong completely in 2022. The PCAOB Board vacated
its previous 2021 determinations that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct
inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and
depends on a number of factors out of our, and our auditor s control. The PCAOB is continuing to demand complete access in
China mainland and Hong Kong moving forward and is already making plans to resume regular inspections in early 2023 and beyond, as
well as to continue pursuing ongoing investigations and initiate new investigations as needed. The PCAOB has indicated that it will
act immediately to consider the need to issue new determinations with the HFCAA if needed. Therefore, the PCAOB in the future may
determine that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong.
Our auditor s working papers related to us and our subsidiaries are located in China. If our auditor is not permitted to
provide requested audit work papers located in China to the PCAOB, investors would be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB s
oversight of our auditor through such inspections which could result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital
markets and trading of our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA, which would result in the delisting of our securities from
the Nasdaq. See Risk Factors - Our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq under the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation located in China. The delisting of our common
stock, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your
investment . 

Recent Developments 

Since the publication of the
Hindenburg Report (as defined below), we have devoted substantial resources and efforts in connection with the investigations by a special
committee of our Board of Directors and by U.S. governmental authorities and with respect to the defense of lawsuits and the settlement
of lawsuits and claims, which are fully described below. As a result, our business operations have been materially and adversely impacted,
including suspension of our business development in North America. We are currently exploring new business opportunities while continuing
to provide freight logistics services, which include shipping and warehouse services. 

6 

Special Committee Investigation 

On May 5, 2022, an entity
named Hindenburg Research issued a report (the Hindenburg Report regarding the Company alleging, among other things, that
the Company s then Chief Executive Officer, Yang Jie, was a fugitive on the run from Chinese authorities for running an alleged
 300 million Ponzi scheme that lured in over 20,000 victims. The report also raised questions regarding the Company s joint venture
to produce crypto mining equipment announced in October 2021, as well as a 200 million order purportedly received by the joint venture
in January 2022. Further, the report was critical of the Company s April 2022 announcement of a 250 million partnership with an
entity named Golden Mainland Inc. On May 6, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board formed a special committee
of the Board (the Special Committee to investigate claims of alleged fraud, misrepresentation, and inadequate disclosure
related to the Company and certain of its management personnel raised in the Hindenburg Report and other related matters. The Special
Committee then retained Blank Rome LLP to serve as independent legal counsel and advise the Committee on the investigation. The Special
Committee completed the fact-finding portion of its investigation prior to December 31, 2022. The Special Committee s preliminary
findings corroborated certain of the allegations made in the Hindenburg Report and the investigation resulted in the termination and resignation
of certain executive officers and directors of the Company, including but not limited to, the following: 

On August 9, 2022, Mr. Yang
Jie tendered his resignation from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company to the Board, following the Board s
decision on August 8, 2022, which adopted the Special Committee s recommendation that Mr. Jie be suspended immediately, pending
the Special Committee s further investigation into allegations raised in the Hindenburg Report and other related matters. 

On August 16, 2022, attorneys
from Blank Rome LLP, counsel for the Special Committee, held a conference call with staff members of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ), during which counsel represented that Yang Jie had provided documentation to the SEC that indicated that the charges
against him in China had been dropped, but the Special Committee s investigation raised questions regarding the authenticity of
such documents. The Special Committee concluded at that time that Mr. Jie was in fact issued a Red Notice in China. In terms
of remediating this issue, after being suspended by the Special Committee on August 8, 2022, Mr. Yang Jie resigned from his positions
as Chief Executive Officer and as a director of the Company on August 9, 2022. 

In December 2022, the Company
entered into cancellation agreement and a letter confirming the rescission of the grant of the shares with each of Yang Jie and Ms. Jing
Shan, our former Chief Operating Officer, pursuant to which Mr. Jie and Ms. Shan agreed to return 300,000 shares and 100,000 shares of
our Common Stock, respectively, to the Company for cancellation at no cost. Such shares were previously issued to each of them for their
services as officers of the Company. The shares were cancelled as of March 31, 2023. 

On February 10, 2023, in response
to two, now-settled, lawsuits filed by private investors, Mr. Jie filed a motion to dismiss the private investors suits and provided
a copy of a formal legal opinion issued by the Zhonglun W D Law Firm, PRC. The Zhonglun W D legal opinion concluded that Mr. Jie
was not charged with a crime in China, the investigation and underlying case had indeed been closed, and Mr. Jie was not formally treated
as a criminal suspect in the PRC. In order to provide more clarity to the issues raised, the Company engaged Hebei Mei Dong Law Firm,
of Shijiazhuang City, PRC to further investigate the authenticity of the documentation provided by Mr. Jie to the SEC and whether a Red
Notice had been issued. On June 12, 2023, the Hebei Mei Dong Law Firm issued a report to the Company with respect to these issues.
In their report, the Company s Chinese counsel concluded after conferring with local officials, that the investigation of Mr. Jie
conducted by the Baohe District Police Bureau of Hefei City, PRC was completed, that Mr. Jie was never prosecuted and there was no criminal
judgment against Mr. Jie as of the date of such report. The Chinese counsel also confirmed that no Red Notice was issued
for Mr. Jie in the PRC. 

7 

On February 23, 2023, the
Board approved the dissolution of the Special Committee upon conclusion of the committee s investigation. 

On July 3, 2023, the Company
entered into a Settlement and Release Agreement with Mr. Jie which fully resolved his claims against the Company. 

Executive Changes 

On June 16, 2022, Ms.
Tuo Pan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, without proper authorization by the Board, directed that funds be wired to satisfy
an invoice for legal services that were rendered or to be rendered on her behalf. Ms. Pan was suspended by the Board for cause and
without pay effective June 20, 2022. On August 31, 2022, Ms. Tuo Pan was terminated for cause as an employee of the Company and its
subsidiaries and ceased to receive any salary or benefits from the Company since that date. 

On January 9, 2023, the Company
entered into an Executive Separation Agreement and General Release (the Separation Agreement ), with Lei Cao, an employee
of the Company and a member of the Board, setting forth the terms and conditions related to the termination of Mr. Cao s employment
with the Company and the termination of the employment agreement dated as of November 1, 2021 as well as cancellation and/or termination
of certain other agreements relating to Mr. Cao s employment with the Company. The Separation Agreement also provided for Mr. Cao s
resignation from the Board, effective as of January 9, 2023. 

Pursuant to the Separation
Agreement, Mr. Cao submitted a letter of resignation from the Board on January 9, 2023. In addition, he agreed to forfeit and return to
the Company the 600,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company granted to him in August 2021 under the terms of the 2014 Equity Incentive
Plan of the Company (the 2021 Shares ). Mr. Cao also agreed to cooperate with the Company regarding certain investigations
and proceedings and other matters arising out of or related to his relationship with or service to the Company. In consideration, the
Company agreed to provide the following benefits to which Mr. Cao was not otherwise entitled: (1) payment of reasonable attorneys 
fees and costs incurred by Mr. Cao through January 9, 2023 associated with Mr. Cao s personal legal representation in matters relating
to Mr. Cao s tenure with the Company, the investigations and proceedings and the negotiation and drafting of the Separation Agreement;
(2) the release of claims in Mr. Cao s favor contained in the Separation Agreement; and (3) payment of Mr. Cao s reasonable
and necessary legal fees to the extent incurred by Mr. Cao as a result of his cooperation as required by the Company under the terms of
the Separation Agreement. Additionally, the Separation Agreement contains mutual general releases and waiver of claims from Mr. Cao and
the Company. 

On January 17, 2023, Messrs.
John Levy and Heng Wang were appointed as non-executive chairman and vice chairman of the Board, respectively. 

On February 23, 2023, Mr.
Levy resigned as a director and member of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee of the Board, effective
immediately. On March 30, 2023, Mr. Wang was appointed as non-executive Chairman of the Board to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Levy s
resignation. 

On April 18, 2023, the Company
entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Ziyuan Liu and appointed him as the chief executive officer of the Company, effective immediately,
with a term of one year. 

On May 1, 2023, the Company
entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Dianjiang Wang and appointed him as the chief financial officer of the Company, effective
immediately, with a term of one year. 

8 

On May 1, 2023, pursuant to
the bylaws of the Company, our Board elected (i) Mr. Ziyuan Liu as a Class I director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders
for the fiscal year 2022, to fill the vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation of Mr. Jie, (ii) Mr. Haotian Song as a Class
II director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders for the fiscal year 2023, to fill the vacancy on the Board resulting from
the resignation of Mr. Cao, and (iii) Ms. Ling Jiang as a Class III independent director, Chairwoman of the Compensation Committee, a
member of the Audit Committee, and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to serve until the annual meeting of
stockholders for the fiscal year 2024, to fill the vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation of Mr. Levy. 

On May 2, 2023, the Board
elected Mr. Ziyuan Liu as the new chairman of the Board. 

On July 3, 2023, Mr. Tieliang
Liu resigned as a director the Company and a member of the Compensation Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. 

On July 10, 2023, Company
terminated the employment of its Chief Operating Officer, Jing Shan, with cause. The termination was effective immediately. 

On July 31, 2023, the
Company elected Mr. Zhongliang Xie as a Class II independent director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders for the
fiscal year 2023, to fill the vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation of Mr. Tieliang Liu. The Board appointed Mr. Xie
to serve as Chair of the Audit Committee, a member of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. 

On September 21, 2023, Mr. Heng Wang resigned
as a director of the Company and a member of the Compensation Committee, the Audit Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee. 

On September
25, 2023, the Company elected Mr. Xu Zhao as a Class I independent director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders for the
fiscal year 2022, to fill the vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation of Mr. Heng Wang. The Board appointed Mr. Zhao to serve
as a member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Compensation Committee and Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

On September
28, 2023, Ms. Ling Jiang resigned as a director of the Company and a member of the Compensation Committee, the Audit Committee, and the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

Litigation 

On October 3, 2021, the Company
entered into a Strategic Alliance Agreement with HighSharp (Shenzhen Gaorui) Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. HighSharp to establish a joint venture for collaborative engineering, technical development and commercialization of a bitcoin mining machine under
the name Thor Miner Inc. Thor Minor , granting Thor Miner exclusive rights covering design production, intellectual property,
branding, marketing and sales. On October 11, 2021, Thor Miner was formed in Delaware and is 51 owned by the Company and 49 owned
by HighSharp. 

SOS Information Technology
New York, Inc. SOSNY ), a company incorporated under the laws of state of New York and a wholly owned subsidiary of SOS
Ltd. (a NYSE listed holding company, which provides marketing data, technology and solutions to the emergency rescue services in China,
filed a lawsuit in the New York State Supreme Court on December 9, 2022 against Thor Miner together with the Company, referred to as
the Corporate Defendants ), Lei Cao, Yang Jie, John F. Levy, Tieliang Liu, Tuo Pan, Shi Qiu, Jing Shan, and Heng Wang (jointly
referred to as the Individual Defendants (collectively, the Individual Defendants and the Corporate Defendants are the
 Defendants ). SOSNY and Thor Miner entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement dated January 10, 2022 (the PSA for the purchase of 200,000,000 in crypto mining rigs, which SOSNY claims was breached by the Defendants. 

SOSNY and Defendants entered
into a certain settlement agreement and general mutual release with an Effective Date of December 28, 2022 (the Settlement Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, Thor Miner agreed to pay 13,000,000 (the Settlement Payment to SOSNY in exchange
for SOSNY dismissing the lawsuit with prejudice as to the settling Defendants and without prejudice as to all others. The full Settlement
Payment was made in December 2022 and SOSNY dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice against us and the other Defendants on December 28, 2022. 

The Company and Thor Miner
further covenanted and agreed that if they receive additional funds from HighSharp related to the PSA, they will promptly transfer such
funds to SOSNY in an amount not to exceed 40,560,569 (which is the total amount paid by SOSNY pursuant to the PSA less the price of the
machines actually received by SOSNY pursuant to the PSA). The Settlement Payment and any payments subsequently received by SOSNY from
HighSharp will be deducted from the total amount of 40,560,569 previously paid by, and now due and owing to SOSNY. In further consideration
of the Settlement Agreement, Thor Miner provided SOSNY an assignment of all claims it may have against HighSharp or otherwise to the proceeds
of the PSA. 

9 

On September 23, 2022, Hexin
Global Limited and Viner Total Investments Fund filed a lawsuit against the Company and other defendants in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (the Hexin lawsuit ). On December 5, 2022, St. Hudson Group LLC, Imperii Strategies
LLC, Isyled Technology Limited, and Hsqynm Family Inc. filed a lawsuit against the Company and other defendants in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (the St. Hudson lawsuit, and together with the Hexin lawsuit, the Investor
Actions ). The plaintiffs in the Investor Actions are investors that entered into a securities purchase agreement with the Company
in December 2021 as more fully described below. Each of these plaintiffs asserted causes of action for, among other things, violations
of the federal securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty, fraudulent inducement, breach of contract, conversion, and unjust enrichment,
and seeks monetary damages and specific performance to remove legends from certain securities sold pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement. The Hexin lawsuit claimed monetary damages of at least 6 million, plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys 
fees. The St. Hudson lawsuit claimed monetary damages of at least 4.4 million, plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys 
fees. 

On October 6, 2022, Jinhe
Capital Limited Jinhe filed a lawsuit against the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, asserting causes of actions for, among other things, breach of contract, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing,
conversion, quantum meruit, and unjust enrichment, in connection with a financial advisory agreement entered into by and between Jinhe
and the Company on November 10, 2021. Jinhe claimed monetary damages of at least 575,000 and potentially exceeding
 1.8 million, plus interest, costs, and attorneys fees. 

On
January 10, 2023, the St. Hudson lawsuit was consolidated with the Jinhe lawsuit and Hexin lawsuit and on February 24, 2023, all
three consolidated actions were dismissed without prejudice by the court, in furtherance of the parties having reached an agreement
in principle to settle their disputes. The Company, Yang Jie, Jing Shan, and the plaintiffs in the three actions entered into a
certain settlement agreement and general mutual release with an effective date of March 10, 2023, pursuant to which the Company
agreed to pay the plaintiffs 10,525,910.82. The plaintiffs agreed to discharge and forever release the defendants from all
claims that were or could have been raised in those actions, as well as dismissal of each of the actions with prejudice. The Company
has no role or knowledge as to how the settlement payment will be allocated between and among the plaintiffs. The Company made the
settlement payment on March 14, 2023. The plaintiffs agreed to irrevocably forfeit 3,728,807 shares of Common Stock they hold. The
cancellation of these shares has been completed. The fair
value of the shares was 2,125,420 on March 10, 2023, the settlement amount over the fair value of the cancelled shares was recorded as other expenses in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. 

On December 9, 2022, Piero
Crivellaro, purportedly on behalf of the persons or entities who purchased or acquired publicly traded securities of the Company between
February 2021 and November 2022, filed a putative class action against the Company and other defendants in the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of New York, alleging violations of federal securities laws related to alleged false or misleading disclosures
made by the Company in its public filings. The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages, plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys fees.
On February 7, 2023, two additional plaintiffs moved to be appointed as the lead class plaintiff in this action; those motions remain
under the Court s consideration. As this action is still in the early stage, the Company cannot predict the outcome. 

In addition to the above litigations,
the Company is also subject to additional contractual litigations as to which it is unable to estimate the outcome. 

Government Investigations 

Following a publication of
the Hindenburg Report, the Company received subpoenas from the United States Attorney s Office for the Southern District of New
York and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company is cooperating with these governmental authorities regarding
these matters. The Company is not able to estimate the outcome or duration of the government investigations. 

10 

Nasdaq Listing Deficiencies 

On May 24, 2022, the Company
received a delinquency notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) due to
its delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. The Company was provided 60 days to submit
a plan to regain compliance. On July 25, 2022 and September 14, 2022, the Company submitted its plan to regain compliance and supplementary
information related to the plan, respectively (collectively, the Compliance Plan ). Based on the review of the Compliance
Plan as well as telephone conversations with outside counsel to the Company and counsel to the Company s Special Committee, the
Staff has determined that the Company did not provide a definitive plan evidencing its ability to file the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 (collectively, the Reports within the 180 calendar day period available to the Staff under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

On November 16, 2022, the
Company received an additional staff determination notice from Nasdaq, advising that it had not received the Company s Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022, which served as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities and
that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel will consider the additional deficiency in rendering a determination regarding
the Company s continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company submitted to the Panel a plan to regain compliance with
the continued listing requirements, including the filing of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company
received a deficiency notice from Nasdaq informing the Company that its common stock, no par value, fails to comply with the 1 minimum
bid price required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) based upon the closing bid
price of the common stock for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the notice from Nasdaq. The Company has been provided
an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until July 5, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

On February 21, 2023, the
Company received an additional staff determination notice from Nasdaq, advising that it had not received the Company s Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022, which served as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities. The
notice stated that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel will consider the additional deficiency in rendering a determination regarding the Company s
continued listing on Nasdaq. The Company submitted to the Panel a plan to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements and
was granted a grace period to file all the delinquent reports, including the filing of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December
31, 2022, on or before February 28, 2023. 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company no longer complies with Nasdaq s audit committee
requirement under Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5605 following the resignation of John Levy from the Company s board of directors
and audit committee effective February 23, 2023. Nasdaq advised the Company that in accordance with Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5605(c)(4),
the Company has a cure period to regain compliance (i) until the earlier of the Company s next annual shareholders meeting
or February 23, 2024; or (ii) if the next annual shareholders meeting is held before August 22, 2023, then the Company must evidence
compliance no later than August 22, 2023. The Company has set the record date of September 28, 2023, for an annual meeting of shareholders
scheduled to take place on October 13, 2023. 

On
March 16, 2023, the Company received a formal notification from Nasdaq confirming that the Company had regained compliance with the Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires the Company to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC, and that the
matter is now closed. 

11 

On
July 7, 2023, the Company received an Notice of Noncompliance Letter (the Letter from Nasdaq stating that the Company was
not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules due to its failure to timely hold an annual meeting of shareholders for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2022, which is required to be held within twelve months of the Company s fiscal year end under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a)
and 5810(c)(2)(G). The Letter also states that the Company has 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance and if Nasdaq accepts
the Plan, it can grant the Company an exception of up to 180 calendar days from the fiscal year end, or until December 27, 2023, to regain
compliance. The Company complied with the Nasdaq requirement that the Plan be submitted no later than August 21, 2023. 

On
July 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company no longer complies with Nasdaq s independent director
and audit committee requirements under Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5605 following the resignation of Mr. Liu from the Company s
board of directors and audit committee effective July 3, 2023. Nasdaq advised the Company that in accordance with Nasdaq s Listing
Rule 5605(c)(4), the Company has a cure period to regain compliance (1) until the earlier of the Company s next annual shareholders 
meeting or July 3, 2024; or (2) if the next annual shareholders meeting is held before January 2, 2024, then the Company must evidence
compliance no later than January 2, 2024. In response to this notice, on July 31, 2023, the Company elected Mr. Zhongliang Xie
as a Class II independent director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders for the fiscal year 2023, to fill the vacancy on
the Board resulting from the resignation of Mr. Liu. The Board appointed Mr. Xie to serve as Chair of the Audit Committee, a member of
the Compensation Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

On
July 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company failed to regain compliance with respect to the minimum
 1 bid price per share requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rules during the 180 calendar days given by Nasdaq for the Company to regain compliance,
which ended on July 5, 2023. However, Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or
until January 2, 2024, to regain compliance. Such determination is based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement for
market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Capital Market with the exception
of the bid price requirement, and the Company s written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance
period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. The Company intends to regain compliance with Nasdaq s bid price requirement
prior to the end of the second bid price extension. 

Corporate History and Our Business Segments 

From inception in 2001 to
our fiscal year ended June 30, 2013, our sole business was providing shipping agency services. In general, we provided two types of shipping
agency services: loading/discharging services and protective agency services, in which we acted as a general agent to provide value added
solutions to our customers. For loading/discharging agency services, we received the total payment from our customers in U.S. dollars
and paid the port charges on behalf of our customers in RMB. For protective agency services, we charged a fixed amount as agent fee while
customers were responsible for the payment of port costs and expenses. 

In January 2016, we expanded
our business to include freight logistics services to provide import security filing services with the U.S. Customs and Department of
Homeland Security, on behalf of importers who ship goods into the U.S. and also provided inland transportation services to these importers
in the U.S. 

In the fiscal year ended June
30, 2017, we also expanded into container trucking services as new business sectors to provide related transportation logistics services
to customers in the U.S. and in China. 

In an effort to further diversify
our business, in the second quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, we developed our bulk cargo container services segment. Bulk
cargo container shipment refers to using containers to ship commodities that are traditionally shipped by freight cargo. Freight cargo
rates are usually lower than container freight rates; however, the transit time is much longer and has high minimum quantity requirements.
We suspended this service in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019 due to market environment factors, and discontinued this service in light
of the worldwide impact of the coronavirus pandemic. 

12 

In the fiscal year ended June
30, 2018, we established a wholly owned subsidiary, Ningbo Saimeinuo Web Technology Ltd. Ningbo ), which is 100 owned by
Sino-Global Shipping New York Inc. SG Shipping NY ), a New York corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
which primarily engages in transportation management and freight logistics services, including overseas shipping. 

Since the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2019, trade dynamics have made it more expensive for shipping carrier clients to cost-effectively move cargo into U.S. ports,
and as a result, we realized lower shipping volumes, which has caused us to shift our focus back to the shipping agency business. 

On
January 10, 2020, we entered into a cooperation agreement with Mr. Shanming Liang, a stockholder of the Company, to establish a joint
venture named LSM Trading Ltd., in which the Company holds a 40 equity interest. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company invested
 210,000 in the joint venture. The joint venture has not commenced operations as of the date of this report. 

On December 14, 2020, we incorporated
a new entity named Blumargo IT Solution Ltd. Blumargo in the U.S. SG Shipping NY held an 80 ownership interest in Blumargo,
which was established in partnership with Tianjin Anboweiye Technology Co. Tianjin ), to build up hi-tech and information-based
logistics services to meet customer demand. On June 30, 2022, SG Shipping NY acquired the 20 interest held from Tianjin and increased
its ownership to 100 . 

From
March to June 2021, the Company engaged in cryptocurrency mining in China. On March 2, 2021, the Company entered into a purchase agreement
with Hebei Yanghuai Technology Co., Ltd. Yanghuai for the purchase of 2,783 digital currency mining machines for a total
purchase price of RMB 30 million approximately 4.6 million). Yanghuai agreed
to manage and operate the servers after the purchase at its site with no further charge from March 10, 2021 to March 9, 2022, after which
time the Company could engage Yanghuai to continue providing services for a fee. The first cash payment of approximately 0.9 million
was paid within 15 days after the date of signing the Agreement. 

Over
the last two months of the Company s 2021 fiscal year, national and local governments in China started to restrict and ban
cryptocurrency mining operations, causing owners of mining machines to cease mining operations. Based on the amended agreement
signed by the Company and Yanghuai on September 17, 2021, the Company is not liable to perform under the remainder of the contract
and obtained title to half of the servers. The Company recorded an impairment for the mining equipment in the last quarter of 2021
in the amount of approximately 0.9 million. The two parties have restructured the Purchase Agreement to reduce the
purchase price from RMB 30 million to RMB 6 million and to allocate the purchased servers between the Company and the Seller. The
Seller transported servers representing half of the agreed 50,440 terahashes (one trillion) per second (th/s) in computing power (or
a total of 25,220 th/s in computing power) to our Ningbo subsidiary in China and then shipped them to us in the U.S. 

On April 21, 2021, the Company
set up a joint venture in Texas, U.S. under the name of Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. to support its freight logistics
services in the U.S., pursuant to a cooperation agreement with Mr. Bangpin Yu. SG Shipping NY has a 51 equity interest in the joint venture. 

In July 2021, the Company
registered a new company, Gorgeous Trading Ltd. Gorgeous Trading ), which is 100 owned by SG Shipping NY. Gorgeous Trading
is mainly engaged in smart warehouse and related business in Texas. 

On August 31, 2021, the
Company formed a joint venture, Phi Electric Motor, Inc. in New York, which is 51 owned by SG Shipping NY. Phi Electric Motor, Inc.has
had no operations as of the date of this report. 

On September 29, 2021, the
Company formed a 100 owned subsidiary, SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc., in New York. On December 23, 2021, SG Shipping Risk
Solution Inc. formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, SG Link LLC, in New York. As of the date of this report, the two companies have had no
operations. 

13 

On October 3, 2021, the
Company entered into a Strategic Alliance Agreement with HighSharp to establish a Delaware joint venture for collaborative
engineering, technical development and commercialization of a bitcoin mining machine under the name Thor Miner Inc. which is 51 
owned by the Company and 49 owned by HighSharp. Thor Miner was given exclusive rights covering design production, intellectual
property, branding, marketing and sales. On October 11, 2021, 

On December 31, 2021, the
Company entered into a series of agreements to terminate its variable interest entity VIE structure and deconsolidated
its formerly controlled entity Sino-Global Shipping Agency Ltd. Sino-China ). The Company controlled Sino-China through
its wholly owned subsidiary Trans Pacific Shipping Limited. The Company made the decision to dissolve the VIE structure and Sino-China
because Sino-China has no active operations and the Company wanted to remove any potential risks associated with any VIE structures. In
addition, the Company dissolved its subsidiary Sino-Global Shipping LA, Inc. 

On April 10, 2022, the Company
entered into a joint venture agreement with Golden Mainland Inc., a Georgia corporation Golden Mainland to establish a
joint venture to build Bitcoin mining sites in Texas, Ohio, and other states. The Company does not plan to pursue this business with
Golden Mainland. 

Our Strategy 

Our strategy is to: 

Provide
better solutions for issues and challenges faced by the entire shipping and freight logistics chain to better serve our customers and
explore additional growth avenues. 

Diversify
our current service offerings organically or through acquisitions and/or strategic alliance; continue to grow our business in the U.S.
market; 

Continue
to streamline our business practice, optimize our cost structure and improve our operating efficiency through effective planning, budgeting,
execution and cost control and strengthening our IT infrastructure; 

Continue
to reduce our dependency on our legacy business and few key customers; and 

Continue
to monetize our relationships with our strategic partners and leverage their support and our innovation to expand our business. 

With the establishment of
our subsidiary in Los Angeles, we added cargo forwarding services to our service platform in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, which
is included in our inland transportation business line for the year ended June 30, 2016. As we are developing our cargo forwarding services,
the Company provides freight logistics services and container trucking services as two new business segments in fiscal 2017. During fiscal
year 2018, the Company began to provide bulk cargo container services to the customers. On November 13, 2019, the Company entered into
a cooperation agreement with Shanming Liang, a director of Guangxi Jinqiao Industrial Group Co., Ltd., to cooperate and expand the bulk
cargo container services business. 

Our Goals and Strategic Plan 

By leveraging our extensive
business relationships, technical ability and in-depth knowledge of the shipping industry, our goal is to further strengthen our position
as a leading global logistics solution provider who offers innovative resolutions to better address complex issues in different aspects
in the entire shipping and freight logistics chain. 

14 

We historically focused our
business on providing our customers with customized shipping agency services. In the past, our business came predominately from our strong
business relationships with our key strategic partners in China. To reduce our dependency on a single business line, we have leveraged,
and will continue to leverage, our business relationships with strategic partners to introduce new service offerings to the market and
to diversify our business. Our strategic plan for the next five years is to continue to diversify our service mix and actively seek new
growth opportunities to expand our business footprint in the U.S. market to reduce our dependency on the revenue generated from China.
For decades, the shipping industry has been operated under traditional business models without many meaningful changes. Today, technological
innovation has already played a big role in changing every conventional industry. We believe the internet will be a big part of the future
logistics chain services and a transformative era in shipping and freight logistics business is coming. As an innovative solution provider,
we plan to apply our technical ability, industry expertise and cutting-edge information technology in the conventional shipping business
to better connect supply and demand and to develop seamless linkages in logistics chains. 

As a result of our plan to
diversify, we continued to provide on inland transportation management services and logistics between the U.S. and China, such as providing
freight logistics services, container trucking services and bulk cargo container services. During this process, we will continue to adjust
and develop our strategic plans based on the change of business environment. 

However, with our decades
of experience in shipping agency business and solid business relationships with Baosteel Group and Shougang Group, who are among the biggest
importers of iron ore in China, we believe it is to the Company s best interest to redirect our focus on this segment in 2019 based
on our assessment of current global trading environments. To our understanding, we are one of few shipping agents specialized in providing
a full range of general shipping agency services in China and the only shipping agency company listed on a public exchange in the U.S.
while other shipping agencies are much smaller and more fragmented. With the setup of the Ningbo joint venture, we are able to use our
resources such as our customer base, our currently developing IT infrastructure and our business insight to build a global network of
shipping agencies. In addition, our current business segments like freight logistics and container trucking can also be integrated and
enable us to provide more comprehensive logistics services for our customers. 

Our plan is to develop a
shipping agency network in China and South East Asia for the next three years and expand our shipping agency network worldwide. We plan
to build the network through acquisitions or strategic partnership with other shipping agencies. Our shipping agency business will be
mostly conducted through our China, Hong Kong and Australia subsidiaries. 

In fiscal year 2020, we entered
into a general shipping agency service agreement with Mandarine Bulk Ltd. as the sole general shipping agency and a shipping management
services agreement with Qingdao Lizhou Ship Management Co., Ltd. We have expanded our business to increase sales revenue in the United
States and get more customers who can settle in U.S. dollars. 

In fiscal 2024, while we
continue to provide our current traditional logistics business, we will integrate the traditional business with modern technology to
develop a brand-new business model. On September 27, 2020, we signed a MOU with EMB Technology Co., LTD EMB ). Our company
and EMB will combine the advantages of traditional logistics business/new technology and match the marketing economic requirements of
the post-covid-19 world, gathering our many years of industry experience and customer group, with big data analysis, artificial intelligence,
machine learning technologies, research and development platforms for the new business model, joint business partner s data interface,
to change the traditional business model from delivery to businesses into delivery directly to customers. At the same time, we plan to
strengthen the research and development force to complete the transformation of the company s business model and profit model step by
step. After deep market research and demand analysis, with the actual situation in North America, iterative developing a certain popular
App of high customer coupling, easy to form the functional industrial chain and derivative products and related services. We also expect
to make achievements in the remote service industry include the service industry of enterprise portal, and the service industry of ERP
customization/implementation/maintenance for small and medium-sized businesses, try to create a new milestone in the co mpany s
bus iness. 

15 

Our Customers 

Our main customers for
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 is Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd. and SOSNY. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd. accounted for 52.7 and 45.6 of the Company s revenues, respectively. For the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, SOSNY accounted for 16.1 and 27.9 of the Company s gross revenue. 

Our Suppliers 

Our
operations consist of working directly with our customers to understand in detail their needs and expectations and then managing local
suppliers to ensure that our customers needs are met. For the year ended June 30, 2023, two suppliers accounted for approximately
19.6 and 19.5 of our total purchases, respectively. For
the year ended June 30, 2022, two suppliers accounted for approximately 26.3 and 24.1 of our total purchases, respectively. 

Our Strengths 

We believe that the following
strengths differentiate us from our competitors: 

Proven
industry experience and problem-solving reputation . We are a non-asset based global shipping and freight logistics solution provider.
We provide tailored solutions and value-added services to our customers to drive effectiveness and control in related aspects throughout
the entire shipping and freight logistic chain. We believe that our years of successful track record of applying integrated solutions
to complex issues in the global shipping logistics business gives us a competitive advantage in attracting large clients and helps us
maintain strong long terms business relationship with them. 

Strong
leadership and a competent professional team . Our CEO is an industry veteran with more than thirty years of extensive industry experience
including ten years working for COSCO, one of the largest shipping companies in the world. Most of our employees have marine business
experience, and many of our managers/chief operators served in other large Chinese shipping companies prior to joining us. With these
professionals and experienced staff, we believe that we provide the best services to our customers at competitive prices. 

Extensive
network and positive industry recognition. Doing business in China often requires a strong business network and support of key
strategic partners. The Company served as one of the executive directors of China Association of Shipping Agencies Non-Vessel-Operating
Common Carriers (CASA), the authoritative industry association in China. We are the only non-state-owned enterprise represented on the
CASA board guiding the development of the industry. Our good reputation and industry recognition enables us to maintain strong relationships
with our business partners and have an extensive network of contacts throughout the industry, which helps us gain necessary support to
execute our business plans. 

Lean
organization and a flexible business model. Although we are a small business with limited resources, we have a cohesive and
effective organizational structure with the goal of maximizing customer value while minimizing waste. Our unique flexible business model
allows us to quickly respond to changing market demand and offer our customers innovative problem-solving solutions, quality customer
service, and competitive prices to achieve greater market acceptance and gain additional market share. 

U.S.-registered
and NASDAQ-listed public company . We believe our status as a U.S. corporation gives us more credibility among existing and potential
customers, suppliers, and other business partners than a privately owned company would have in our industry. Our ability to raise capital
through the capital market or use our common stock as currency to facility potential merger and acquisition transactions
can also help us carry out or accelerate our growth strategies. 

16 

Our Opportunities 

For more than thirty years,
the shipping and freight logistics industry has been operated under traditional business models without meaningful change. Many of these
business practices are inefficient and problematic; therefore, maintaining an innovative mindset is critical to achieving continuous business
success and growth. We are a value-added logistics solution provider with successful past performance and individuals that have been in
the industry for a long time. Instead of playing the traditional logistics broker role, we focus on providing technology solutions and
innovative leading-edge services to bridge the asset-based world with the digital world. We shape our industry practice and profit model
by analyzing wider developments both in the global markets and the technology industry so we can address unique problems that are currently
pervasive across the shipping and freight logistics industry. 

We believe we can capture
the business opportunity and grow our business organically or through acquisitions or strategic alliance by: 

Continuing
to streamline our business operations and improve our operating efficiency through innovative technology, effective planning, budgeting,
execution and cost control; 

Diversifying
our business to focus on providing innovative technology based solution to our customers to promote our sustainable business growth; 

The
current market of China s shipping agency industry is mature comparing to what it was ten years ago when the shipping agency industry
was fueled by the massive construction of China s infrastructure, yet the over-supply of shipping agencies has also shrunk the profits
of the industry. Many shipping agencies were constrained by the small size and the limited services. We have the professionalism and
are the pioneers and leaders in the shipping agency industry in China. SINO is a NASDAQ-listed company that already has more flexibility
in capital raise comparing to companies that are not on a U.S. major stock exchange or private companies. We already have a network that
covers the US East coast, West coast, Canada, Australia, Hong Kong, Beijing, and Ningbo. We maintain strong relationships with customers
and market resources. The current shipping agency market is more competitive yet enable companies like us who has better resources in
this market niche to expand. 

Our Challenges 

We face significant challenges
when executing our strategy, including: 

Given
the complexity and length of restructuring our business, we face the challenge of generating sufficient cash from our current business
activities to support our daily operations during the transition; 

We
may not be able to establish a separate department to solve critical issues in today s shipping logistics industry; 

We
may not be able to manage our growth when we form more joint ventures for our shipping agency business as we need to better our standard
operating and control procedures which may pose more challenges to our management. 

We
may not have or not be able to get the necessary funds to continue to expand our service and market our services successfully; 

Our
ability to respond to increasing competitive pressure on our growth and margins; 

Our
ability to gain further expertise and to serve new customers in new service areas; 

From
time to time, we may have difficulty carrying out services effectively and in a profitable way due to the cyclical nature of the shipping
industry, which could lead to a prolonged period of sluggish demand for our services; 

Our
ability to respond promptly to a changing regulatory environment, macroeconomic conditions, industry trends, and competitive landscape;
and 

Developing
a winning business model takes time and a new business model may not be recognized by the market immediately. As a publicly traded company,
management may be forced to fulfill near-term performance goals that may not be consistent with the Company s long-term vision. 

17 

Our Competition 

The market segment that we
now operate in, which is freight logistics services including warehouse services, does not have high entry barriers. In terms of our competition
in China, there are many companies ranging from small to large that provide freight logistics services, and the state-owned companies
in China generate a significant portion of the revenues in the industry. Our primary competitors in China are the China branches of international
shipping companies or their exclusive agents in China. These companies include Evergreen Marine Corp., Orient Overseas Container Line,
Ocean Network Express which includes Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines and Nippon Yusen Kabushiki Kaisha. The competition
is intense due to the significant excess capacity. These companies have greater service capabilities, a larger customer base and more
financial, marketing, network and human resources than we do. Most of them engage in a wide range of businesses and involve many aspects
of the industry chain. However, we focus on providing tailored solutions and value-added services to customers in freight logistic services.
As a boutique company with limited resources and history, we face intense competition. Our ability to grow in our industry depends on
(1) our deep understanding of the complexity of industry issues and challenges and (2) our ability to develop optimal solutions to respond
to the identified issues and provide effective problem-solving strategies to our targeted customers. 

In terms of our competition
in the United States, the freight logistics services industry is well developed, highly fragmented, and competition is fierce nationwide.
Our primary competitors in the U.S. are local warehouse services providers and freight forwarding companies in Houston, for example, Bizto
LLC, Golden Eagle Guns LLC, and Smart Supply Chain. Competition in the freight logistics services industry is driven by factors such as
price, service quality, technology, and geographic reach. Companies that can offer a combination of these factors are often more competitive
in the market. Additionally, companies that can adapt to changing customer demands and market trends, such as the shift towards e-commerce,
are likely to be more successful in the long term. We aim at providing tailored and valued-added services for our international clients
with needs for U.S. domestic logistics services. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Report, we have 28 full-time employees, 12 of whom are based in China and 16 are based in the United States. Of the
total full-time employees, 9 are in management, 10 are in operations, 6 are in finance and accounting related and 3 are in administration
and technical support. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. We have never had a work stoppage, and our employees
are not subject to a collective bargaining agreement. 

Intellectual Property 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not have any registered patents, copyrights, or trademarks other than two pending trademark applications
for Thor and Thor Miner. We have seven registered domain names, including our corporate website https://www.singularity.us/. 

18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below are a number of material risks, uncertainties and
other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations as a result of recent developments. You should carefully
consider the risks described below before purchasing our common stock. The risks highlighted here are not the only ones that we may face.
For example, additional risks presently unknown to us or that we currently consider immaterial or unlikely to occur could also impair
our operations. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any such additional risks and uncertainties actually occur, our
business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations could be negatively affected, and you might lose all or part of your
investment. 

We are, and may continue to be, subject
to litigation including individual and class action lawsuits, as well as investigations and enforcement actions by regulators and governmental
authorities. These matters are often expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

As discussed in Item
1. Business Recent Developments, we are, and from time to time may become, subject to litigation and various legal proceedings,
including litigation and proceedings related to stockholder derivative suits, class action lawsuits and other matters, that involve claims
for substantial amounts of money or for other relief or that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. In addition to this,
we have been, currently are, and may from time to time become subject to, government and regulatory investigations, inquiries, actions
or requests, other proceedings and enforcement actions alleging violations of laws, rules, and regulations, both foreign and domestic.
The defense of these actions may be both time consuming and expensive. We evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess
the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the monetary amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments
and estimates, we may establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as and when required or
appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on information available to management at the time of such assessment or estimation
and involve a significant amount of judgment. As a result, actual outcomes or losses could differ materially from those envisioned by
our current assessments and estimates. Our failure to successfully defend or settle any of these litigations or legal proceedings could
result in liability that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The scope, determination,
and impact of claims, lawsuits, government and regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, disputes, and proceedings to which we are
subject cannot be predicted with certainty, and may result in: 

substantial payments to satisfy judgments, fines, or penalties; 

substantial outside counsel, advisor, and consultant fees and costs; 

substantial administrative costs, including arbitration fees; 

loss of productivity and high demands on employee time; 

criminal sanctions or consent decrees; 

termination of certain employees, including members of our executive team; 

barring of certain employees from participating in our business in whole or in part; 

orders that restrict our business or prevent us from offering certain products or services; 

changes to our business model and practices 

delays to planned transactions, service launches or improvements; and 

damage to our brand and reputation. 

19 

We are, and may continue to be, subject
to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention, cause harm to our reputation and result in significant
damages for which we could be responsible. 

We are subject to securities
class action litigation, which is expensive, could divert our management s attention, harm our reputation, and leave us liable for
substantial damages. For example, as discussed in Item 1. Business Recent Developments, on December 9, 2022, Piero
Crivellaro, purportedly on behalf of the persons or entities who purchased or acquired publicly traded securities of the Company between
February 2021 and November 2022, filed a putative class action against the Company, certain of our officers and directors, and other defendants
in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, alleging violations of federal securities laws related to alleged
false or misleading disclosures made by the Company in its public filings. The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages, plus interest, costs,
fees, and attorneys fees. As this action is still in the early stage, the Company cannot predict the outcome, and certain of our
officers in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. 

Litigation of this type could
result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could adversely impact our business. Any
adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 

We are responsible for the indemnification
of our officers and directors. 

Should our officers and/or
directors require us to contribute to their defense, we may be required to spend significant amounts of our capital. Our Certificate of
Incorporation and bylaws also provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances,
against attorney s fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association
with or activities on behalf of our company. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures, which we may be unable
to recoup. If these expenditures are significant or involve issues which result in significant liability for our key personnel, we may
be unable to continue operating as a going concern. 

We depend on a limited number of major customers
who are able to exert a high degree of influence over us and the loss of a major customer could adversely impact our business. 

For the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022, one customer, Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd., accounted for 52.7 and 60.8 of our revenues, respectively. There can be
no assurance that our major customer will continue to purchase our services in the same amount that it has in the past. The loss of our
major customer or a material reduction in sales to a major customer could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
Additionally, given the high concentration of our customer base, a default by or a significant reduction in future transactions with our
major customer could materially reduce our revenues, profitability, liquidity and growth prospects. 

20 

We depend on a limited number of suppliers
who are able to exert a high degree of influence over us and the loss of our major suppliers could adversely impact our business. 

For the year ended June 30,
2023, two suppliers accounted for approximately 19.6 and 19.5 of our total purchases, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2022,
two suppliers accounted for approximately 26.3 and 24.1 of our total purchases, respectively. There can be no assurance that our major
suppliers will continue to supply us with the materials or services required to operate our business in the same amount that they have
in the past. The loss of our major suppliers or a material reduction in the materials or services they provide to us could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Additionally, due to the unpredictable
nature of COVID-19 regulations in China, our suppliers based in China may be affected by COVID-19 related issues such as shutdowns and
delays. This may cause us to become unable to fulfill our customer orders on a timely basis, which may cause us to cancel orders and provide
refunds, as demonstrated in our settlement with SOSNY. 

The restatement of our prior financial statements
may affect investor confidence and raise reputational issues and may subject us to additional risks and uncertainties, including increased
professional costs and the increased possibility of legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries. 

As discussed in our Current
Form on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023, as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed on March 6, 2023, we determined to restate our financial
statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2021, three and six months ended September 30, 2021 and three and nine months ended December
31, 2021 after we identified errors related to, incorrect accounting treatment of related party loan receivable, incorrect recognition
of revenue from freight shipping services and incorrect accounting treatment of recovery (provision) for doubtful accounts. As a result
of these errors and the resulting restatements of our financial statements for the impacted periods, we have incurred, and may continue
to incur, unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with or related to the restatements, and have become subject
to a number of additional risks and uncertainties, including the increased possibility of litigation and regulatory inquiries. Any of
the foregoing may affect investor confidence in the accuracy of our financial disclosures and may raise reputational risks for our business,
both of which could harm our business and financial results. 

We have identified material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting and have determined to restate our previously issued financial statements. If our remediation
of these material weaknesses is not effective, or if we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal
control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable laws and regulations
could be impaired. In addition, the presence of material weaknesses increases the risk of a material misstatement of our consolidated
financial statements. 

As a public company, we are
required, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Effective internal control over financial reporting
is necessary for reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, such internal controls are
designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,
could cause our Company to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

Our management s assessment
must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by management in our internal control over financial reporting. Our management s
assessment could detect problems with internal controls. Undetected material weaknesses in internal controls could lead to financial statement
restatements and require our Company to incur the expense of remediation. 

A material weakness is a deficiency
or combination of deficiencies in a company s internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of its consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. This deficiency
could result in additional misstatements to its consolidated financial statements that would be material and would not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. 

21 

As discussed in Item
9.A Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures, under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2023. Based on the
foregoing evaluation, our Chief Operating Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
due to ineffective internal controls over financial reporting that stemmed from the following material weaknesses for the year ended and
as of June 30, 2023: 

Lack
of segregation of duties for accounting personnel who prepared and reviewed the journal entries in some of the subsidiaries within the
consolidation, lack of supervision, coordination and communication of financial information between different entities within the Group; 

Lack
of a full time U.S. GAAP personnel in the accounting department to monitor the recording of the transactions which led to error in revenue
recognition in previously issued financial statements; 

Lack
of resources with technical competency to address, review and record non-routine or complex transactions under U.S. GAAP; 

Lack
of management control reviews of the budget against actual with analysis of the variance with a precision that can be explained through
the analysis of the accounts; 

Lack
of proper procedures in identifying and recording related party transactions which led to restatement of previously issued financial
statements (See Note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statement footnotes); 

Lack
of proper procedures to maintain supporting documents for accounting record; and 

Lack
of proper oversight for the Company s cash disbursement process that led to misuse of the Company funds by its former executive. 

In order to remediate the
material weaknesses stated above, we intend to implement the following policies and procedures: 

Hiring
additional accounting staff to report the internal financial timely; 

Reporting
other material and non-routine transactions to the Board and obtain proper approval; 

Recruiting
additional qualified professionals with appropriate levels of U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to assist in resolving accounting issues
in non-routine or complex transactions; 

Developing
and conducting U.S. GAAP knowledge, SEC reporting and internal control training to senior executives, management personnel, accounting
departments and the IT staff, so that management and key personnel understand the requirements and elements of internal control over
financial reporting mandated by the U.S. securities laws; 

Setting up budgets and developing expectations based on understanding of the business operations, compare the actual results with the expectations periodically and document the reasons for the fluctuations with further analysis. This should be done by CFO and reviewed by CEO upon their communications with the Board; 

Strengthening our corporate governance; 

Setting
up policies and procedures for the Company s related party identification to properly identify, record and disclose related party
transactions; and 

Setting
up proper procedures for the Company s fund disbursement process to ensure that cash is disbursed only upon proper authorization,
for valid business purposes, and that all disbursements are properly recorded. 

22 

We cannot provide assurance
that these or other measures will fully remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner. If our remediation of these material weaknesses
is not effective, it may cause our Company to become subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. It may also adversely affect investor
confidence in our Company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. There can be no assurance that all existing material weaknesses
have been identified, or that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. In addition, if we are unable to continue
to meet our financial reporting obligations, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq. 

Our ability to maintain compliance with
Nasdaq continued listing requirements, including whether we are able to maintain the closing bid price of our common stock, could result
in the delisting of our common stock. 

Our common stock is currently
listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). To maintain this listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other requirements. 

On May 24, 2022, the Company
received a delinquency notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) due to
its delay in filing its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. The Company was provided 60 days to submit
a plan to regain compliance. On July 25, 2022 and September 14, 2022, the Company submitted its Compliance Plan. Based on the review of
the Compliance Plan as well as telephone conversations with outside counsel to the Company and counsel to the Company s Special
Committee, the Staff has determined that the Company did not provide a definitive plan evidencing its ability to file the Reports within
the 180 calendar day period available to the Staff under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

On November 16, 2022, the
Company received an additional staff determination notice from Nasdaq, advising that it had not received the Company s Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022, which served as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities and
that the Panel will consider the additional deficiency in rendering a determination regarding the Company s continued listing on
Nasdaq. The Company has submitted to the Panel a plan to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements, including the filing
of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company
received a deficiency notice from Nasdaq informing the Company that its common stock, no par value, fails to comply with the 1 minimum
bid price required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) based upon the closing bid
price of the common stock for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the notice from Nasdaq. The Company has been provided
an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until July 5, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

23 

On February 21, 2023, the
Company received an additional staff determination notice from Nasdaq, advising that it had not received the Company s Form 10-Q
for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022, which served as an additional basis for delisting the Company s securities. The
notice stated that the Panel will consider the additional deficiency in rendering a determination regarding the Company s continued
listing on Nasdaq. The Company has submitted to the Panel a plan to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements and has
been granted a grace period to file all the delinquent reports, including the filing of the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December
31, 2022, on or before February 28, 2023. 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq Listing Qualifications department of Nasdaq stating that the Company no longer
complies with Nasdaq s audit committee requirement under Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5605 following the resignation of John Levy
from the Company s board of directors and audit committee effective February 23, 2023. Nasdaq advised the Company that in accordance
with Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5605(c)(4), the Company has a cure period to regain compliance (i) until the earlier of the Company s
next annual shareholders meeting or February 23, 2024; or (ii) if the next annual shareholders meeting is held before August
22, 2023, then the Company must evidence compliance no later than August 22, 2023. 

On
March 16, 2023, the Company received a formal notification from Nasdaq confirming that the Company had regained compliance with the Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires the Company to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and that the matter is now closed. 

On July 7, 2023, the Company
received an Notice of Noncompliance Letter (the Letter from Nasdaq stating that the Company was not in compliance with
Nasdaq Listing Rules due to its failure to timely hold an annual meeting of shareholders for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, which
is required to be held within twelve months of the Company s fiscal year end under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a) and 5810(c)(2)(G).
The Letter also states that the Company has 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance (the Plan and if Nasdaq
accepts the Plan, it can grant the Company an exception of up to 180 calendar days from the fiscal year end, or until December 27, 2023,
to regain compliance. Nasdaq requires the Plan to be submitted no later than August 21, 2023. 

On July 13, 2023, the Company
received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company no longer complies with Nasdaq s independent director and audit committee
requirements under Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5605 following the resignation of Tieliang Liu from the Company s board of directors
and audit committee effective July 3, 2023. Nasdaq advised the Company that in accordance with Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5605(c)(4),
the Company has a cure period to regain compliance (1) until the earlier of the Company s next annual shareholders meeting
or July 3, 2024; or (2) if the next annual shareholders meeting is held before January 2, 2024, then the Company must evidence
compliance no later than January 2, 2024. In response to this notice, on July 31, 2023, the Company elected Mr. Zhongliang Xie as a Class
II independent director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders for the fiscal year 2023, to fill the vacancy on the Board resulting
from the resignation of Mr. Tieliang Liu. The Board appointed Mr. Xie to serve as Chair of the Audit Committee, a member of the Compensation
Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

On July 13, 2023, the Company
received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company failed to regain compliance with respect to the minimum 1 bid price per share
requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rules during the 180 calendar days given by Nasdaq for the Company to regain compliance, which ended
on July 5, 2023. However, Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until January
2, 2024, to regain compliance. Such determination is based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of
publicly held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Capital Market with the exception of the bid price
requirement, and the Company s written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting
a reverse stock split, if necessary. The Company intends to regain compliance with Nasdaq s bid price requirement prior to the end
of the second bid price extension. 

There can be also no assurance
that our stock price will meet the minimum bid price requirement or we will meet other requirements for continued listing on Nasdaq. If
our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq and we are unable to list our common stock on another national securities exchange, we expect
our common stock would be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we and our stockholders could face significant
material adverse consequences, including the limited availability of market quotations for our common stock; substantially decreased trading
in our common stock; decreased market liquidity of our common stock as a result of the loss of market efficiencies associated with Nasdaq
and the loss of federal preemption of state securities laws; an adverse effect on our ability to issue additional securities or obtain
additional financing in the future on acceptable terms, if at all; potential loss of confidence by investors, suppliers, partners, and
employees and fewer business development opportunities; and limited news and analyst coverage. Additionally, the market price of our common
stock may decline further, and stockholders may lose some or all of their investment. 

For additional risks relating
to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed with the
SEC on March 3, 2021 and other filings we file with the SEC from time to time. 

24 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

The Company does not have
any unresolved or outstanding staff comments. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently rent five facilities
in the PRC and the United States. Our PRC headquarters is in Shanghai and our U.S. headquarters is in New York. 

Office 
 
 Address 
 
 Rental Term 
 
 Space 
 
 New York, USA 

98 Cutter Mill Rd 
 Suite 322 
 Great Neck, New York 11021 
 
 Expires 07/31/2026 
 
 3,033 ft 2 

Texas, USA 

6161 Savoy Dr, 
 Suite 1040 
 Houston, Texas 77036 
 
 Expires 06/30/2024 
 
 954 ft 2 

Texas, USA 

12733 Stafford Road, 
 Suite 400 
 Stafford, Texas 77477 
 
 Expires 07/31/2024 
 
 46,463 ft 2 

Shanghai, PRC 

Rm 12D 12E, No.359 
 Dongdaming Road, 
 Hongkou District, 
 Shanghai, PRC 200080 
 
 Expires 12/31/2023 
 
 3,078 ft 2 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

See Item 1. Business
 Recent Developments for a description of legal proceedings the Company is currently involved in, which is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

This item is not applicable
to the Company. 

25 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market for Our Common Stock 

Our common stock is traded
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SGLY. 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of September 25, 2023,
there were 8 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include stockholders who hold their shares of common stock in
street name. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We anticipate that we will retain any earnings to support operations and to finance the growth
and development of our business. Therefore, we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination
relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on a number of factors, including future earnings,
capital requirements, financial conditions and future prospects and other factors the Board may deem relevant. Payments of dividends by
our PRC subsidiaries to our company are subject to restrictions including primarily the restriction that foreign invested enterprises
may only buy, sell and/or remit foreign currencies at those banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business after providing valid
commercial documents. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in the Report. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 

Overview 

We previously focused on providing
customized freight logistics services, but starting in 2017, we began exploring new opportunities to expand our business and generate
more revenue. These opportunities ranged from complementary businesses to other new service and product initiatives. In the fiscal years
2022 and 2023, while we continued to provide our freight logistics business, we expanded our services to include warehousing services
provided by our US subsidiary Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. On January 3, 2022, we changed our corporate name to Singularity Future
Technology Ltd. to align with our entry into the digital assets business through our U.S. subsidiaries. During 2022, we engaged in purchases
and sales of cryptocurrency mining machines through our U.S. subsidiaries. 

For
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we operated in two operating segments: (1) freight logistics services, through our subsidiaries
in the U.S and PRC; and (2) the purchase and sales of crypto mining machines, through our subsidiary Thor Miner. The Company no longer
operates in the shipping agency segment because it did not receive any new orders for its services due to the uncertainty of the shipping
management market which was negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Recent Developments 

The following events had a
material impact on our financial statements. For other recent developments, see Item 1. Business Recent Developments. 

On
January 10, 2022, Thor Miner entered into a purchase agreement with HighSharp. Pursuant to the agreement, Thor Miner agreed to purchase
certain cryptocurrency mining equipment from HighSharp. In January and April 2022, Thor Miner prepaid 35,406,649 for the order. Thor
Miner also entered into a PSA with SOSNY for the purchase of 200,000,000 in crypto mining rigs and received a deposit form SOSNY in the
amount of 48,930,000. 

26 

Due to HighSharp s production
issue, Thor Miner was unable to timely deliver the products to SOSNY according to the delivery terms of the PSA and was sued by SOSNY
for breach of contract on December 9, 2022. . As of December 22, 2022, the balance of the advance made to HighSharp and deposit from SOSNY
amounted to 27,927,583 and 40,560,569, respectively. On December 23, 2022, the Company entered into the Settlement Agreement with SOSNY
pursuant to which the Company paid 13.0 million to SOSNY in exchange for SOSNY dismissing the lawsuit and agreed to transfer any additional
funds it receives from HighSharp to SOSNY in an amount not to exceed 40,560,569. Thor Miner wrote off the balance of the deposit it received
from SOSNY and the balance of its payment to HighSharp. 

Impact of COVID-19 

The outbreak of the COVID-19
starting from late January 2020 in the PRC spread rapidly to many parts of the world. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared
COVID-19 as a pandemic. 

In early December 2022, Chinese government eased
the strict control measures for COVID-19, which led to a surge in increased infections and disruption to our business operations. In 2023,
our China operation continued to suffer from the impact of COVID-19, although to a lesser extent. The impact of any future spread of COVID-19
on the Company s China operation will depend, to a large extent, on the duration and resurgence of COVID-19 variants and the actions
taken by government authorities to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, almost all of which is beyond our control. 

The impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Our customers have been negatively impacted by the pandemic, which reduced their demand for freight logistics services. As a result, our revenue for the year ended June 30, 2022 was down by approximately 1.2 million, or 22.6 and our freight revenue declined slightly in the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Due to travel restrictions between US and China, our new business development for existing segments or new ventures has been slowed down. 

Our sales of crypto mining machines were materially adversely affected by COVID-19. Specifically, Crypto mining machine manufacturers were impacted by the constrained supply of the semiconductors used in the production of the highly specialized crypto mining machines. COVID-related issues exacerbated port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulted in delayed shipments and additional expenses to expedite delivery. As a result, we were unable to fulfil our customer orders on a timely basis, resulting in the cancellation of orders and the partial refund of purchases, as evident from the SOSNY settlement. 

Although the impact of COVID-19 on our operations
decreased in 2023, such impact still exists and may continue to exist for an unforeseeable period of time. The impact of any future spread
of COVID-19 on the Company s China operation will depend, to a large extent, on the duration and resurgence of COVID-19 variants
and the actions taken by government authorities to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, almost all of which is beyond our control. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

The following table sets forth
the results of our operations for the periods indicated: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 

US 
 
 US 
 
 US 

Revenues 
 4,538,723 
 100 
 3,988,415 
 100.0 
 550,308 
 13.8 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 3,990,654 
 87.9 
 4,136,474 
 103.7 
 (145,820 
 (3.5 
 
 Gross margin 
 12.1 
 N/A 
 (3.7 
 N/A 
 15.8 
 N/A 
 
 Selling expenses 
 232,569 
 5.1 
 385,890 
 9.7 
 (153,321 
 (39.7 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 11,572,888 
 255.0 
 9,301,784 
 233.2 
 2,271,104 
 24.4 
 
 Impairment loss of investment 
 128,369 
 2.8 
 - 
 - 
 128,369 
 100 
 
 Impairment loss of Cryptocurrencies 
 18,279 
 0.4 
 170,880 
 4.3 
 (152,601 
 (89.3 
 
 Impairment loss of fixed assets and right of use asset 
 33,469 
 0.7 
 1,006,305 
 25.2 
 (972,836 
 (96.7 
 
 Provision for doubtful accounts, net of recovery 
 2,827,511 
 62.3 
 1,613,504 
 40.5 
 1,214,007 
 75.2 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 329,778 
 7.3 
 10,064,622 
 252.3 
 (9,734,844 
 (96.7 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 19,133,517 
 421.6 
 26,679,459 
 668.9 
 (7,545,942 
 (28.3 

27 

Revenues 

Revenues increased by 550,308, or approximately
13.8 , to 4,538,723 for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 3,988,415 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase was primarily due
to increased revenue from our sale of crypto mining equipment. The Company ceased to sell crypto-mining equipment since January 1, 2023. 

The following tables present summary information
by segments for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Freight Logistics Services 
 Sales of Crypto Mining Machines 
 Total 
 
 Net revenues 
 3,806,158 
 732,565 
 4,538,723 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 3,990,654 
 - 
 3,990,654 
 
 Gross profit 
 (184,496 
 732,565 
 548,069 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 163,635 
 713 
 164,348 
 
 Total capital expenditures 
 (38,440 
 2,852 
 (35,588 
 
 Gross margin 
 (4.8 
 100 
 12.1 

Including related party revenue of 222,963 from Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Freight Logistics Services 
 Sales of Crypto Mining Machines 
 Total 
 
 Net revenues 
 3,830,615 
 157,800 
 3,988,415 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 4,136,474 
 - 
 4,136,474 
 
 Gross profit 
 (305,859 
 157,800 
 (148,059 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 512,586 
 21,052 
 533,638 
 
 Total capital expenditures 
 840,319 
 34,199 
 874,518 
 
 Gross margin 
 (8.0 
 100.0 
 (3.7 

Changes For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Freight Logistics Services 
 Sales of Crypto Mining Machines 
 Total 
 
 Net revenues 
 (0.6 
 364.2 
 13.8 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 (3.5 
 100 
 (3.5 
 
 Gross profit 
 (39.7 
 364.2 
 (470.2 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (68.1 
 (96.6 
 (69.2 
 
 Total capital expenditures 
 (104.6 
 (91.7 
 (104.1 
 
 Gross margin 
 3.2 
 0 
 15.8 

28 

Disaggregated information of revenues by geographic
locations are as follows: 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 PRC 
 2,529,449 
 2,982,691 
 
 U.S. 
 2,009,274 
 1,005,724 
 
 Total revenues 
 4,538,723 
 3,988,415 

Revenues 

Freight Logistics Services 

Freight logistics services
primarily consist of cargo forwarding, brokerage, warehouse and other freight services. Revenues from freight logistics services were
 3,806,158 for the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of 24,457, or approximately 0.6 , as compared to 3,830,615 for the year ended
June 30, 2022. The decrease in shipping revenue of approximately 0.45 million from our PRC operation was due to a decrease in demand
from a major customer, offset in part to an increase of revenue from our U.S. subsidiary, Brilliant Warehouse, of approximately 0.43
million. 

Sales of Crypto Mining Machines 

On January 10, 2022, Thor Miner entered into the
PSA with SOSNY, a wholly owned subsidiary of SOS Ltd. Pursuant to the PSA, Thor Miner agreed to sell to SOSNY certain cryptocurrency mining
hardware and other equipment. The total purchase price was 200,000,000 and the purchase was expected to be completed under separate purchase
orders. We recognized the sales of cryptocurrency mining equipment based on a net basis as the manufacturer of the products was
responsible for shipping and custom clearing for the products. The net revenue amounted to 732,565 and 157,800, respectively, for the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. We ceased to sell crypto-mining equipment since January 1, 2023. 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues for our freight
logistics services segment mainly consisted of freight costs to various freight carriers, cost of labor, warehouse rent and other overhead
and sundry costs. Cost of revenues for our freight logistics services segment was 3,990,654 for the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease
of 145,820, or approximately 3.5 , as compared to 4,136,474 for the year ended June 30, 2022 as a result of the decrease in freight
costs of our PRC operations caused by the decrease in shipping volume due to the pandemic. 

Our gross margin was 12.1 
and (3.7 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This increase in gross margin in freight logistics segment was mainly
due to increased revenue from our sale of crypto mining equipment. We recognized this revenue on a net basis, thus increasing the overall
margin of our operations. 

Operating Costs and Expenses 

Operating costs and expenses
decreased by 7,545,942 or approximately 28.3 from 19,133,517 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 26,679,459 for the year
ended June 30, 2022. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in stock-based compensation, impairment loss of fixed assets and right
of use assets as more fully discussed below. 

Selling Expenses 

Our selling expenses consisted
primarily of salaries, meals and entertainment and travel expenses for our sales representatives. For the year ended June 30, 2023, we
had 232,569 in selling expenses, as compared to 385,890 for the year ended June 30, 2022, which represents a decrease of 153,321 or
approximately 39.7 . The decrease was mainly due to a decrease in marketing expenses for our freight logistics segment in the PRC
compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. 

29 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Our general and administrative
expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits, travel expenses for our administration department, office expenses, and regulatory
filing and professional service fees for auditing, legal and IT consulting. For the year ended June 30, 2023, we had 11,572,888 of general
and administrative expenses, as compared to 9,301,784 for the year ended June 30, 2022, representing an increase of 2,271,104, or approximately
24.4 . The increase was mainly due to the increased professional fees of approximately 4.0 million which are mainly legal fees relating
to the Company s special committee s investigation of claims of alleged fraud, misrepresentation, and inadequate disclosure
related to the Company and certain of its management personnel raised in the Hindenburg Report and other related matters. 

Impairment Loss of Cryptocurrencies 

We recorded an impairment
loss of 18,279 for the year ended June 30, 2023 due to price drops in bitcoin, which the Company deemed a triggering event for impairment
testing. 

Impairment Loss of Fixed Assets and Right of
Use Assets 

We recorded impairment losses
of 33,469 and 1,006,305 for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

We performed our annual goodwill
impairment analysis as of June 30, 2023 and concluded we had approximately an 0.03 million impairment loss for fixed assets and right
of use assets, as our carrying value exceeds the fair value. The fair values are determined by income approach where projected future
cash flows discounted at rates commensurate with the risks involved, Discounted Cash Flow or DCF of the income
approach). Assumptions used in a DCF analysis require the exercise of significant judgment, including judgment about appropriate discount
rates and terminal values, growth rates, and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. 

Impairment Loss of Investment 

The Company recorded 128,369
for the year ended June 30, 2023 due to the impairment of the Company s investment in LSM Trading Ltd. No impairment loss was recorded
for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Provision for Doubtful Accounts, Net of Recovery 

Our total bad debt expenses amounted to approximately
 2.8 million, mostly due to a 3 million wire transfer made by our former COO, Jing Shan to Goalowen Inc. on May 5, 2023 without the Board s
authorization, as payment for the transfer by Goalowen to the Company of an operating income right to be derived from fishing activities.
The Company has demanded the return of the 3 million but has not been successful. As of June 30, 2023, the Company reviewed the unauthorized
transfer, evaluated the collection possibility, and decided to provide 100 allowance provision with amount of USD 3 million. 

Stock-based Compensation 

Stock-based compensation
was 329,778 for the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of 9,734,844 or 96.7 , as compared to 10,064,622 for the year ended June
30, 2022, as we issued less stock compensation to employees and directors. 

30 

Loss from disposal of subsidiaries and VIE 

On December 31, 2021, the
Company entered into a series of agreements to terminate its VIE structure and deconsolidated its formerly controlled entity Sino-China.
The Company controlled Sino-China through its wholly owned subsidiary Trans Pacific Beijing. The Company made the decision to dissolve
the VIE structure and Sino-China because Sino-China has no active operations and the Company wanted to remove any potential risks associated
with VIE structures. The Company also dissolved its subsidiary Sino-Global Shipping LA, Inc., and on March 14, 2022, the Company discontinued
its subsidiary Sino-Global Shipping Canada, Inc. The total loss related to the three disposals amounted to approximately 6.1 million
for the year ended June 30, 2022. The Company also dissolved its subsidiary Sino-Global Shipping Australia Pty Ltd. SGS AUS in November 2022. 

Since these entities did not
have any active operations prior to their disposal, the disposal did not represent a strategic change in the Company s business.
As such, the disposal was not presented as a discontinued operation. 

Lawsuit settlement expenses 

We recorded 8.4 million in lawsuit settlement
expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to nil in lawsuit settlement expenses for the year ended June 30, 2022. The expenses
were related to the lawsuits in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Financial Advisory Agreement described
in Item 1. Business Litigation. . 

Other Expenses, Net 

Other expenses, net was 0.07
million for the year ended June 30, 2023, which mainly consisted of interest expense for our convertible debt of approximately 0.25
million and the gain on disposal of right of use assets and fixed assets of 0.19 million, compared to 0.1 million of interest expenses
for our convertible debt and other finance charges, net of interest earned in the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Taxes 

Our income tax expenses amounted
to 135,855 and nil for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

We have incurred a cumulative
U.S. federal net operating loss NOL of approximately 22,000,000 as of June 30, 2022, which may reduce future federal
taxable income. The NOL generated for the year ended June 30, 2023 amounted to approximately 19,700,000. The Tax benefit derived from
this NOL was approximately 8,775,000. As of June 30, 2023, our cumulative NOL amounted to approximately 41,700,000. 

Our operations in China
have incurred a cumulative NOL of approximately 1,333,000 as of June 30, 2022, which was mainly from Sino -China which was disposed of
in the year ended June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we generated an additional NOL of approximately 370,000 due to
increased third party service cots as a result of our special committee s investigation. Our PRC subsidiaries cumulative
NOL amounted to approximately 1,703,000 as of June 30, 2023, which may reduce future taxable income and will expire by 2026. 

We periodically evaluate
the likelihood of the realization of our deferred tax assets and reduce the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by a valuation
allowance to the extent we believe a portion will not be realized. Management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that
could affect our future realization of deferred tax assets including our recent cumulative earnings experience, expectation of future
income, the carry forward periods available for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors. We determined that it is more likely
than not our deferred tax assets would not be realized due to uncertainty on future earnings as a result of the Company s reorganization
and venture into new businesses. We provided a 100 allowance for deferred tax assets as of June 30, 2023. The net decrease in valuation
for the year ended June 30, 2023 amounted to approximately 4,696,000 based on management s reassessment of the amount of our deferred
tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the
foregoing, we had a net loss of 23,098,342 for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to a net loss of 28,928,369 for the year
ended June 30, 2022. After the deduction of non-controlling interest, net loss attributable to us was 22,996,846 for the year ended
June 30, 2023, compared to 28,257,830 for the same period in 2022. Comprehensive loss attributable to us was 22,952,349 for the
year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 27,482,995 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

31 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash Flows and Working Capital 

As of June 30, 2023, we had
 17,390,156 in cash (including cash on hand and cash in bank). The majority of our cash is in banks located in the U.S. 

On December 19, 2021, the
Company issued two convertible notes to two non-U.S. investors for an aggregate purchase price of 10,000,000 (the December 2021
Convertible Notes ). The December 2021 Convertible Notes bear interest at 5 annually and may be converted into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of 3.76 per share. At the investors request, we prepaid 5,000,000 in the aggregate principal
amount, without interest, of the December 2021 Convertible Notes on March 8, 2022. Interest for the 5,000,000 principal that was repaid
was waived. 

As of June 30, 2023, we had
the following loan outstanding: 

Loans 
 Maturity 
 Interest rate 
 Amount 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 December 2023 
 5 
 5,000,000 

The following table sets forth
a summary of our cash flows for the periods as indicated: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (33,643,405 
 5,918,070 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,225,708 
 (3,581,676 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (2,125,420 
 8,351,964 
 
 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash 
 (448,593 
 307,607 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (38,443,126 
 10,995,965 
 
 Cash at the beginning of period 
 55,833,282 
 44,837,317 
 
 Cash at the end of period 
 17,390,156 
 55,833,282 

The following table sets forth a summary of our
working capital: 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Variation 

Total Current Assets 
 18,192,716 
 63,165,462 
 (44,972,746 
 (71 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 5,031,769 
 25,212,959 
 (20,181,190 
 (80 
 
 Working Capital 
 13,160,947 
 37,952,503 
 (24,791,556 
 (65 
 
 Current Ratio 
 3.62 
 2.51 
 1.11 
 44 

In assessing the liquidity,
we monitor and analyze our cash on-hand and our operating and capital expenditure commitments. Our liquidity needs are to meet our working
capital requirements, operating expenses and capital expenditure obligations. As of June 30, 2023, our working capital was approximately
 13.2 million and we had cash of approximately 17.4 million. We believe our current working capital is sufficient to support our operations
and debt obligations as they become due within one year from the date of this Report. 

32 

Operating Activities 

Our
net cash used in operating activities was approximately 33.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. The operating cash outflow
for the year ended June 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to our net loss of approximately 23.1 million which included a 8.4
million lawsuit settlement. Our cash outflow also included deferred revenue of approximately 6.9 million where we realized revenue
from the sale of crypto mining equipment and a decrease in refund payable of 13.0 million as a result of the settlement payment to
SOSNY, offset by cash inflow consisting of advance to a related party supplier of approximately 6.2 million which we realized as
the cost for the sale of cryptocurrency equipment. 

Our net cash provided by operating
activities was approximately 5.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The operating cash inflow for the year ended June 30, 2022
was primarily attributable to our net loss of approximately 28.9 million, adjusted by non-cash stock-based compensation of approximately
 10.0 million, loss on disposal of subsidiaries and VIE of approximately 6.1 million and provision for doubtful accounts of approximately
 1.6 million. We had an increase in cash inflow of other receivables of approximately 1.4 million and we received a total of 47.0 million
from SOSNY, approximately 34.1 million was an advanced payment we received for the sale of cryptocurrency mining machines, while we refunded
 13.0 million to SOSNY in December 2022. Our cash inflow was decreased by an advance to a related party supplier of approximately 34.1
million which was for the purchase of cryptocurrency mining machines. 

Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately 2.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. This is mainly due to an amount of
 3.0 million paid to Goalowen Inc. with an operating income right transfer contract. We also had cash inflows from repayment of a loan
receivable of approximately 0.5 million from Qinggang Wang and Lei Cao, who are related parties, and 0.09 million from the sale of property
and equipment, and repayments from related parties of approximately 0.3 million, 

Net cash used in investing
activities was approximately 3.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 due to the acquisition of property and equipment of approximately
 0.9 million and an investment of approximately 0.2 million to a 40 owned joint venture. We made an additional loan of 0.5 million
to Wang Qinggang, a related party to the Company, and CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai which is due in June 2024.
 We also made related party advances of approximately 1.9 million, which includes 1.3 million
to Shanghai Baoyin which is 30 owned by Wang Qinggang, and approximately 0.6 million in advances
to LSM Trading Ltd, of which we hold a 40 ownership interest. The outstanding personal loan owed by Wang Qinggang was fully repaid in December 2022. The Company is taking actions in order to pursue
all available legal remedies including lawsuits to recover the 0.6 million advanced to LSM Trading Ltd. 

Financing Activities 

Financing activities for
the year ended June 30, 2023 was mainly payment of 2.1 million for fair value of shares to be cancelled in our legal settlement. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was approximately 8.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 due to issuances of common stock in private placements of approximately
 10.5 million and proceeds from convertible notes of 10 million, repayment of convertible notes of 5.0 million and warrant repurchase
of approximately 7.9 million. We also had cash from warrants exercise of approximately 0.9 million and repayment of Economic Injury
Disaster Loan. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and the Company s
discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company s management to make judgments, assumptions
and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to the financial
statements included elsewhere in this Report describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s
consolidated financial statements. There have been no material changes to the Company s critical accounting estimates since the
date of this Report. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

33 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The Company s financial
statements and the related notes, together with the report of Audit Alliance LLP, are set forth following the signature pages of this
Report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation of its management, including the Company s Chief
Operating Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on
the foregoing evaluation, the Chief Operating Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by
the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the applicable rules and forms due to ineffective internal controls over financial reporting as more fully described
below. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: 

pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s
assets; 

provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S.
GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of its management
and directors; and 

provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management conducted an assessment
of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on
the Company s assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the
following material weaknesses for the year ended and as of June 30, 2023: 

Lack
of segregation of duties for accounting personnel who prepared and reviewed the journal entries in some of the subsidiaries within the
consolidation, lack of supervision, coordination and communication of financial information between different entities within the Group; 

Lack of a full time U.S. GAAP personnel in the accounting department to monitor the recording of the transactions which led to error in revenue recognition in previously issued financial statements; 

Lack of resources with technical competency to address, review and record non-routine or complex transactions under U.S. GAAP; 

Lack of management control reviews of the budget against actual with analysis of the variance with a precision that can be explained through the analysis of the accounts; 

Lack of proper procedures in identifying and recording related party transactions which led to restatement of previously issued financial statements (See Note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statement footnotes); 

Lack
of proper procedures to maintain supporting documents for accounting record; and 

Lack
of proper oversight for the Company s cash disbursement process that led to misuse of the Company funds by its former executive. 

34 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In order to remediate the
material weaknesses stated above, we intend to implement the following measures, policies and procedures: 

Hiring
additional accounting staff to report the internal financial timely; 

Reporting
other material and non-routine transactions to the Board and obtain proper approval; 

Recruiting
additional qualified professionals with appropriate levels of U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to assist in resolving accounting issues
in non-routine or complex transactions; 

Developing
and conducting U.S. GAAP knowledge, SEC reporting and internal control training to senior executives, management personnel, accounting
departments and the IT staff, so that management and key personnel understand the requirements and elements of internal control over
financial reporting mandated by the U.S. securities laws; 

Setting up budgets and developing expectations based on understanding of the business operations, compare the actual results with the expectations periodically and document the reasons for the fluctuations with further analysis. This should be done by CFO and reviewed by CEO upon their communications with the Board; 

Strengthening our corporate governance; 

Setting
up policies and procedures for the Company s related party identification to properly identify, record and disclose related party
transactions; and 

Setting
up proper procedures for the Company s fund disbursement process to ensure that cash is disbursed only upon proper authorization,
for valid business purposes, and that all disbursements are properly recorded. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change in
our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

35 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions Held 
 
 Ziyuan Liu 
 
 34 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board 
 
 Ying Cao 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Xu Zhao 
 
 37 
 
 Director 
 
 Haotian Song 
 
 33 
 
 Director 
 
 Zhongliang Xie 
 
 52 
 
 Director 

Ziyuan Liu 

Mr. Ziyuan Liu has been our
Chief Executive Officer since April 2023 and a director and chairman of the Board since May 2023. Before joining the Company, Mr. Liu
served as the manager of the North American market development department in Fulongma Group Co., Ltd., a comprehensive environmental sanitation
solutions provider in China, from July 2022 to April 2023. Prior to that, he worked for Ningbo Shunxiang Group Co., Ltd., a polyester
film manufacturer in China, as the chief operating officer from July 2019 to July 2022. From July 2018 to June 2019, he served as the
project manager for Shouhang New Energy, a solar photovoltaics and energy storage solutions supplier in China. Prior to that, he worked
for Hongkun Group, a real estate developer based in China, as the general manger for the Shenzhen area from July 2015 to June 2018. Mr.
Liu graduated from Wuhan Institute of Technology with a major in project management. 

Ying Cao 

Mr.
Ying Cao has been our Chief Financial Officer since August 2023. He has served as the department
manager and quality control manager at Shaanxi Huaqiang Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd. since 2015. Prior to that, he served as
a project manager in Sigma Accounting Firm from 2007 to 2014. Mr. Cao obtained his bachelor s degree in accounting from Xi an
University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Ying Cao is a Certified Public Accountant in China. 

Xu Zhao 

Mr. Xu Zhao has been a
director since September 2023. Mr. Zhao has worked as the president of Shijiazhuang Juminhui Technology Co., Ltd., a Chinese trading
company since March 2023. He was the regional manager for Hebei Province of Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., a Chinese
pharmaceutical company from September 2009 to July 2022. Mr. Zhao received his bachelor s degree in marketing from Nankai
University Binhai College in 2009. 

Haotian Song 

Mr. Haotian Song has been
a director since May 2023. Mr. Song is the founder and chief executive officer of HT Processing, a cross-border payment system provider
with extensive knowledge into Chinese consumer spending habits in hospitality and retail industries, from June 2017 to April 2023. Prior
to that, he served as the chief operating officer of Calabash Brothers LLC, an Asian e-commerce logistics company, from November 2021
to April 2022. From August 2013 to August 2017, Mr. Song worked for Go To Travel, a travel agency company providing Asian tour operators
with exclusive wholesale access to top attraction tickets in the east coast, as its general manager. Mr. Song received his bachelor s
degree in business administration from Baruch College of the City University of New York in 2013. 

36 

Zhongliang Xie 

Mr. Zhongliang Xie has been
a director since July 2023. He has served as the General Manager of Zhongxing Cai Guanghua Certified Public Accountants, Shaanxi Branch
since January 2019. He has also served as the vice president of Shanxi NEEQ Federation since January 2017, and an Internal Committee member
of Shanxi Provincial Equity Exchange Center since August 2021. From April 2008 to December 2018, he worked as the General Manager of Beijing
Xinghua Certified Public Accountants, Xi an Branch. From May 2005 to April 2008, he was the Controller of Zhongyi Far East Import
 Export Co., Ltd. Mr. Xie graduated from Bao Ji University majoring in Enterprise Management. He is a Certified Public Accountant,
Certified Public Valuer and Registered Cost Engineer in China. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge,
none of our current directors or executive officer has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar
misdemeanors, or has been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past ten years that resulted in a judgment,
decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities
laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state securities or commodities laws, any laws respecting financial institutions or
insurance companies, any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud in connection with any business entity or been subject to any
disciplinary sanctions or orders imposed by a stock, commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory organization, except
for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement. 

Board Diversity Matrix 

Pursuant to the Nasdaq s
Board Diversity Rules, below is the Company s board diversity matrix outlining diversity statistics regarding our Board. 

Board Diversity Matrix as of September 25, 2023 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 5 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 1 
 4 

Part II: Demographic Background 

Asian 
 
 5 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires that our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, file reports of
ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders are required
by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of the forms received
by us and written representations from certain reporting persons that they have complied with the relevant filing requirements, we believe
that, during the year ended June 30, 2023, all of our executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders complied
with all Section 16(a) filing requirements, except that, due to administrative errors, the following forms were filed late: 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial
reporting. The code of business conduct and ethics is available at our website at www.singularity.us . We expect that any amendments
to the code, or any waivers of its requirement, will be disclosed on our website. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our Board has three standing
committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The composition and function
of each committee are described below. 

37 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee consists
of Zhongliang Xie and Xu Zhao, who are each independent. Mr. Xie chairs the Audit Committee and qualifies as the audit
committee financial expert. Our Audit Committee has adopted a written charter, and a copy of this charter is posted on the Company s
website, at www.singularity.us . Under such charter, our Audit Committee is authorized to: 

prepare and publish an annual Committee report as required by the SEC to be included in the Company s annual proxy statement; 

discuss with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements, including the Company s disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other matters required to be reviewed under applicable legal, regulatory, professional or NASDAQ requirements; 

discuss with management and the independent auditor, as appropriate, any audit problems or difficulties and management s response; 

discuss with management the Company s risk assessment and risk management policies, including the Company s major financial risk exposure and steps taken by management to monitor and mitigate such exposure; 

review the Company s financial reporting and accounting standards and principles, significant changes in such standards or principles or in their application and the key accounting decisions affecting the Company s financial statements, including alternatives to, and the rationale for, the decisions made; 

review and approve the internal corporate audit staff functions, including: (i) purpose, authority and organizational reporting lines; (ii) annual audit plans, budget and staffing; and (iii) concurrence in the appointment, termination, compensation and rotation of the audit staff; 

review, with such members of management as the Committee deems appropriate, the Company s internal system of audit and financial controls and the results of internal audits; 

obtain and review at least annually a formal written report from the independent auditor delineating: the auditing firms internal quality-control procedures; any material issues raised within the preceding five years by the auditing firms internal quality-control reviews, by peer reviews of the firm, or by any governmental or other inquiry or investigation relating to any audit conducted by the firm. The Committee will also review steps taken by the auditing firm to address any findings in any of the foregoing reviews. Also, in order to assess auditor independence, the Committee will review at least annually all relationships between the independent auditor and the Company; 

set policies for the hiring of employees or former employees of the Company s independent auditor and, at least annually, evaluate the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditors, including an evaluation of the lead audit partner; and to assure the regular rotation of the lead audit partner at our independent auditors and consider regular rotation of the accounting firm serving as our independent auditors; 

review and investigate any matters pertaining to the integrity of management, including conflicts of interest, or adherence to standards of business conduct as required in the policies of the Company. This should include regular reviews of the compliance processes in general. In connection with these reviews, the Committee will meet, as deemed appropriate, with the general counsel and other Company officers or employees; 

retain such outside counsel, experts and other advisors as the Committee may deem appropriate in its sole discretion; 

review at least annually the adequacy of this charter and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval and assume additional responsibilities and take additional actions as may be delegated to it by the Board; 

establish procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints on accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, as well as for confidential, anonymous submissions by Company employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; 

conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities contained in this charter, communicate directly with the independent audit firm and any employee of the Company, and conduct its activities in accordance with the policies and principles contained in the Company s Corporate Governance Principles. 

38 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee is composed of three
independent directors including Zhongliang Xie and Xu Zhao. Our Compensation Committee has adopted a written charter, and a copy of this
charter is posted on our website, at www.singularity.us . Our Compensation Committee is authorized to: 

review and determine the compensation arrangements for management; 

establish and review general compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior talent, to reward individual performance and to achieve our financial goals; 

review and determine our stock incentive and purchase plans; 

oversee the evaluation of the board of directors and management; and 

review the independence of any compensation advisers. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
is composed of three independent directors including Zhongliang Xie and Xu Zhao. Xu Zhao serves as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has adopted a written charter, and a copy of this charter is posted
on our website, at www.singularity.us. The functions of our Governance Committee, among other things, include: 

identifying individuals qualified to become board members and recommending directors; 

nominating board members for committee membership; 

developing and recommending to our board corporate governance guidelines; 

reviewing and determining the compensation arrangements for directors; and 

overseeing the evaluation of our Board and its committees and management. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of the members of our Compensation Committee,
at any time has at any time, been one of our officers or employees, or, during the last two fiscal years, a participant in a related-party
transaction that is required to be disclosed. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member
of our Board or Compensation Committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers on our Board or Compensation Committee. 

39 

Item 11.
Executive Compensation. 

The following table shows
the annual compensation paid by us to Mr. Lei Cao, our former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Ms. Yang Jie, our former Chief Executive
Officer and director, Ms. Tuo Pan, our former Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Zhikang Huang, our former Vice President, Mr. Jing Shan, our
former Chief Operating Officer, Ziyuan Liu, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dianjiang Wang, our Chief Financial Officer for the years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Name 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Securities- based Compensation 
 All other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Lei Cao, 
 2022 
 426,609 (2) 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 427,409 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (1)(6) 
 2023 
 261364 

261364 

Tuo Pan, 
 2022 
 302,973 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 303,773 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer (2)(7) 
 2023 
 66667 

66667 

Zhikang Huang, 
 2022 
 275,000 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 275,800 
 
 Former Vice President and Director (3)(8) 
 2023 
 150000 
 666 

150666 

Jing Shan, 
 2022 
 143,333 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 144,133 
 
 Chief Operating Officer (4) 
 2023 
 223185 
 92332 

315517 

Yang
Jie, (5) 
 2022 
 500,000 
 800 
 - 
 - 
 500,800 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and director (9) 
 2023 
 52,536 

52,536 

Ziyuan Liu 
 2022 

Chief
 Executive Officer (10) 
 2023 
 49,000 

49,000 

Dianjiang Wang 
 2022 

Chief Financial Officer (11) 
 2023 
 10,000 

10,000 

(1) 
 According to the Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2019, Mr. Cao s annual salary was 260,000, effective January 1, 2019. According to the Employment Agreement dated November 1, 2021, Mr. Cao s annual salary was 500,000, effective November 1, 2021. 

(2) 
 According to the Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2019, Ms. Pan s annual salary was 100,000, effective January 1, 2019. According to the Employment Agreement dated November 1, 2021, Ms. Pan s annual salary was 400,000, effective November 1, 2021. 

(3) 
 According to the Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2019, Mr. Huang s annual salary was 150,000, effective January 1, 2019. 

(4) 
 According to the Employment Agreement dated August 5, 2021, Ms. Shan s annual salary was 120,000, effective August 5, 2021. According to the Employment Agreement dated February 8, 2022, Ms. Shan s annual salary was 200,000, effective February 8, 2022 and was raised to 250,000 since August 15, 2022. Pursuant to the cancellation agreement entered into on December 28, 2022, Ms. Shan agreed to return to the Company for cancellation 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company granted to her for her services as an officer of the Company. The shares are being cancelled. 

(5) 
 Pursuant to the cancellation agreement entered into on December 19, 2022, Mr. Jie agreed to return to the Company for cancellation 300,000 shares of common stock of the Company granted to him for his services as an officer of the Company. The shares have been cancelled. 

(6) 
 On November 1, 2021, Mr. Cao, retired from his position as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cao resigned from the Board on January 9, 2023. Pursuant to the separation agreement entered into on January 9, 2023, Mr. Cao agreed to forfeit and return to the Company for cancellation 600,000 shares of common stock of the Company granted to him on August 13, 2021 under the terms of the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. The shares are being cancelled. 

40 

(7) 
 On August 31, 2022, Ms. Pan was terminated for cause as an employee and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and from any other position at any subsidiary of the Company to which she has been appointed. Ms. Pan was terminated for cause in accordance with the terms of her Employment Agreement dated November 9, 2021 and did not receive any salary or benefits from the Company except those earned through August 31, 2022. 

(8) 
 On November 1, 2021, Mr. Huang resigned from his position as a member of the Board of the Company. 

(9) 
 
 On August 9, 2022, Mr. Jie resigned as Chief Executive
 Officer and director, following the Board s decision on August 8, 2022, which adopted the Special Committee s recommendation
 that Mr. Jie be suspended immediately. 

(10) 
 According to the Employment Agreement dated April 18, 2023, Mr. Liu s compensation consists of an annual base salary of 240,000 in cash and a discretionary annual bonus, effective April 18, 2023. 

(11) 
 According to the Employment Agreement dated May 1, 2023, Mr. Wang s compensation consists of an annual base salary of 60,00, and a discretionary annual bonus, effective May 1, 2023. 

Outstanding Equity Awards of Named Executive
Officers at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Director Compensation 

The table below sets forth the compensation
received by our directors in the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Name (1) 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 John Levy (3) 
 37,500 
 - 
 - 
 159,565 (2) 
 197,065 
 
 Heng Wang 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 167,029 (2) 
 217,029 
 
 Tieliang Liu (4) 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 125,000 
 
 Haotian Song 
 6,667 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,667 
 
 Ling Jiang (5) 
 8,333 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8,333 
 
 Ziyuan Liu 
 49,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 49,000 

(1) 
 This table does not include Mr. Ziyuan Liu, our Chief Executive Officer and director, Mr. Lei Cao, our former Chief Executive Officer and former director, Mr. Zhikang Huang, our former director and Vice President, and Mr. Yang Jie, our former Chief Executive Officer and director whose compensation is fully reflected in the Summary Compensation Table. 

(2) 
 Represents compensation paid to Mr. Levy and Mr. Wang for their services as Chairman and member of the Special Committee, respectively, for the period July 2022 to February 2023. 

(3) 
 On February 23, 2023, Mr. John Levy resigned as a director of the Board and member of the Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee. 

(4) 
 On July 3, 2023, Mr. Tieliang Liu resigned as a director. 

(5) 
 On September 28, 2023, Ms. Ling Jiang resigned as a director. 

Employment Agreements 

The Company has an employment
agreement with Mr. Ziyuan Liu, our Chief Executive Officer. The employment agreement began on April 18, 2022, with a term of one year.
The term shall automatically be extended for a one-year period in the absence of notice of non-renewal provided at least 30 days prior
to the anniversary date of the employment agreement. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Liu will receive an annual base
salary of 240,000 in cash, and a discretionary annual bonus. 

The Company has an employment
agreement with Mr. Dianjiang Wang, our Chief Financial Officer. The employment agreement began on May 1, 2022, with a term of one year.
The term shall automatically be extended for a one-year period in the absence of notice of non-renewal provided at least 30 days prior
to the anniversary date of the employment agreement. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Liu will receive an annual base
salary of 60,000 in cash, and a discretionary annual bonus. 

The Company had an employment
agreement with Jing Shan, our former Chief Operating Officer. The employment agreement began on February 8, 2022 and was scheduled to
end on August 4, 2024. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Ms. Shan received a base salary of 200,000 per year. Her performance
and salary were subject to review at any time, and any increases in her salary that our Board may determine, were to be made on a basis
consistent with the standard practices of our Company. On August 15, 2022, the Board approved an increase of Ms. Shan s annual salary
from 200,000 to 250,000 and she was paid a cash bonus of 50,000 upon conclusion of the Special Committee investigation. On July 10,
2023, Company terminated the employment of Ms. Shan for cause. 

41 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of September 25, 2023, for (i) each named executive officer
and director, and (ii) all executive officers and directors as a group. As of September 25, 2023, there was no stockholder known to be
the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i)
over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has
the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants. Unless otherwise
indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised
solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children. In the table below, percentage ownership
is based on 17,515,526 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of September 25, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of 
 Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Ziyuan Liu 
 - 

Ying Cao 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ling Jiang 
 - 

Haotian Song 
 - 

Zhongliang Xie 
 - 

Xu Zhao 
 - 

All directors and executive officers as a group (Six individuals) 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 The individual s address is c/o Singularity Future Technology, Ltd., 98 Cutter Mill Road, Suite 311, Great Neck, New York 11021. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance to Our Officers,
Directors, Employees and Consultants under Equity Compensation Plans 

The below table reflects,
as of September 25, 2023, the number of shares of common stock authorized by our stockholders to be issued (directly or by way of issuance
of securities exercisable for or convertible into) as incentive compensation to our officers, directors, employees and consultants. 

Plan category 
 Number of 
 securities to be 
issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and 
rights (a) 
 Weighted- 
 average exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants and 
 rights (b) 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans under the 2008 Incentive Plan approved by security holders 
 2,000 
 10.05 
 47,781 (1) 

Equity compensation plans under the 2014 Incentive Plan approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 110,000 (1) 

Equity compensation plans under the 2021 Incentive Plan approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 9,800,000 (1) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 
 Pursuant to our 2008 Incentive Plan, we are authorized
 to issue options to purchase 60,581 shares of our common stock. The 2,000 outstanding options disclosed in the above table are taken from
 the 2008 Incentive Plan. Pursuant to our 2014 Incentive Plan, we are authorized to issue, in the aggregate, 2,000,000 shares of common
 stock or other securities convertible or exercisable for common stock. We granted options to purchase an aggregate of 30,000 shares of
 common stock under the 2014 Incentive Plan in July 2016, among which, options to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock have been exercised.
 In addition, we have issued, in the aggregate, 120,000 shares of common stock to consultants to our Company in 2014, 132,000 shares of
 common stock to our officers and directors in 2016, 132,000 shares of common stock to our officers and directors in 2018, 26,000 to three
 employees in 2017 and 316,000 shares of common stock to employees in 2018. On September 2021, the board granted 1,020,000 shares of common
 stock to our officers and directors under the 2014 Incentive Plan. 
 
 Accordingly,
 we may issue options to purchase 47,781 shares under the 2008 Incentive Plan, and we may issue 110,000 and 9,800,000 shares
 of common stock or other securities convertible or exercisable for common stock under the 2014 Incentive Plan and the 2021 Incentive plan
 respectively. Pursuant to certain agreements, the 600,000 shares issued to Lei Cao under the 2014 Incentive Plan, and the 300,000
 and 100,000 shares issued to Yang Jie and Jing Shan, respectively, under the 2021 Incentive Plan, have been canceled. 

42 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related Transactions 

Set forth below are our transactions with related
persons for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Advance to Related Party Suppliers 

The Company s advances to related party suppliers
are as follows: 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Bitcoin mining hardware and other equipment (1) 
 - 
 6,153,546 
 
 Total Advances to suppliers-related party 
 - 
 6,153,546 

(1) 
 On January 10, 2022, the Company s joint venture, Thor Miner, entered into a Purchase and Sales Agreement PSA with HighSharp. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Thor Miner agreed to purchase certain cryptocurrency mining equipment. In January and April 2022, Thor Miner made total prepayment of 35,406,649 for the order and no prepayment as of June 30, 2023. 

Due to production issues from HighSharp,
Thor Miner was not able to timely deliver the full quantity of cryptocurrency mining machines to SOSNY under the PSA and was sued by SOSNY
for breach of contract on December 9, 2022. 

The Company entered into a settlement
agreement with SOSNY effective on December 28, 2022, under which the Company will repay 13.0 million to SOSNY and terminate the
previous agreements and balance of the deposits. The Company also assigned to SOSNY the right for the deposit that Thor Miner has paid
to HighSharp. 

As of December 22, 2022, the balance
of advances to HighSharp and deposits from SOSNY amounted to 27,927,583 and 40,560,569, respectively. Thor Miner paid 13.0 million
on December 23, 2022 to SOSNY which was received by SOSNY on December 28, 2022. Thor Miner wrote off the balance of the deposit it received
from SOSNY and the balance of its payment to HighSharp resulted in net bad debt expenses of 367,014. 

Due from Related Party 

As of June 30, 2023 and June
30, 2022, the outstanding amounts due from related parties consist of the following: 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd (1) 
 458,607 
 415,412 
 
 Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd (2) 
 1,068,014 
 1,306,004 
 
 LSM Trading Ltd (3) 
 570,000 
 570,000 
 
 Rich Trading Co. Ltd (4) 
 103,424 
 103,424 
 
 Cao Lei (5) 
 13,166 
 54,860 
 
 Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (2,138,276 
 (2,449,700 
 
 Total 
 74,935 
 - 

(1) 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company advanced 458,607 and 415,412 to Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd Zhejiang Jinbang which is 30 owned by Mr. Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided allowance of 383,672 and 415,412 for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the allowance changes as a result of changes in exchange rates. 

(2) 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company advanced approximately 1.1 million and 1.3 million to Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd. which is 30 owned by Qinggang Wang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided full credit losses for the balance of the receivable. 

(3) 
 As of June 30, 2023, the
Company advanced 570,000 to LSM Trading Ltd, which is 40 owned by the Company. The advance is non-interest bearing and due
on demand. The Company provided full credit losses for the balance of the receivable. The Company is taking actions in order to pursue
all available legal remedies including lawsuits to recover these funds. 

(4) 
 On November 16, 2021, the Company entered into a project cooperation agreement with Rich Trading Co. Ltd USA Rich Trading for the trading of computer equipment. Rich Trading s bank account was controlled by now-terminated members of the Company s management and was, at the time, an undisclosed related party. According to the agreement, the Company was to invest 4.5 million in the trading business operated by Rich Trading and the Company would be entitled to 90 of profits generated by the trading business. The Company advanced 3,303,424 for this project, of which 3,200,000 has been returned to the Company. The Company provided allowance of 103,424 for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

(5) 
 The amount represents business advances to Mr. Lei Cao, the former Chairman of the Board. During the six months ended June 30, 2023, Lei Cao repaid approximately 54,000, of which approximately 13,000 additional payment was recognized as non-operating income. The Company provided full credit losses for the remaining balance of the receivable. 

43 

Loan Receivable- Related Parties 

As of June 30, 2023 and June
30, 2022, the outstanding loan receivable from related parties consists of the following: 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Wang Qinggang (1) 
 - 
 552,285 

(1) On
June 10, 2021, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai
Ltd. The loan is was non-interest bearing for a loan amount of up to 630,805 (RMB 4 million). In February 2022, Wang Qinggang,
borrowed and repaid 232,340 of the loan amount. In June 2022, an additional 552,285 (RMB 3,700,000) was loaned to Wang Qinggang with
a due date of June 7, 2024. The outstanding loan was fully repaid in December 2022 . 

Accounts payable- related parties 

As of June 30, 2023 and June
30, 2022, the Company had accounts payable to Rich Trading Co. Ltd of 63,434. 

Due to Related Party 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company
owed Qinggang Wang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai, of 104,962. These payments were made on behalf of the
Company for the daily operational activities. 

Revenue - Related Party 

For the year ended June 30,
2023, the company had no revenue from a related party. For the year ended June 30, 2022, revenue from related party, Zhejiang Jinbang,
to which the Company provided logistics services including coal transportation, amounted to 222,963. 

Director Independence 

Our Board has determined that each of Zhongliang
Xie and Xu Zhao is an independent director as defined by the applicable SEC rules and Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

Set forth below are the aggregate
fees billed by Audit Alliance LLP, our independent registered accounting firm, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022
for services rendered by them as our independent registered accounting firm for such years. 

Fiscal 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 390,100 
 115,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Audit Audit-related fees 
 390,100 
 115,000 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fees 
 390,100 
 115,000 

Audit fees consist of
fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of our financial statements included in our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings. 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and not reported under Audit fees. No such fees were billed in fiscal 2023 or 2022. 

Tax fees consist of fees billed
for professional services related to the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns and tax advice. No such fees were
billed by Audit Alliance LLP in fiscal 2023 or 2022. The Audit Committee pre-approved all Audit-related fees. After considering the provision
of services encompassed within the above disclosures about fees, the Audit Committee has determined that the provision of such services
is compatible with maintaining Audit Alliance s independence. 

The Audit Committee s
policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided
for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to
a specific budget.. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the full Audit
Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval
and the fees for the services performed to date. 

44 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Singularity Future Technology, Ltd. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (3) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws of Singularity Future Technology, Ltd. (4) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate for Common Stock (4) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant to purchase Common Stock dated March 12, 2018 (5) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Series B Warrant to purchase Common Stock dated March 12, 2018 (6) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 2020 (7) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant to purchase Common Stock (8) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated December 14, 2021 (9) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Ms. Jing Shan and Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd., dated as of August 5, 2021 (10) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Mr. Ziyuan Liu and the Company, dated April 18, 2022 (11) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Mr. Dianjiang Wang and the Company, dated May 1, 2022 (12) 
 
 10.4 
 
 The Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (13) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Strategic Alliance Agreement by and between Shenzhen HighSharp Electronic Ltd. And the Company, dated October 3, 2021 (14) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Offer Letter by and between Mr. Heng Wang and the Company, dated as of November 1, 2021 (15) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated as of December 2021 (16) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 2021 (17) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Senior Convertible Note, dated as of December 2021 (18) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 2022 (19) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Thor Miner, Inc. and the Company, dated January 10, 2022 (20) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Ms. Jing Shan and the Company, dated February 8, 2022 (21) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Note, dated as of March 2022 (22) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement by and between Golden Mainland Inc. and the Company, dated April 10, 2022 (23) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Settlement Agreement by and between SOS Information Technology New York, Inc. and Thor Miner, Inc., the Company, Lei Cao, Yang Jie, John F. Levy, Tieliang Liu, Tuo Pan, Shi Qiu, Jing Shan, and Heng Wang (24) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Separation Agreement by and between the Company and Lei Cao, dated as of January 9, 2023 (25) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Placement Agreement by and between Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. and Maxim Group LLC, dated as of February 5, 2021 (26) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Services Agreement by and between the Company and Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics of the Company (27) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Audit Alliance LLP 
 
 31 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

45 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2014. 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022. 

(3) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration Nos. 333-150858 and 333-148611. 

(5) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2018. 

(6) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2018. 

(7) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2020. 

(8) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2021. 

(9) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2021. 

(10) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2021. 

(11) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2021. 

(12) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2021. 

(13) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on August 27, 2021. 

(14) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2021. 

(15) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2021. 

(16) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2021. 

(17) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2021. 

(18) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021. 

(19) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2022. 

(20) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2022. 

(21) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2022. 

(22) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2022. 

(23) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2022. 

(24) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2023. 

(25) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2023. 

(26) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 8, 2021. 

(27) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on September 29, 2008 (File No. 001-34024). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

We have elected not to include a summary pursuant
to this Item 16. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. 

September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ziyuan
 Liu 

Ziyuan Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ziyuan Liu 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Ziyuan Liu 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Haotian Song 
 
 Director 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Haotian Song 

/s/ Zhongliang Xie 
 
 Director 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Zhongliang Xie 

/s/ Xu Zhao 
 
 Director 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Xu Zhao 

/s/ Ying Cao 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Ying Cao 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

47 

Index to Financial Statements 

Pages 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 3487) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated statements of shareholders equity 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Singularity Future Technology Ltd. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of June 30, 2023
and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years
then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and schedule (collectively, the financial statements). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial positions of the Company as of June 30, 2023
and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Audit Alliance LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since October 28, 2020 

) 

September 28, 2023 

F- 2 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY,
LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Cryptocurrencies 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables, net 

Advances to suppliers - third parties 

Advances to suppliers - related party 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Due from related party 
 
 -

Loan receivable-related parties, net 
 -

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Other long-term assets - deposits 

Investment in unconsolidated entity 
 -

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Refund payable 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related party 

Lease liabilities - current 

Taxes payable 

Due to related party 
 
 -

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liabilities - noncurrent 

Convertible notes 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Equity 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, no par value, no shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, shares authorized, no par value; and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30,2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Stockholders Equity attributable to controlling
 shareholders of the Company 

Non-controlling Interest 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY,
LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment loss of investment 
 
 -

Impairment loss of cryptocurrencies 

Impairment loss of fixed assets and intangible assets 

Provision for doubtful accounts, net 

Stock-based compensation 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Loss from disposal of subsidiary and VIE 

Lawsuit settlement expenses 
 
 -

Other income (expenses), net 

Net loss before provision for income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to controlling shareholders of the Company. 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income - foreign currency 

Comprehensive loss 

Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to controlling shareholders
 of the Company. 

Loss per share 

Basic and diluted

Weighted average number of common shares used in computation 

Basic and diluted

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY,
LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Shares 
to be 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated other
 comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 cancelled 
 deficit 
 loss 
 interest 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE, June 30, 2021(Restated) 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock to
 private placement 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to
 private investors 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation to
 employee 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation to
 consultants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cashless exercise of stock warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant repurchase 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Disposal 
 of VIE and subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE, June 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock based compensation
 to consultants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cancellation of stock compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancellation of shares due
 to settlement 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE, June 30, 2023 
 - 
 - 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY,
LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash lease expense 

Provision for doubtful accounts, net 

Impairment loss of fixed assets and intangible asset 

Gain on disposal of ROU 
 
 -

(Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Loss on disposal of subsidiaries 

Impairment loss of investment 
 
 -

Impairment loss of cryptocurrencies 

Investment loss from unconsolidated subsidiary 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Advances to suppliers third parties 

Advances to suppliers related party 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other long-term assets deposits 

Deferred revenue 

Refund payable 

Accounts payable 

Taxes payable 

Lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 
 
 -

Loan receivable related parties 

Investment in unconsolidated entity 
 -

Advance to related parties 

Repayment from related parties 
 
 -

Amount paid to Goalowen 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 
 -
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 -

Warrant exercise 
 -

Proceeds from convertible notes 
 -

Repayment of convertible notes 
 -

Warrant repurchase 
 -

Repayment of loan payable 
 -

Payment of legal settlement to cancel shares 
 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental information 

Income taxes paid 
 -
 
 -

Interest paid 
 -

Non-cash transactions of operating and investing activities 

Initial recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 
 -

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY,
LTD. AND AFFILIATES 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 7 

Sino-Global Shipping HK Ltd. SGS HK 

Thor Miner Inc. Thor Miner 

Trans Pacific Shipping Ltd. Trans Pacific Beijing 

Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. Trans
 Pacific Shanghai 

Ningbo Saimeinuo Web Technology Ltd. SGS Ningbo 

Blumargo IT Solution Ltd. Blumargo 

Gorgeous Trading Ltd Gorgeous Trading 

Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. Brilliant
 Warehouse 

Phi Electric Motor In. Phi 

SG Shipping Risk Solution
 Inc( SGSR 

SG Link LLC SG Link 

F- 8 

of Sino-China s net income. 

million for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

1USD: AUD 

1USD: HKD 

and , respectively, were maintained at
financial institutions in the PRC. and nil of these balances are not covered by insurance as the deposit insurance system in
China only insured each depositor at one bank for a maximum of approximately (RMB ). As of, June 30, 2023 and
June 30, 2022, cash balances of and , respectively, were maintained at U.S. financial institutions. and
 of these balances are not covered by insurance, as each U.S. account was insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
or other programs subject to limitations. The Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board pays compensation up to a limit of HKD 
(approximately if the bank with which an individual/a company holds its eligible deposit fails. As of June 30, 2023 and June
30, 2022, cash balances of and , respectively, were maintained at financial institutions in Hong Kong, and 
and nil of these balances are not covered by insurance. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, cash balances of nil and , respectively,
were maintained at Australia financial institutions, and were insured as the Australian government guarantees deposits up to AUD 
(approximately ). As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, amount of deposits the Company had covered by insurance amounted to
 and , respectively. 

F- 11 

years 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 - years 
 
 Computer and office equipment 
 - years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 
 
 System software 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Mining equipment 
 years 

. And no impairments were recorded for
the years ended June 30, 2022. 

to , and other factors, such as representation
on the board of directors, voting rights and the impact of commercial arrangements, are considered in determining whether the equity
method of accounting is appropriate. Under this method of accounting, the Company records its proportionate share of the net earnings
or losses of equity method investees and a corresponding increase or decrease to the investment balances. Dividends received from the
equity method investments are recorded as reductions in the cost of such investments. The Company generally considers an ownership interest
of or higher to represent significant influence. The Company accounts for the investments in entities over which it has neither control
nor significant influence, and no readily determinable fair value is available, using the investment cost minus any impairment, if necessary. 

equity interest. Mr. Shanming Liang subsequently
transferred his shares to Guanxi Golden Bridge Industry Group Co., Ltd in October 2021. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company
invested and recorded investment loss in LSM. The joint venture has not started its operations due to COVID-19.As we
could not get the financial information of the investee, we determined to provide full impairment of our equity investment. The Company
recorded impairment loss for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

F- 12 

F- 13 

and for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Refund payable amounted to nil and for the
year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively as a result of termination of the contract with customer (See Note 21 for details). 

Shipping agency and management services 
 -
 
 -

Freight logistics services 

Total 

U.S. 

Total revenues 

F- 14 

based on the duration of lease terms. 

F- 15 

. Sino-China and Trans
Pacific Beijing were incorporated in the PRC and are subject to the Enterprise Income Tax Laws of the PRC. 

to . Entities that are VAT general taxpayers are allowed to offset qualified VAT paid to suppliers
against their VAT liability. Net VAT liability is recorded in taxes payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 and education surcharges based on the net VAT payments. 

F- 16 

F- 17 

million for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

F- 18 

Total other assets 
 -

Total assets 
 -

Total current liabilities 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total net assets 
 -

Exchange rate effect 
 -

Total loss on disposal 
 -

Total other assets 
 
 -

Total assets 

Total current liabilities 

Total net assets 

Noncontrolling interests 
 
 -

Exchange rate effect 
 
 -

Total loss on disposal 

F- 19 

Receipt of cryptocurrencies from mining services 
 -
 
 -

Impairment loss 

Ending balance 

Impairment loss amounted to and 
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

Provision for doubtful accounts, net of recovery 
 -

Write-off/recovery 
 -
 
 -

Exchange rate effect 

Ending balance 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the
provision for doubtful accounts was nil and , respectively. 

F- 20 

Employee business advances 

Total 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 

Other receivables, net 

in fiscal year 2022. On March 23, 2023, SG Shipping Risk
Solution Inc. an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SGLY entered into an operating income right transfer contract with Goalowen Inc.
pursuant to which Goalowen agreed to transfer its rights to receive income from operating a certain tuna fishing vessel to SG Shipping
for million. Such contract was signed by the former COO Jing Shan without the Board s authorization. On May 5, 2023, Ms. Shan
made a wire transfer of million to Goalowen without the Board s authorization,. It was recorded as an Advance to customers.
As of June 30, 2023, the Company evaluated the collection possibility, and decided to provide a allowance provision in the amount
of million. 

Increase 

Recovery for doubtful accounts 

- 

() 
 
 Less: write-off 

Exchange rate effect 

() 
 
 Ending balance 

F- 21 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 

Advances to suppliers-third parties, net 

for the year ended June 30, 2022, and there was no change in the fiscal year 2023. 

Other (including prepaid professional fees, rent, listing fees) 

Total 

Freight logistics deposits (1) 
 -
 
 -

Total other long-term assets - deposits 

Less: allowances for deposits 

Other long-term assets- deposits, net 

million (RMB million) of deposit. This refundable deposit is to cover any possible loss of merchandise, as well as any non-performance on the part of the Company and its vendors. The restricted deposit is expected be repaid to the Company when either the contract term expires by March 2023 or the contract is terminated by either party. Due to impact of COVID-19 and recent rising freight costs, the Company has not been able to fulfill the contract to BaoSteel and expect it may not be able to collect the full deposit, as such the Company provided full allowance for the million deposit with BaoSteel in fiscal year 2021. During fiscal year 2022, the Company wrote off the million deposit. 

F- 22 

Allowance for deposits 
 -
 
 -

Less: Write-off 
 -

Exchange rate effect 

Ending balance 

Computer equipment 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

System software 

Leasehold improvements 

Mining equipment 

Total 

Less: Impairment reserve 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expenses for the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. Impairment loss amounted to and for the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 23 

Professional fees and other expense payable 

Interest payable 

Others 

Total 

. 

The Convertible Notes
bear an interest at annually and may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock, no par value per share at a conversion
price of per share, the closing price of the common stock on December 17, 2021. The Convertible Notes are unsecured senior obligations
of the Company, and the maturity date of the Convertible Notes is December 18, 2023. The Company may repay any portion of the outstanding
principal, accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty for early repayment. The Company may make any repayment of principal and interest
in (a) cash, (b) common stock at the conversion price or (c) a combination of cash or common stock at the conversion price. 

The investors may convert
any conversion amount into common stock on any date beginning on June 19, 2022. 

The Company evaluated the convertible notes agreement
under ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 amended by ASU 2020-06. ASC 815 generally requires the analysis embedded
terms and features that have characteristics of derivatives to be evaluated for bifurcation and separate accounting in instances where
their economic risks and characteristics are not clearly and closely related to the risks of the host contract. Based on terms of the
convertible notes agreements, the Company s notes are convertible for a fixed number of shares and do not require the Company to
net settle. None of the embedded terms required bifurcation and liability classification. 

On March 8, 2022, the
Company issued amended and restated the terms of the notes and issued the Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Notes (the Amended
and Restated Convertible Notes to the investors to change the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to an aggregate
principal amount of . There other terms of the notes remained unchanged. 

The terms of the Amended
and Restated Convertible Notes are the same as that of the original Convertible Notes, except for the reduced principal amount and the
waiver of interest for the payment made on March 8, 2022. 

For the year ended June
30, 2023 and 2022, interest expenses related to the aforementioned convertible notes amounted to and , respectively. 

F- 24 

to . As of June 30, 2023, ROU assets and lease liabilities amounted to and (including
 from lease liabilities current portion and from lease liabilities non-current portion), respectively and weighted average
discount rate was approximately . 

The Company s lease agreements do not contain
any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The leases generally do not contain options to extend at the
time of expiration and the weighted average remaining lease terms are years. 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, rent
expense amounted to approximately and , respectively. 

Impairment loss amounted to and for the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

The Company terminated several lease agreements and resulting in a
gain on disposal of ROU assets of for the years ended June 30, 2023. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

per share for continued listing on the NASDAQ
Capital Market. As a result, all common stock share amounts included in this filing have been retroactively reduced by a factor of five,
and all common stock per share amounts have been increased by a factor of five. Amounts affected include common stock outstanding, including
those that have resulted from the stock options, and warrants exercisable for common stock. 

F- 25 

shares of the Company s common stock, no
par value, and warrants to purchase shares at a per share purchase price of . The net proceeds to the Company from such
offering were approximately million. The warrants became exercisable on March 16, 2021 at an exercise price of per
share. The warrants may also be exercised on a cashless basis if at any time after March 16, 2021, there is no effective
registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the warrant shares. 

On November 2 and November 3, 2020, the Company
issued an aggregate of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), each convertible
into one share of common stock, no par value, of Company, upon the terms and subject to the limitations and considerations set forth
in the Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. The
purchase price for each share of Series A Preferred Stock and accompanying warrants is . The net proceeds to the Company from this
offering was approximately million, not including any proceeds that may be received upon cash exercise of the warrants. The warrants
became exercisable six (6) months following the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share. The warrants may also be exercised on a cashless basis if at any time after the six-month anniversary of the issuance date, there is no effective registration statement registering,
or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the warrant Shares. The warrants will expire five and a half ) years from the
date of issuance. The warrants are subject to anti-dilution provisions to reflect stock dividends and splits or other similar transactions.
The warrants contain a mandatory exercise right for the Company to force exercise of the warrants if the closing price of the common
stock equals or exceeds for twenty (20) consecutive trading days, provided, among other things, that the shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants are registered or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 and the daily trading volume exceeds shares of common stock
per trading day on each trading day in a period of consecutive trading days prior to the applicable date. In February 2021, the shareholders
approved the preferred shareholders right to convert shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common
stock in the Company s annual meeting of shareholders. As of June 30, 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock have been fully converted
to common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

On December 8, 2020, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement with certain investors thereto pursuant to which the Company sold to the investors, and the investors
purchased from the Company, in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of shares of the common stock of the Company, no
par value per share, at a purchase price of per share, and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common
stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of . The warrants
are initially exercisable beginning on December 11, 2020 and will expire three and a half ) years from the date of issuance. The
exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are subject to adjustment in the event
of stock splits or dividends, or other similar transactions, but not as a result of future securities offerings at lower prices. 

F- 26 

shares of common stock, no par value, and warrants to purchase 
shares. The net proceeds to the Company from this offering were approximately million. The purchase price for each share of common
stock and five warrants is , and the exercise price per warrant is . The warrants became exercisable at any time during the
period beginning on or after July 27, 2021 and ending on or prior on January 27, 2026 but not thereafter; provided, however, that the
total number of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, multiplied by the NASDAQ official closing bid price
of the common stock shall equal or exceed billion for a three consecutive month period prior to an exercise. 

On February 6, 2021, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement with certain investors pursuant to which the Company sold to the investors, and the investors purchased
from the Company, in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of shares of the common stock of the Company, no par value
per share, at a purchase price of per share. Net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the shares and the warrants, after deducting
estimated offering expenses and placement agent fees, were approximately million. The Company also sold to the investors warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable
upon issuance and expire five and a half ) years from the date of issuance. The exercise price and the number of shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits or dividends, or other similar transactions,
but not as a result of future securities offerings at lower prices. 

On February 9, 2021, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement with certain investors pursuant to which the Company sold to the investors, and the investors purchased
from the Company, in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of shares of the common stock of the Company, no par value
per share, at a purchase price of per share. Net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the shares and the warrants, after deducting
estimated offering expenses and placement agent fees, were approximately million. The Company also sold to the investors warrants
to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable
upon issuance and expire five and a half ) years from the date of issuance. The exercise price and the number of shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits or dividends, or other similar transactions,
but not as a result of future securities offerings at lower prices. 

On December 14, 2021,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with non-U.S. investors and accredited
investors pursuant to which the Company sold to the investors, and the investors agreed to purchase from the Company, an aggregate of
 shares of common stock, no par value, and warrants to purchase shares. The purchase price for each share of common
stock and one and a half warrants was , and the exercise price per warrant is . The Company received net proceed of 
and issued shares and warrants. In connection with the issuance, the Company issued shares to a consultant
in assisting the Company in finding potential investors. 

The warrants will be
exercisable at any time during the Exercise Window. The Exercise Window means the period beginning on or after June 14,
2022 and ending on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on December 13, 2026 but not thereafter; provided, however, that the total
number of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, multiplied by the NASDAQ official closing bid price of the
common stock shall equal or exceed for a three consecutive month period prior to an exercise. 

The Company s outstanding warrants are
classified as equity since they qualify for exception from derivative accounting as they are considered to be indexed to the Company s
own stock and require net share settlement. The fair value of the warrants was recorded as additional paid-in capital from common stock 

F- 27 

warrants (the Warrants from the Sellers, and the Sellers agreed to sell the
Warrants back to the Company. These Warrants were sold to these Sellers in three previous transactions that closed on February 11, 2021,
February 10, 2021, and March 14, 2018. The purchase price for each Warrant is . Following announcement of the Warrant Purchase Agreements
on January 6, 2022, the Company agreed to repurchase an additional warrants from other Sellers on the same terms as the previously
announced Warrant Purchase Agreements. The aggregate number of warrants repurchased under the Warrant Purchase Agreements was . 

On January 7, 2022, the Company wired the purchase
price to each Seller. Each Seller has agreed to deliver the Warrant to the Company for cancellation as soon as practicable following
the closing date, but in no event later than January 13, 2022. The Warrants are deemed cancelled upon the receipt by the Sellers of the
purchase price. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Repurchased 

Warrants outstanding, as of June 30, 2023 

Warrants exercisable, as of June 30, 2023 

years 
 
 2020 warrants, 

years 
 
 2021 warrants, 

years 

Stock-based compensation: 

By action taken as of August 13, 2021, the Board
of Directors (the Board of the Company and the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee approved
a one-time award of a total of shares of the common stock under the Company s 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan to, including (i) a one-time stock award grant of shares to Chief Executive Officer, Lei Cao, (ii) a one-time stock award grant
of shares to acting Chief Financial Officer, Tuo Pan, (iii) a one-time stock award grant of shares to Board member, Zhikang
Huang, (iv) a one-time stock award grant of shares to Board member, Jing Wang, (v) a one-time stock award grant of shares
to Board member, Xiaohuan Huang, and (vi) a one-time stock award grant of shares to Board member, Tieliang Liu. The shares were
valued at an aggregate of based on the grant date fair value of such shares. 

F- 28 

shares of common
stock under the Company s 2021 stock incentive plan, which shares were valued at based on the grant date fair value. 

On February 4, 2022, the Company approved a one-time
award of a total of shares of common stock under the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan to certain executive
officers of the Company, including Chief Executive Officer, Yang Jie shares), Chief Operating Officer, Jing Shan shares),
and Chief Technology Officer, Shi Qiu shares). The total fair value of the grants amounts to based on the grant
date share price of . 

On February 16, 2022, the Company s Board
approved a consulting agreement pursuant to which the Company will pay the consultant a monthly fee of and shares of
the Company s common stock. The shares were valued at at grant date with a grant date fair value of to be amortized
through October 31, 2022. Stock compensation expenses for this contract were for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

In connection with the purchase order between
SOSNY and Thor Miner (see note 2), the Company issued restricted shares to Future Tech Business Consulting Future Tech pursuant to an Advisory Agreement under which Future Tech was to assist to the Company to find suitable buyers for cryptocurrency mining
machines sold by Thor Miner. The shares were valued at approximately million and the Company recorded the full amount as stock compensation
expense for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and were recorded as stock-based compensation expense, respectively. 

Stock Options: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled, forfeited or expired 

Options outstanding, as of June 30, 2023 

Options exercisable, as of June 30, 2023 

F- 29 

Thor 

Brilliant Warehouse Service, Inc. 

Total 

in crypto mining rigs, which SOSNY claims was breached
by the Defendants. 

SOSNY and Defendants entered into a certain settlement
agreement and general mutual release with an Effective Date of December 28, 2022 Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the
Settlement Agreement, Thor Miner agreed to pay a sum of thirteen million in U.S. dollars (the Settlement Payment to SOSNY in exchange for SOSNY dismissing the lawsuit with prejudice as to the settling Defendants and without prejudice as to all others.
The full Settlement Payment was received by SOSNY on December 28, 2022. SOSNY dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice against the Company
(and other Defendants) on December 28, 2022. 

The Company and Thor Miner further covenanted
and agreed that if they receive additional funds from HighSharp (Shenzhen Gaorui) Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. HighSharp related to the PSA, they will promptly transfer such funds to SOSNY in an amount not to exceed forty million, five hundred sixty thousand,
five hundred sixty-nine dollars (which is the total amount paid by SOSNY pursuant to the PSA less the price of the machines
actually received by SOSNY pursuant to the PSA). The Settlement Payment and any payments subsequently received by SOSNY from HighSharp
shall be deducted from the total amount of forty million, five hundred sixty thousand, five hundred sixty-nine dollars previously paid by, and now due and owing to SOSNY. In further consideration of the Settlement Agreement, Thor Miner agreed to execute
and provide to SOSNY, within seven (7) business days after SOSNY s receipt of the Settlement Payment, an assignment of all claims
it may have against HighSharp or otherwise to the proceeds of the PSA. See Note 19 for further details. 

F- 30 

million, plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys fees. The St. Hudson
lawsuit claims monetary damages of at least million, plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys fees. 

Lawsuit in connection with the Financial Advisory Agreement 

On
October 6, 2022, Jinhe Capital Limited Jinhe filed a lawsuit against the Company in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, asserting causes of actions for, among other things, breach of contract, breach of the covenant
of good faith and fair dealing, conversion, quantum meruit, and unjust enrichment, in connection with a financial advisory agreement
entered into by and between Jinhe and the Company on November 10, 2021. Jinhe claims monetary damages of at least 
and potentially exceeding million, plus interest, costs, and attorneys fees. 

On
January 10, 2023, St. Hudson lawsuit was consolidated with this lawsuit and Hexin lawsuit and on February 24, 2023, all three consolidated
actions were dismissed without prejudice by the court, in furtherance of the parties having reached an agreement in principle to settle
their disputes. The Company, Yang Jie, Jing Shan, and the plaintiffs of the above three actions entered into a certain settlement agreement
and general mutual release with an effective date of March 10, 2023, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay the sum of .
Plaintiffs in the actions agreed to discharge and forever release the defendants in the actions from all claims that were or could have
been raised in those actions, as well as dismissal of each of the actions with prejudice. The Company has no role or knowledge as to
how the settlement payment will be allocated between and among the plaintiffs. The Company paid the settlement payment on March 14, 2023. 

In
addition, the plaintiffs agreed to irrevocably forfeit shares of Common Stock they hold. The cancellation of shares
has been completed, while the cancellation of the remaining shares is still in processing for the year ended June 30,
2023. The fair value of the shares was at March 10, 2023, the settlement amount over the fair value of the shares to
be cancelled is recorded as other expenses in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The cancellation of shares
completed on July 8, 2023 

F- 31 

-

PRC 

-

Total income tax expenses 
 
 -

F- 32 

for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 to the Company s effective tax rate are
as follows: 

Permanent difference 

Change in valuation allowance 

Rate differential in foreign jurisdiction 

- 

PRC 

Net operating loss 

U.S. 

PRC 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net - long-term 
 -
 
 -

The Company s operations in the U.S. incurred
a cumulative U.S. federal net operation loss NOL of approximately as of June 30, 2022, which may reduce
future federal taxable income. During the year ended June 30, 2023, approximately of NOL was generated and the tax benefit
derived from such NOL was approximately . As of June 30, 2023, the Company s cumulative NOL amounted to approximately
 which may reduce future federal taxable income. 

F- 33 

as of June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, additional NOL of approximately
 was generated. which may reduce
future taxable income which will expire by 2026. 

The Company periodically evaluates the likelihood
of the realization of deferred tax assets DTA and reduces the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by a valuation
allowance to the extent it believes a portion will not be realized. Management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that
could affect the Company s future realization of deferred tax assets including its recent cumulative earnings experience, expectation
of future income, the carry forward periods available for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors. The Company determined that
it is more likely than not its deferred tax assets could not be realized due to uncertainty on future earnings as a result of the company s
reorganization and venture into new businesses. The Company provided a allowance for its DTA as of June 30, 2023. The net decrease
in valuation for the year ended June 30, 2023 amounted to approximately , based on management s reassessment of the amount
of the Company s deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. 

Corporate income tax payable 

Others 

Total 

and of the Company s gross revenues. As of June 30, 2023, two customers accounted for and
 of the Company s accounts receivable, net. 

For the year ended June 30, 2022, two customers
accounted for and of the Company s gross revenues. As of June 30, 2022, two customers accounted for and
 of the Company s accounts receivable, net. 

Major Suppliers 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, two suppliers
accounted for approximately and of the total gross purchases, respectively. 

For the year ended June 30, 2022, two suppliers
accounted for approximately and of the total gross purchases, respectively. 

F- 34 

Cost of revenues 
 -

-

Gross profit 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 
 -

Total capital expenditures 
 -

Gross margin 
 -

Cost of revenues 
 -

-

Gross (loss) profit 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 
 -

Total capital expenditures 
 -

Gross margin 
 -

Sales of crypto-mining machines 

Total Assets 

The Company s operations are primarily
based in the PRC and U.S, where the Company derives all of its revenues. Management also reviews consolidated financial results by business
locations. 

U.S. 

Total revenues 

F- 35 

Total Advances to suppliers-related party 
 -

for the order and no prepayment as of June 30, 2023. 

Due to production issues from HighSharp,
Thor Miner was not able to timely deliver the full quantity of cryptocurrency mining machines to SOSNY under the PSA and was sued by
SOSNY for breach of contract on December 9, 2022. 

The Company entered into a settlement
agreement with SOSNY effective on December 28, 2022, under which the Company will repay million to SOSNY and terminate the
previous agreements and balance of the deposits. The Company also assigned to SOSNY the right for the deposit that Thor Miner has paid
to HighSharp. 

As of December 22, 2022, the balance
of advances to HighSharp and deposits from SOSNY amounted to and , respectively. Thor Miner paid million
on December 23, 2022 to SOSNY which was received by SOSNY on December 28, 2022. Thor Miner wrote off the balance of the deposit it received
from SOSNY and the balance of its payment to HighSharp resulted in net bad debt expenses of . 

Due from related party, net 

Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd (2) 

LSM Trading Ltd (3) 

Rich Trading Co. Ltd (4) 

Cao Lei (5) 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total 
 
 -

and to Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd Zhejiang Jinbang which is owned by Mr. Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided allowance of and for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the allowance changes as a result of changes in exchange rates. 

million and million to Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd. which is owned by Qinggang Wang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided full credit losses for the balance of the receivable. 

F- 36 

to LSM Trading Ltd, which is owned by the Company. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided full credit losses for the balance of the receivable. 

million in the trading business operated by Rich Trading and the Company would be entitled to of profits generated by the trading business. The Company advanced for this project, of which has been returned to the Company. The Company provided allowance of for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

, of which approximately additional payment was recognized as non-operating income. The Company provided full credit losses for the remaining balance of the receivable. 

Loan receivable- related parties 

(RMB million). In February 2022, Wang Qinggang, borrowed and repaid of the loan amount. In June 2022, additional (RMB was loaned to Wang Qinggang with due date of June 7, 2024. The outstanding loan was fully repaid in December 2022. 

Accounts payable - related
parties 

As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company had accounts payable
to Rich Trading Co. Ltd of . 

Due to Related Party 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company had accounts
payable to Qinggang Wang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai, of . These payments were made on behalf
of the Company for the daily business operational activities. 

Revenue - Related Party 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, the company
had no revenue from related party. For the year ended June 30, 2022, revenue from related party, Zhejiang Jinbang, amounted to . 

F- 37 

bid price per share requirement under
Nasdaq Listing Rules during the 180 calendar days given by Nasdaq for the Company to regain compliance, which ended on July 5, 2023.
However, Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until January 2, 2024, to regain
compliance. Such determination is based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares
and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Capital Market with the exception of the bid price requirement, and
the Company s written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse
stock split, if necessary. The Company intends to regain compliance with Nasdaq s bid price requirement prior to the end of the
second bid price extension. 

On August 30, 2023, the Company received a formal
notification from Nasdaq confirming that the Company had regained compliance with the independent director and audit committee requirements
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market set forth in Listing Rules 5605(b)(1) and 5605(c)(2) by appointing Mr. Zhongliang
Xie to the Company s board of directors and audit committee on July 31, 2023, and that the matter is now closed. 

On August 30, 2023, the Company received a formal
notification from Nasdaq stating that it has determined to grant the Company an extension until December 27, 2023, to regain compliance
with Listing Rule 5620(a), which requires that the Company hold an annual meeting of shareholders within twelve months of the end of
the Company s fiscal year end. 

F-38 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2023ex21-1_singularity.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

List of subsidiaries of the Company 

Subsidiaries 

Entity Name in English 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Parent/Ownership 

Sino-Global Shipping New York Inc. 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Ningbo Saimeinuo Web Tec Ltd. 
 
 Ningbo, Zhejiang, PRC 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Blumargo IT Solution Ltd. 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Gorgeous Trading Ltd. 
 
 Texas, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. 
 
 Texas, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping New York Inc. (51 Owned) 

Phi Electric Motor Inc. 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping New York Inc. (51 Owned) 

SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc. 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

SG Link LLC 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 SG Shipping Risk (100 Owned) 

Thor Miner Inc. 
 
 Delaware, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping America Inc. (51 Owned) 

Sino-Global Shipping (HK) Ltd. 
 
 Hong Kong, PRC 
 
 Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Trans Pacific Shipping Ltd. 
 
 Beijing, PRC 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Trans Pacific Logistics Shanghai Ltd. 
 
 Shanghai, PRC 
 
 Trans Pacific Shipping Ltd. (90 Owned) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex23-1_singularity.htm
 CONSENT OF AUDIT ALLIANCE LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Forms S-3 (333- 253836 and 333-253149 and on Form S-8 (333-259130 of our report dated September
2 7 , 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Singularity
Future Technology Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively , the Company for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, appearing
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

We also consent to the reference to us under the
heading Experts in the Registration Statements. 

/s/ Audit Alliance LLP 

Singapore 

 September 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 4
 f10k2023ex31_singularity.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 

 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ziyuan Liu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Singularity
Future Technology Ltd. (the registrant for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditor and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ziyuan Liu 

Ziyuan Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 

 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ying Cao, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Singularity
Future Technology Ltd. (the registrant for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditor and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ying Cao 

Ying Cao 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 f10k2023ex32_singularity.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ziyuan Liu, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
based on my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for
the period covered by the Report. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ziyuan Liu 

Ziyuan Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ying Cao, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
based on my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for
the period covered by the Report. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ying Cao 

Ying Cao 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sgly-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sgly-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sgly-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sgly-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sgly-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

