<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_1297341_0001213900-23-080514.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9476032</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>295338</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1676011</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2792581</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2161221</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2172321</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-080514.hdr.sgml : 20231027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928163321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-080514
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kentucky First Federal Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001297341
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				611484858
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51176
		FILM NUMBER:		231290215

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		479 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			HAZARD
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			41702
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(606) 436-3860

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		479 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			HAZARD
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			41702

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kentucky First Federal Bancorp Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040715

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-080514.txt : 20231027

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_kentuckyfirst.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) 

, , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock
held by nonaffiliates was million as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of shares of common stock outstanding as
of September 24, 2023: 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The following lists the documents incorporated
by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K into which the document is incorporated: 

1. Portions
of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023. (Part II) 

2. Portions
of Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. (Part III) 

INDEX 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 17 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 25 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 25 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 

PART II 

26 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 27 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 27 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 27 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 27 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 27 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 27 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 29 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 29 

PART III 

30 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 30 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 30 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 31 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 31 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 31 

PART IV 

32 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 32 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 33 

SIGNATURES 
 
 34 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business . 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements contained in this report
that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. When used herein, the
terms anticipates, plans, expects, believes, and similar expressions as they relate
to Kentucky First Federal Bancorp or its management are intended to identify such forward looking statements. Kentucky First Federal Bancorp s
actual results, performance or achievements may materially differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Risks
and uncertainties that could cause or contribute to such material differences include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions,
prices for real estate in the Company s market areas, interest rate environment, competitive conditions in the financial services
industry; changes in level of inflation; changes in the demand for loans, deposits and other financial services that we provide; the possibility
that future credit losses may be higher than currently expected; the impact of the interest rate environment on our business, financial
condition and results of operations; competitive pressures among financial services companies; the ability to attract, develop and retain
qualified employees; the ability to pay future dividends at currently expected rates; our ability to maintain the security of our data
processing and information technology systems; the outcome of pending or threatened litigation, or of matters before regulatory agencies;
changes in law, governmental policies and regulations, rapidly changing technology affecting financial services, the potential effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic on the local and national economic environment, on our customers and on our operations (as well as any changes
to federal, state and local government laws, regulations and orders in connection with the pandemic), the impacts related to or resulting
from Russia s military action in Ukraine, including the broader impacts to financial markets, and the other matters mentioned in
Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, the Company does not undertake the responsibility,
and specifically disclaims any obligation, to release publicly the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.
Accordingly, actual results may differ from those expressed in the forward-looking statements, and the making of such statements should
not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that results expressed therein will be achieved. 

General 

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
to we, us and our refer to Kentucky First, and where appropriate, collectively to Kentucky First,
First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky. 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp. Kentucky
First Federal Bancorp Kentucky First Federal or the Company was incorporated as a mid-tier holding company
under the laws of the United States on March 2, 2005 upon the completion of the reorganization of First Federal Savings and Loan Association
of Hazard First Federal of Hazard into a federal mutual holding company form of organization (the Reorganization ).
On that date, Kentucky First Federal also completed its minority stock offering and its concurrent acquisition of Frankfort First Bancorp,
Inc. Frankfort First Bancorp and its wholly owned subsidiary First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky, Frankfort, Kentucky First Federal of Kentucky (the Merger ). Following the Reorganization and Merger, the Company has operated
First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky (collectively, the Banks as two independent, community-oriented savings
institutions. 

On December 31, 2012, Kentucky First Federal acquired
CFK Bancorp, Inc., the savings and loan holding company for Central Kentucky Federal Savings Bank, a federally chartered savings bank
located in Danville, Kentucky. Central Kentucky Federal Savings Bank was merged into First Federal of Kentucky and now operates as a division
of First Federal of Kentucky under the name Central Kentucky Federal Savings Bank through its two offices in Danville, Kentucky
and its Lancaster, Kentucky branch. With the acquisition, the Company expanded its customer base in the central Kentucky area with an
institution that shared its community banking orientation and thrift heritage and enjoyed a favorable reputation within the new Danville-Lancaster
market area. 

Kentucky First s and First Federal of Hazard s
executive offices are located at 655 Main Street, Hazard, Kentucky, 41702 and the telephone number for investor relations is (888) 818-3372. 

At June 30, 2023, Kentucky First had total assets
of 349.0 million, deposits of 226.3 million and stockholders equity of 50.7 million. The discussion in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K relates primarily to the businesses of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky, as Kentucky First s operations
consist primarily of operating the Banks and investing funds retained in the Reorganization. 

First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky
are subject to examination and comprehensive regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and their deposits are insured
up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Both of the
Banks are members of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, which is one of the 11 regional banks in the FHLB System. See Regulation
and Supervision . 

1 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association
of Hazard. First Federal of Hazard was formed as a federally chartered mutual savings and loan association in 1960. First Federal
of Hazard operates from a single office located at 655 Main Street, Hazard, Kentucky as a community-oriented savings and loan association
offering traditional financial services to consumers in Perry and surrounding counties in eastern Kentucky. It engages primarily in the
business of attracting deposits from the general public and using such funds to originate, when available, loans secured by first mortgages
on owner-occupied, residential real estate and occasionally other loans secured by real estate. To the extent there is insufficient loan
demand in its market area, and where appropriate under its investment policies, First Federal of Hazard has historically invested in mortgage-backed
and investment securities, although since the reorganization, First Federal of Hazard has been purchasing whole loans and participations
in loans originated at First Federal of Kentucky. At June 30, 2023, First Federal of Hazard had total assets of 89.1 million, net loans
of 81.0 million, total mortgage-backed and other securities of 4.3 million, deposits of 45.5 million and total capital of 18.0 million. 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky.
 First Federal of Kentucky is a federally chartered savings bank, which is primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits
from the general public and originating primarily adjustable-rate loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied and nonowner-occupied
one- to four-family residences in Franklin, Boyle, Garrard and other counties in Kentucky. First Federal of Kentucky also originates,
to a lesser extent, home equity loans and loans secured by churches, multi-family properties, professional office buildings and other
types of property. At June 30, 2023, First Federal of Kentucky had total assets of 260.4 million, net loans of 232.7 million, total
mortgage-backed and other securities of 8.1 million, deposits of 182.8 million and total capital of 30.5 million. 

First Federal of Kentucky s main office
is located at 216 W. Main Street, Frankfort, Kentucky 40602 and its main telephone number is (502) 223-1638. 

Market Areas 

First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky
operate in three distinct market areas. 

First Federal of Hazard s market area consists
of Perry County, where the business office is located, as well as the surrounding counties of Letcher, Knott, Breathitt, Leslie and Clay
Counties in eastern Kentucky. The economy in its market area has been distressed in recent years. The local economy depends on the coal
industry and other industries, such as health care and manufacturing. Still, the economy in First Federal of Hazard s market area
continues to lag behind the economies of Kentucky and the United States. In the most recent available data, using information from the
Commonwealth of Kentucky Economic Development and the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics, median household income in Perry County
is 43,931 compared to personal income of 52,326 in Kentucky and 74,580 in the United States. Total population in Perry County is approximately
28,000. However, as a regional economic center, Hazard tends to draw consumers and workers who commute from surrounding counties. Employment
in the market area, particularly in Perry County, consists service sector (50.4 ), retail trade (23.6 ), public administration (7.0 ),
and finance, insurance and real estate (6.8 ). During the last five years, the unemployment rate (not seasonally adjusted) has been higher
than most regions, and in July 2023, was 6.6 , compared to 3.8 in Kentucky and 3.8 in the United States. 

First Federal of Kentucky s primary lending
area includes the Kentucky counties of Franklin, Boyle, Garrard and surrounding counties, with the majority of lending originated on properties
located in Franklin and Boyle Counties. 

Franklin County has a population of approximately
52,000, of which approximately 27,000 live within the city of Frankfort, which serves as the capital of Kentucky. The services sector
employs about 33.4 of the workforce followed by public administration (31.0 ), followed by the retail (11.4 ), and construction (7.8 .).
The unemployment rate was 4.1 for July 2023. The median household income in Franklin County is 64,016. 

Boyle County has a population of approximately
31,000. The services sector employs about 43.6 of the work force, while retail trade represents the next largest job counts with approximately
18.6 of the workforce. The transportation and communications sector and the manufacturing sector represent approximately 10.8 and 10.6 
of the workforces, respectively. Centre College is one of the larger employers in the community. The unemployment rate was 5.1 in July
2023, while the median household income in Boyle County is 59,250. 

2 

Lending Activities 

General . Our loan portfolio consists
primarily of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. As opportunities arise, we also offer loans secured by churches, commercial
real estate, and multi-family real estate. We also offer loans secured by deposit accounts and home equity loans. Substantially all of
our loans are made within the Banks respective market areas. 

Residential Mortgage Loans . Our
primary lending activity is the origination of mortgage loans to enable borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes in the Banks 
respective market areas. At June 30, 2023, residential mortgage loans including construction loans and multi-family totaled 271.4 million,
or 85.9 , of our total loan portfolio. We offer a mix of adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans with terms up to 30 years. Adjustable-rate
loans have an initial fixed term of one, three, five or seven years. After the initial term, the rate adjustments on most of our adjustable-rate
loans are indexed to the MIRS Transition Index, formerly known as PMMS+ Index. The interest rates on these mortgages are adjusted once
a year, with limitations on adjustments generally of one percentage point per adjustment period, and a lifetime cap of five percentage
points. We determine loan fees charged, interest rates and other provisions of mortgage loans on the basis of our own pricing criteria
and competitive market conditions. Some loans originated by the Banks have an additional advance clause which allows the borrower to obtain
additional funds at prevailing interest rates, subject to managements approval. 

At June 30, 2023, the Company s loan portfolio
included 237.4 million in adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans, or 87.5 of the Company s residential mortgage loan portfolio. 

The retention of adjustable-rate loans in the
portfolio helps reduce our exposure to increases in prevailing market interest rates. However, there are unquantifiable credit risks resulting
from potential increases in costs to borrowers in the event of upward repricing of adjustable-rate loans. It is possible that during periods
of rising interest rates, the risk of default on adjustable-rate loans may increase due to increases in interest costs to borrowers. Further,
although adjustable-rate loans allow us to increase the sensitivity of our interest-earning assets to changes in interest rates, the extent
of this interest sensitivity is limited by the initial fixed-rate period before the first adjustment and the periodic and lifetime interest
rate adjustment limitations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that yields on our adjustable-rate loans will fully adjust to compensate
for increases in our cost of funds. Finally, adjustable-rate loans may decrease at a pace faster than decreases in our cost of funds,
resulting in reduced net income. 

While one- to four-family residential real estate
loans are normally originated with up to 30-year terms, such loans typically remain outstanding for substantially shorter periods because
borrowers often prepay their loans in full upon sale of the mortgaged property or upon refinancing the original loan. Therefore, average
loan maturity is a function of, among other factors, the level of purchase and sale activity in the real estate market, prevailing interest
rates and the interest rates payable on outstanding loans. As interest rates declined and remained low over the past few years, we have
experienced high levels of loan repayments and refinancings. 

The Banks offer various programs for the purchase
and refinance of one- to four-family loans. Most of these loans have loan-to-value ratios of 80 or less, based on an appraisal provided
by a state licensed or certified appraiser. For owner-occupied properties, the borrower may be able to borrow up to 95 of the value if
they secure and pay for private mortgage insurance or they may be able to obtain a second mortgage (at a higher interest rate) in which
they borrow up to 90 of the value. The Boards of Directors of the Banks may approve a loan above the 80 loan-to-value ratio without
such enhancements. 

Construction Loans . We originate
loans for a term of one year or less to individuals to finance the construction of residential dwellings for personal use or for use as
rental property. On a case-by-case basis we consider construction loans on other than owner-occupied, residential property. At June 30,
2023, construction loans totaled 12.3 million, or 3.9 , of our total loan portfolio. Our construction loans generally provide for the
payment of interest only during the construction phase, which is usually less than one year. Loans generally can be made with a maximum
loan to value ratio of 80 of the appraised value. Funds are disbursed as progress is made toward completion of the construction based
on site inspections by qualified bank staff. 

3 

Construction financing is generally considered to involve a higher
degree of risk of loss than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely
upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property s value at completion of construction or development and the estimated
cost (including interest) of construction. During the construction phase, a number of factors could result in delays and cost overruns.
If the estimate of construction costs proves to be inaccurate, we may be required to advance funds beyond the amount originally committed
to permit completion of the development. If the estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, we may be confronted, at or before the maturity
of the loan, with a project having a value which is insufficient to assure full repayment. As a result of the foregoing, construction
lending often involves the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success of the ultimate project
rather than the ability of the borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest. If we are forced to foreclose on a project before
or at completion due to a default, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover the unpaid balance and accrued interest on
the loan, as well as related foreclosure and holding costs. 

Multi-Family Loans . We offer mortgage
loans secured by multi-family property (residential real estate comprised of five or more units.) At June 30, 2023, multi-family loans
totaled 19.1 million, or 6.0 , of our total loan portfolio. We originate multi-family real estate loans for terms of generally 25 years
or less. Loan amounts generally do not exceed 80 of the appraised value and tend to range much lower. 

Nonresidential Loans . As opportunities
arise, we offer mortgage loans secured by nonresidential real estate, which is generally secured by commercial office buildings, churches,
and properties used for other purposes. At June 30, 2023, nonresidential real estate loans totaled 30.2 million, or 9.6 of our total
loan portfolio. We originate nonresidential real estate loans for terms of generally 25 years or less and loan amounts generally do not
exceed 80 of the appraised value and tend to range much lower. 

Loans secured by multi-family and nonresidential
real estate generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Of
primary concern in multi-family and nonresidential real estate lending is the borrower s creditworthiness and the feasibility and
cash flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income properties often depend on successful operation and management
of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject to a greater extent than residential real estate loans to adverse
conditions in the real estate market or the economy. To monitor cash flows on income properties, we require borrowers and/or loan guarantors
to provide annual financial statements on larger multi-family and commercial real estate loans. In reaching a decision on whether to make
a multi-family or nonresidential real estate loan, we consider the net cash flow of the project, the borrower s expertise, credit
history and the value of the underlying property. 

Commercial Non-mortgage Loans . At
June 30, 2023, commercial non-mortgage loans totaled 1.2 million, or 0.4 , of our total loan portfolio. We do not emphasize commercial
non-mortgage loans, which may be secured by vehicles used in business or by inventory and equipment of the business or may be unsecured,
although we do originate such loans on a limited basis and generally require a pre-existing relationship with the Bank. These loans are
made only to businesses in our local market and we generally require personal guarantees of well-established individuals for these loans.
Commercial loans involve an even greater degree of risk than real estate loans. 

Consumer Lending. Our consumer loans
include home equity lines of credit, loans secured by savings deposits, automobile loans and unsecured or personal loans. At June 30,
2023, our consumer loan balance totaled 10.8 million, or 3.5 , of our total loan portfolio. Of the consumer loan balance at June 30,
2023, 9.2 million were home equity loans, 855,000 were loans secured by savings deposits and 715,000 were automobile or unsecured loans.
Our home equity loans are made on the security of residential real estate and have terms of up to 15 years. Most of our home equity loans
are second mortgages subordinate only to first mortgages also held by the bank and do not exceed 80 of the estimated value of the property,
less the outstanding principal of the first mortgage, although we do offer home equity loans up to 90 of the value less the balance of
the first mortgage at a premium rate to qualified borrowers. These loans are not secured by private mortgage insurance. Our home equity
loans require the monthly payment of 1.0 to 2.0 of the unpaid principal until maturity, when the remaining unpaid principal, if any,
is due. Home equity loans bear variable rates of interest indexed to the prime rate for loans with 80 or less loan-to-value ratio, and
2 above the prime rate for loans with a loan-to-value ratio in excess of 80 . Interest rates on these loans can be adjusted monthly.
At June 30, 2023, the total outstanding home equity loans amounted to 2.9 of the Company s total loan portfolio. 

4 

Loans secured by savings are originated for up
to 90 of the depositor s savings account balance. The interest rate is varying percentage points above the rate paid on the savings
account, and the account must be pledged as collateral to secure the loan. At June 30, 2023, loans on savings accounts totaled 0.3 of
the Company s total loan portfolio. 

Consumer loans generally entail greater risk than
do residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans which are unsecured or secured by rapidly depreciable assets.
Automobile and unsecured loans at June 30, 2023, totaled 0.2 of the Company s total loan portfolio. 

Loan Originations, Purchases and Sales . 
Loan originations come from a number of sources. The primary source of loan originations are our in-house loan originators, and to a lesser
extent, advertising and referrals from customers and real estate agents. First Federal of Kentucky sells fixed-rate loans with longer
maturities to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati FHLB-Cincinnati ). We earn income on the loans sold through fees
we charge on the origination, interest spread premiums earned when we sell the loans, and loan servicing fees on an on-going basis, because
servicing rights are retained on such loans. At June 30, 2023, 21.7 million in loans were being serviced by First Federal of Kentucky
for the FHLB-Cincinnati. 

Loan Approval Procedures and Authority . 
Our lending activities follow written, nondiscriminatory, underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by each Bank s
Board of Directors and management. Each Bank s loan committee can approve or deny loans on one- to four-family properties totaling
 500,000 or less. First Federal of Hazard s loan committee consists of its two senior officers, while First Federal of Kentucky s
loan approval process allows for various combinations of experienced bank officers to approve or deny loans which are one- to four-family
properties. Loans that do not conform to this criteria must be submitted to the Board of Directors or Loan Committee composed of at least
three directors, for approval. 

It is the Company s practice to record a
lien on the real estate securing a loan. The Banks generally do not require title insurance, although it may be required for loans made
in certain programs. The Banks do require fire and casualty insurance on all security properties and flood insurance when the collateral
property is located in a designated flood hazard area. 

Loans to One Borrower . The maximum
amount either Bank may lend to one borrower and the borrower s related entities is limited, by regulation, to generally 15 of that
Bank s stated capital and the allowance for loan losses. At June 30, 2023, the regulatory limit on loans to one borrower was 2.8
million for First Federal of Hazard and 4.6 million for First Federal of Kentucky. Neither of the Banks had lending relationships in
excess of their respective lending limits. However, loans or participations in loans may be sold among the Banks, which may allow a borrower s
total loans with the Company to exceed the limit of either individual bank. 

Loan Commitments . The Banks issue
commitments for the funding of mortgage loans. Generally, these commitments exist from the time the underwriting of the loan is completed
and the closing of the loan. Generally, these commitments are for a maximum of 30 or 60 days but management routinely extends the commitment
if circumstances delay the closing. Management reserves the right to verify or re-evaluate the borrower s qualifications and to
change the rates and terms of the loan at that time. 

If conditions exist whereby either Bank experiences
a significant increase in loans outstanding or commits to originate loans that are riskier than a typical one- to four-family mortgage,
management and the boards will consider reflecting the anticipated loss exposure in a separate liability. As residential loans are approved
in the normal course of business, and those loans are underwritten to the standards of the Banks, management does not believe alteration
of the allowance for loan losses is warranted. At June 30, 2023, no commitment losses were reflected in a separate liability. 

Both Banks offer construction loans that either
have a separate construction period of one year or less, approved with a simultaneous commitment for permanent financing, or a loan that
has a construction phase of one year or less that is convertible to permanent financing. 

Interest Rates and Loan Fees. Interest
rates charged on mortgage loans are primarily determined by competitive loan rates offered in our market areas and our yield objectives.
Mortgage loan rates reflect factors such as prevailing market interest rate levels, the supply of money available to the savings industry
and the demand for such loans. These factors are in turn affected by general economic conditions, the monetary policies of the federal
government, including the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the general supply of money in the economy, tax policies and
governmental budget matters. 

5 

We receive fees in connection with late payments
on our loans. Depending on the type of loan and the competitive environment for mortgage loans, we may charge an origination fee on all
or some of the loans we originate. We may also offer a menu of loans whereby the borrower may pay a higher fee to receive a lower rate
or to pay a smaller or no fee for a higher rate. 

Delinquencies . When a borrower fails
to make a required loan payment, we take a number of steps to have the borrower cure the delinquency and restore the loan to current status.
We make initial contact with the borrower when the loan becomes 15 days past due. Subsequently, bank staff, under the direct supervision
of senior management and with consultation by the Banks attorneys, attempt to contact the borrower and determine their status and
plans for resolving the delinquency. However, once a delinquency reaches 90 days, management considers foreclosure and, if the borrower
has not provided a reasonable plan (such as selling the collateral, securing a commitment from another lender to refinance the loan or
submitting a plan to repay the delinquent principal, interest, escrow, and late charges) the foreclosure suit may be initiated. In some
cases, management may delay initiating the foreclosure suit if, in management s opinion, the Banks chance of loss is minimal
(such as with loans where the estimated value of the property greatly exceeds the amount of the loan) or if the original borrower is deceased
or incapacitated. If a foreclosure action is initiated and the loan is not brought current, paid in full, or refinanced with another lender
before the foreclosure sale, the real property securing the loan is sold at foreclosure. The Banks are represented at the foreclosure
sale and in most cases will bid an amount equal to the Banks investment (including interest, advances for taxes and insurance,
foreclosure costs, and attorney s fees). If another bidder outbids the Bank, the Bank s investment is received in full. If
another bidder does not outbid the Banks, the Banks acquire the property and attempt to sell it to recover their investment. 

A borrower s filing for bankruptcy can alter
the methods available to the Banks to seek collection. In such cases, the Banks work closely with legal counsel to resolve the delinquency
as quickly as possible. 

We may consider loan workout arrangements with
certain borrowers under certain conditions. Management of each bank provides a report to its board of directors on a monthly basis of
all loans more than 60 days delinquent, including loans in foreclosure, and all property acquired through foreclosure. 

Investment Activities 

We have legal authority to invest in various types
of liquid assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various federal agencies and state and municipal governments, mortgage-backed
securities and certificates of deposit of federally insured institutions. We also are required to maintain an investment in FHLB-Cincinnati
stock, the level of which is largely dependent on our level of borrowings from the FHLB. 

At June 30, 2023, our investment portfolio consisted
of mortgage-backed securities issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae with stated final maturities of 30 years
or less. The Company held no equity position with Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. 

Our investment objectives are to provide an alternate
source of low-risk investments when loan demand is insufficient, to provide and maintain liquidity, to maintain a balance of high quality,
diversified investments to minimize risk, to provide collateral for pledging requirements, to establish an acceptable level of interest
rate risk, and to generate a favorable return. The Banks Board of Directors has the overall responsibility for each institution s
investment portfolio, including approval of investment policies . The management of each Bank may authorize investments as prescribed
in each of the Bank s investment policies. 

Bank Owned Life Insurance 

First Federal of Kentucky owns several Bank Owned
Life Insurance policies totaling 2.8 million at June 30, 2023. The purpose of these policies is to offset future escalation of the costs
of non-salary employee benefit plans such as First Federal of Kentucky s defined benefit retirement plan and First Federal of Kentucky s
health insurance plan. The lives of certain key Bank employees are insured, and First Federal of Kentucky is the sole beneficiary and
will receive any benefits upon the employee s death. The policies were purchased from four highly-rated life insurance companies.
The design of the plan allows for the cash value of the policy to be designated as an asset of First Federal of Kentucky. The asset s
value will increase by the crediting rate, which is a rate set by each insurance company and is subject to change on an annual basis.
The growth of the value of the asset will be recorded as other operating income. Management does not foresee any expense associated with
the plan. Because this is a life insurance product, current federal tax laws exempt the income from federal income taxes. 

6 

Bank owned life insurance is not secured by any
government agency nor are the policies asset values or death benefits secured specifically by tangible property. Great care was
taken in selecting the insurance companies, and the bond ratings and financial condition of these companies are monitored on a quarterly
basis. The failure of one of these companies could result in a significant loss to First Federal of Kentucky. Other risks include the
possibility that the favorable tax treatment of the income could change, that the crediting rate will not be increased in a manner comparable
to market interest rates, or that this type of plan will no longer be permitted by First Federal of Kentucky s regulators. This
asset is considered illiquid because, although First Federal of Kentucky may terminate the policies and receive the original premium plus
all earnings, such an action would require the payment of federal income taxes on all earnings since the policies inception. 

Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds 

General . Deposits, loan repayments
and maturities, redemptions, sales and repayments of investment and mortgage-backed securities are the major sources of our funds for
lending and other investment purposes. Loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows and
loan prepayments are significantly influenced by general interest rates and money market conditions. 

Deposit Accounts . The vast majority
of our depositors are residents of the Banks respective market areas. Deposits are attracted from within our market areas through
the offering of passbook savings and certificate accounts, and, at First Federal of Kentucky, checking accounts and individual retirement
accounts IRAs ). We began utilizing brokered funds in June 2023 and had 21.0 million in such deposits at June 30, 2023.
Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time periods the funds must remain on deposit and the interest
rate, among other factors. In determining the terms of our deposit accounts, we consider the rates offered by our competition, profitability
to us, asset liability management and customer preferences and concerns. We review our deposit mix and pricing on an ongoing basis as
needed . 

Borrowings . First Federal of Hazard
and First Federal of Kentucky borrow from the FHLB-Cincinnati to supplement their supplies of investable funds and to meet deposit withdrawal
requirements. The Federal Home Loan Bank functions as a central reserve bank providing credit for member financial institutions. As members,
each Bank is required to own capital stock in the FHLB-Cincinnati and is authorized to apply for advances on the security of such stock
and certain of our mortgage loans and other assets (principally securities which are obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States),
provided certain standards related to creditworthiness have been met. Advances are made under several different programs, each having
its own interest rate and range of maturities. Depending on the program, limitations on the amount of advances are based either on a fixed
percentage of an institution s net worth or on the Federal Home Loan Bank s assessment of the institution s creditworthiness. 

Subsidiary Activities 

The Company has no other wholly owned subsidiaries
other than First Federal of Hazard and Frankfort First Bancorp. Frankfort First Bancorp has one subsidiary, First Federal of Kentucky. 

As federally chartered savings institutions, the
Banks are permitted to invest an amount equal to 2 of assets in subsidiaries, with an additional investment of 1 of assets where such
investment serves primarily community, inner-city and community-development purposes. Under such limitations, as of June 30, 2023, First
Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky were authorized to invest up to 1.8 million and 5.2 million, respectively, in the stock
of or loans to subsidiaries, including the additional 1 investment for community, inner-city and community development purposes. 

Competition 

We face significant competition for the attraction
of deposits and origination of loans. Our most direct competition for deposits has historically come from the banks and credit unions
operating in our market areas and, to a lesser extent, from other financial services companies, such as investment brokerage firms. We
also face competition for depositors funds from money market funds and other corporate and government securities. Several of our
competitors are significantly larger than us and, therefore, have significantly greater resources. We expect competition to increase in
the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial
services industry. Technological advances, for example, have lowered the barriers to enter new market areas, allowed banks to expand their
geographic reach by providing services over the Internet and made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services
that traditionally have been provided by banks. Changes in federal law permit affiliation among banks, securities firms and insurance
companies, which promotes a competitive environment in the financial services industry. Competition for deposits and the origination of
loans could limit our growth in the future. 

7 

According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), at June 30, 2022, the latest date for which data is available, First Federal of Hazard had a deposit market share
of 6.9 in Perry County. Its largest competitors, Hazard Bancorp (Peoples Bank Trust Company of Hazard,) 1 st Trust Bank,
Inc., and Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (Community Trust Bank, Inc.) had Perry County deposit market shares of 38.7 , 24.0 and 27.6 ,
respectively. First Federal of Hazard s competition for loans comes primarily from financial institutions in its market area and,
to a lesser extent, from other financial services providers, such as mortgage companies and mortgage brokers. Competition for loans also
comes from the increasing number of non-depository financial services companies entering the mortgage market, such as insurance companies,
securities companies and specialty finance companies. 

First Federal of Kentucky s principal competitors
for deposits in its market area are other banking institutions, such as commercial banks and credit unions, as well as mutual funds and
other investments. First Federal of Kentucky principally competes for deposits by offering a variety of deposit accounts, convenient business
hours and branch locations, customer service and a well-trained staff. According to the FDIC, at June 30, 2022, First Federal of Kentucky
had deposit market share of 8.2 , 7.0 and 16.9 for the Kentucky counties of Franklin, Boyle and Garrard. Its largest competitors for
depositors are the Boyle Bancorp, Inc. (The Farmers National Bank of Danville) at 24.5 , Wesbanco Bank, Inc. (Wesbanco) at 17.3 and Community
Trust Bancorp, Inc., (Community Trust Bank) at 6.8 market share in the three-county area. Wesbanco Bank, Inc., Boyle Bancorp, Inc., and
Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. had assets at June 30, 2023, of 17.4 billion, 921.0 million and 5.5 billion, respectively. The Bank also
faces considerable competition from credit unions including the Commonwealth Credit Union 1.8 billion in assets) and the Expree Credit
Union 92.0 million in assets). First Federal of Kentucky competes for loans with other depository institutions, as well as specialty
mortgage lenders and brokers and consumer finance companies. First Federal of Kentucky principally competes for loans on the basis of
interest rates and the loan fees it charges, the types of loans it originates and the convenience and service it provides to borrowers.
In addition, First Federal of Kentucky believes it has developed strong relationships with the businesses, real estate agents, builders
and general public in its market area. 

Personnel 

At June 30, 2023, we had 60 full-time employees
and two part-time employees, none of whom was represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe our relationship with our employees
is good. 

Regulation and Supervision 

General. First Federal of Hazard
and First Federal of Kentucky are subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency (OCC), as their primary federal regulator, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), as insurer of deposits. First
Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are each members of the Federal Home Loan Bank System and their deposit accounts are insured
up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) of the FDIC. First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky must each
file reports with the OCC and the FDIC concerning their activities and financial condition in addition to obtaining regulatory approvals
before entering into certain transactions such as mergers with, or acquisitions of, other financial institutions. There are periodic examinations
by the OCC and, under certain circumstances, the FDIC to evaluate First Federal of Hazard s and First Federal of Kentucky s
safety and soundness and compliance with various regulatory requirements. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal
Reserve Board), the agency that regulates and supervises bank and savings and loan holding companies, supervises and regulates Kentucky
First and First Federal MHC. Kentucky First and First Federal MHC, as savings and loan holding companies, are required to file certain
reports with, and are subject to examination by, and otherwise are required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve
Board. This regulatory structure is intended primarily for the protection of the DIF and depositors. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act) significantly changed the financial regulatory regime in the United States. Since the enactment
of the Dodd-Frank Act, U.S. banks and financial services firms have been subject to enhanced regulation and oversight. Several provisions
of the Dodd-Frank Act remain subject to further rulemaking, guidance, and interpretation by the federal banking agencies. 

8 

Enacted in 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory
Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (EGRRCPA) amended certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. EGRRCPA provides limited regulatory
relief to certain financial institutions, while preserving the existing framework under which U.S. financial institutions are regulated.
In addition to amending the Dodd-Frank Act, EGRRCPA also includes several provisions that positively affect smaller banking institutions
(e.g., those with less than 10 billion in assets) like the Banks. Specific provisions of the EGRRCPA that benefit smaller banks include
modifications to the qualified mortgage criteria under the ability to repay rules for certain mortgages that
are held and maintained on the Bank s retained portfolio as well as relief from certain capital requirements with the creation of
a community bank leverage ratio. See Federal Savings Association Regulation Capital Requirements. 

Certain of the regulatory requirements that are
applicable to First Federal of Hazard, First Federal of Kentucky, Kentucky First and First Federal MHC are described below. This discussion
does not purport to be a complete description of the laws and regulations involved, and is qualified in its entirety by the actual laws
and regulations. Moreover, laws and regulations are subject to changes by the U.S. Congress or the regulatory agencies as applicable. 

Regulation of Federal Savings Associations

Business Activities. Federal law
and regulations, primarily the Home Owners Loan Act and the regulations of the OCC, govern the activities of federal savings associations,
such as First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky. These laws and regulations delineate the nature and extent of the activities
in which federal savings associations may engage. In particular, certain lending authority for federal savings associations e.g. ,
commercial, nonresidential real property loans and consumer loans) is limited to a specified percentage of the association s capital
or assets. 

Branching. Federal savings associations
are authorized to establish branch offices in any state or states of the United States and its territories, subject to the approval of
the OCC. 

Capital Requirements . Federal regulations
require insured depository institutions, including federal savings associations to meet four minimum capital standards: a 4.0 Tier 1
leverage ratio; a 4.5 common equity Tier 1 ratio; a 6.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio; and an 8 Total capital to risk-weighted
assets ratio. These requirements were effective January 1, 2015, and are the result of a final rule implementing recommendations of the
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (Basel III) and certain requirements of the Dodd Frank Act. The regulations also include a capital
conservation buffer of 2.5 above the regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity Tier
1 capital and result in the following minimum ratios: (1) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 , (2) a Tier 1 capital ratio of
8.5 , and (3) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . The capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625 
of risk-weighted assets and increased by that amount each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution will be subject
to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the
buffer amount. 

Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common
stockholders equity (including retained earnings), certain non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority
interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, less intangibles other than certain mortgage servicing rights and credit card
relationships. The regulations eliminate the inclusion of certain instruments, such as trust preferred securities, from Tier 1 capital.
Instruments issued before May 19, 2010, are grandfathered for companies with consolidated assets of 15 billion or less. The components
of Tier 2 capital currently include cumulative preferred stock, long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities,
subordinated debt and intermediate preferred stock, the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted
assets and up to 45 of unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Overall,
the amount of Tier 2 capital included as part of total capital cannot exceed 100 of core capital. Total capital is defined as core capital
and supplementary capital, less certain specified deductions from total capital such as reciprocal holdings of depository institution
capital, instruments and equity investments. For purposes of determining the amount of risk-weighted assets, all assets, including certain
off-balance sheet assets, recourse obligations, residual interests and direct credit substitutes, are multiplied by a risk-weight factor
of 0 to 150 , as assigned by the capital regulation based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. 

9 

The EGRRCPA required the federal banking agencies,
including the OCC, to establish a community bank leverage ratio (CBLR) for qualifying community banking organizations having
less than 10 billion in average total consolidated assets and a leverage ratio of greater than 9 . The CBLR is an alternative framework
that permits qualifying institutions to calculate a leverage ratio to measure capital adequacy. Institutions opting into the CBLR framework
are not be required to calculate or report risk-based capital and are deemed to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements
and be in compliance with the generally applicable capital rule if they meet the CBLR ratio. The CBLR ratio is the ratio of a banking
organization s Tier 1 capital to its average total consolidated assets as reported on the banking organization s applicable
regulatory filings. The federal agencies published a final rule on October 9, 2020, effective November 9, 2020, that set the CBLR at 9 
beginning on January 1, 2022. The CARES Act directed the federal banking agencies to issue an interim rule temporarily lowering the CBLR
ratio to 8 which the agencies did with a transition back to 9 by year-ended 2021. The Banks elected to use the CBLR framework effective
for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. As of June 30, 2023, the capital levels of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky
exceed the minimum required capital amounts for capital adequacy. See Note K-Stockholders Equity and Regulatory Capital in notes
to financial statements. 

Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action . 
Federal law requires the federal banking agencies to take prompt corrective action should an insured depository institution
fail to meet certain capital adequacy standards. Prompt corrective action regulations provide five capital classifications: well capitalized,
adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not
used to represent overall financial condition. Under the regulations, an institution is deemed to be well capitalized if
it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of
5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has
a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or
greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based
capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity
Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based
capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity
Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible
equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . 

If less than adequately capitalized, regulatory
approval is required to accept broker deposits. The OCC is required to take certain supervisory actions against undercapitalized federal
savings associations, the severity of which depends upon the association s degree of undercapitalization. In addition, numerous
mandatory supervisory actions become immediately applicable to an undercapitalized association, including, but not limited to, increased
monitoring by regulators and restrictions on growth, capital distributions and expansion. The OCC could also take any one of a number
of discretionary supervisory actions, including the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior executive officers and
directors. Significantly and undercapitalized associations are subject to additional mandatory and discretionary measures. 

Loans to One Borrower. Federal law
provides that federal savings associations are generally subject to the limits on loans to one borrower applicable to national banks.
Subject to certain exceptions, a federal savings association may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers
in excess of 15 of its unimpaired capital and surplus. An additional amount may be lent, equal to 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus,
if secured by specified readily-marketable collateral, which generally does not include real estate. 

Standards for Safety and Soundness. 
As required by statute, the federal banking agencies have adopted Interagency Guidelines prescribing Standards for Safety and Soundness.
The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at
insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If the OCC determines that a federal savings association fails to meet
any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the OCC may require the institution to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with
the standard. If an institution fails to meet these standards, the OCC may require the institution to implement an acceptable compliance
plan. Failure to implement such a plan can result in further enforcement action, including the issuance of a cease-and-desist order or
the imposition of civil money penalties. 

Limitation on Capital Distributions. 
OCC regulations impose limitations upon all capital distributions by a federal savings association, including cash dividends, payments
to repurchase its shares and payments to shareholders of another institution in a cash-out merger. Under the regulations, an application
to and the prior approval of the OCC is required before any capital distribution if, among other circumstances the association will not
remain an eligible savings association i.e. , generally, well capitalized and with examination and Community Reinvestment
Act ratings in the two top categories), the total capital distributions for the calendar year exceed net income for that year plus the
amount of retained net income for the preceding two years, the federal savings association is directly or indirectly controlled by a mutual
savings and loan holding company or the distribution would otherwise be contrary to a statute, regulation or agreement with the. In addition,
the federal savings association must provide 30 days prior notice to the Federal Reserve Board of the capital distribution if, like First
Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky, it is a subsidiary of a holding company. If First Federal of Hazard s or First
Federal of Kentucky s capital were ever to fall below its regulatory requirements or the OCC notified it that it was in need of
increased supervision, its ability to make capital distributions could be restricted. In addition, the OCC could prohibit a proposed capital
distribution that would otherwise be permitted by the regulation, if the agency determines that such distribution would constitute an
unsafe or unsound practice. 

10 

Qualified Thrift Lender Test. Federal
law requires federal savings associations to meet a qualified thrift lender test. Under the test, a federal savings association is required
to either qualify as a domestic building and loan association under the Internal Revenue Code or maintain at least 65 of
its portfolio assets (total assets less: (i) specified liquid assets up to 20 of total assets; (ii) intangibles, including
goodwill; and (iii) the value of property used to conduct business) in certain qualified thrift investments (primarily residential
mortgages and related investments, including certain mortgage-backed securities, education loans, credit card loans and small business
loans) in at least 9 months out of each 12-month period. 

A savings association that fails the qualified
thrift lender test is immediately subject to certain operating restrictions, including restrictions on new activities, branching and the
payment of dividends. The Dodd-Frank Act also specifies that failing the qualified thrift lender test is a violation of law that could
result in an enforcement action. Failure to correct the violation within 12 months will cause the association s savings and loan
holding company to register as and be deemed a bank holding company. At June 30, 2023, First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky
were in compliance with the qualified thrift lender test in each of the prior 12 months. 

Transactions with Related Parties. 
Federal law limits the authority of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky to lend to, and engage in certain other transactions
(collectively, covered transactions ), with affiliates e.g. , any company that controls or is under
common control with an insured depository institution, including Kentucky First, First Federal MHC and their non-savings institution subsidiaries).
The aggregate amount of covered transactions with any individual affiliate is limited to 10 of the capital and surplus of the savings
association. The aggregate amount of covered transactions with all affiliates is limited to 20 of the savings association s capital
and surplus. Loans and other specified transactions with affiliates are required to be secured by collateral in an amount and of a type
described in federal law. The purchase of low-quality assets from affiliates is generally prohibited. Transactions with affiliates must
be on terms and under circumstances that are at least as favorable to the association as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions
with non-affiliated companies. In addition, savings associations are prohibited from lending to any affiliate that is engaged in activities
that are not permissible for bank holding companies and no federal savings association may purchase the securities of any affiliate other
than a subsidiary. Transactions between sister depository institutions that are 80 or more owned by the same holding company are exempt
from the quantitative limits and collateral requirements. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 generally prohibits
a company from making loans to its executive officers and directors. However, that law contains a specific exception for loans by a depository
institution to its executive officers and directors in compliance with federal banking laws. Under such laws, First Federal of Hazard s
and First Federal of Kentucky s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and 10 shareholders insiders ),
as well as entities such persons control, is limited. The law restricts both the individual and aggregate amount of loans First Federal
of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky may make to insiders based, in part, on First Federal of Hazard s and First Federal of Kentucky s
respective capital positions and requires certain board approval procedures to be followed. Such loans must be made on terms, including
rates and collateral, substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing
for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or any other unfavorable
features. There are additional restrictions applicable to loans to executive officers. 

Enforcement. The OCC has primary
enforcement responsibility over federal savings associations and has the authority to bring actions against the institution and all institution-affiliated
parties, including stockholders, and any attorneys, appraisers and accountants who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful action
likely to have an adverse effect on an insured institution. Formal enforcement actions may range from the issuance of a capital directive
or cease and desist order to removal of officers and/or directors to appointment of a receiver or conservator or termination of deposit
insurance. Civil penalties cover a wide range of violations and can amount to 25,000 per day, or even 1 million per day in especially
egregious cases. The FDIC has authority to recommend to the OCC that enforcement action to be taken with respect to a particular savings
association. If action is not taken by the OCC, the FDIC has authority to take such action under certain circumstances. Federal law also
establishes criminal penalties for certain violations of law. 

Assessments. Federal savings associations
pay assessments to the OCC to fund its operations. The general assessments, paid on a semi-annual basis, are based upon the savings association s
total assets, including consolidated subsidiaries, its financial condition and the complexity of its portfolio. 

11 

Insurance of Deposit Accounts. The
deposits of both First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are insured up to applicable limits by the DIF administered by
the FDIC. Deposit insurance per account owner is currently 250,000. Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, insured depository
are assigned a risk category based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other factors. An institution s
assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned, and certain adjustments specified by FDIC regulations. Institutions
deemed less risky pay lower assessments. The FDIC may adjust the scale uniformly, except that no adjustment can deviate more than two
basis points from the base scale without notice and comment. No institution may pay a dividend if in default of the federal deposit insurance
assessment. Assessment rates currently range from 1.5 to 30 basis points of total average assets (excluding PPP loans) less average tangible
equity. 

The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments.
A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of
the Banks. Management cannot predict what insurance assessment rates will be in the future. 

Federal Home Loan Bank System. First
Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are members of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 12 regional Federal
Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. As members of the Federal
Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are each required to acquire and hold shares of capital
stock in that Federal Home Loan Bank. First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky were in compliance with this requirement with
investments in Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati stock at June 30, 2023, of 1.3 million and 3.4 million, respectively. 

Reserve Requirements. Federal Reserve
Board regulations require insured depository institutions to maintain non-interest earning reserves against their transaction accounts
(primary interest-bearing and regular checking accounts). Required reserves must be in the form of vault cash and if vault cash does not
fully satisfy the required reserves, requirements may be satisfied in the form of a balance maintained with the appropriate Federal Reserve
Bank. The Federal Reserve Board generally makes annual adjustments to the tiered cash reserve requirements, however, effective March 26,
2020, the reserve requirement was set to zero for all depository institutions. 

Community Reinvestment Act. All
insured depository institutions, including federal savings associations have a continuing and affirmative obligation consistent with safe
and sound operation to help meet the credit needs of their entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The Community
Reinvestment Act does not establish specific lending requirements or programs, nor does it limit an institution s discretion to
develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community consistent with the Community
Reinvestment Act. The Community Reinvestment Act requires the OCC, in connection with its examination of a savings association, to assess
the association s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of
certain applications made by such association, including applications for mergers and acquisitions, and applications to open, relocate
or close a branch or facility. 

The Community Reinvestment Act requires public
disclosure of an institution s rating and requires the OCC to provide a written evaluation of an institution s Community Reinvestment
Act performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky each received
a Satisfactory rating as a result of their most recent Community Reinvestment Act assessments. 

Privacy Standards. The
Banks are subject to FDIC regulations regarding the privacy protection provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. These regulations require
each of the Banks to disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares non-public personal information 
to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. The regulations also require each of the Banks
to provide its customers with initial notices that accurately reflect its privacy policies and practices, to make its privacy policies
available to customers through its website, and to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out of having the Bank
share their non-public personal information with unaffiliated third parties before it can disclose such information, subject to certain
exceptions. 

Cybersecurity. In
addition to the provisions in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (discussed above), the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to many federal
and state laws, regulations and regulatory interpretations which impose standards and requirements related to cybersecurity. For example,
federal regulatory statements regarding cybersecurity indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security
controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes address the risk posed by compromised customer
credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution.
Additionally, the statements indicate that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity
planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack
involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and
business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers
fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. Financial institutions that fail to observe this regulatory guidance on cybersecurity may be
subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 

12 

Anti-Money
Laundering and OFAC. Under federal law, financial institutions must maintain anti-money laundering programs that include
established internal policies, procedures, and controls. Financial institutions are also prohibited from entering into specified financial
transactions and account relationships and must meet enhanced standards for due diligence and customer identification. Financial institutions
must take reasonable steps to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to guard against money laundering and to report any suspicious
transactions. Law enforcement authorities have been granted increased access to financial information maintained by financial institutions.
Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and they consider an institution s compliance
in connection with the regulatory review of applications, including applications for banking mergers and acquisitions. The U.S. Department
of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, is responsible for helping to insure that U.S. entities
do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. OFAC publishes
lists of persons, organizations, and countries suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, known as Specially Designated
Nationals and Blocked Persons. If the Bank finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, the Bank
must freeze or block such account or transaction, file a suspicious activity report and notify the appropriate authorities. The U.S. Treasury
Department s Financial Crises Enforcement Network rules include customer due diligence requirements for banks, including a requirement
to identify and verify the identity of beneficial owners of customers that are legal entities, subject to certain exclusions and exemptions. 

Prohibitions
Against Tying Arrangements . Federal savings associations are prohibited, subject to some exceptions, from extending credit
to or offering any other service, or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or service, on the condition that
the customer obtain some additional service from the institution or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the institution. 

Other Regulations. Interest and
other charges collected or contracted for by First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are subject to state usury laws and
federal laws concerning interest rates. The operations of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky are also subject to federal
laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: 

Truth-In-Lending
Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 

Home
Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine
whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 

Equal
Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 

Fair
Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 

Fair
Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 

Truth
in Savings Act, prescribing disclosure and advertising requirements with respect to deposit accounts; and 

Rules
and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 

The operations of First Federal of Hazard and
First Federal of Kentucky also are subject to the: 

Right
to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for
complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 

Electronic
Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts
and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; 

Check
Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital
check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; and 

The
USA PATRIOT Act, which requires savings associations to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money laundering compliance programs,
and due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs
are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements that also apply to financial institutions under the Bank Secrecy Act and
the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations. 

Holding Company Regulation 

General. Kentucky First and First
Federal MHC are savings and loan holding companies within the meaning of federal law. As such, they are registered with the Federal Reserve
Board and are subject to Federal Reserve Board regulations, examinations, supervision, reporting requirements and regulations concerning
corporate governance and activities. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has enforcement authority over Kentucky First and First Federal
MHC and their non-savings association subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the Federal Reserve Board to restrict or
prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to First Federal of Hazard and/or First Federal of Kentucky. 

13 

Restrictions Applicable to Mutual Holding
Companies. Federal law and Federal Reserve Board regulations, limit the activities of a mutual holding company, such as First
Federal MHC, to the following: (1) investing in the stock of insured savings association and acquiring them by means of a merger or acquisition;
(2) investing in a corporation the capital stock of which may be lawfully purchased by a savings association under federal law; (3) furnishing
or performing management services for a savings association subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company; (4) conducting an insurance
agency or escrow business; (5) holding, managing or liquidating assets owned or acquired from a savings association subsidiary of
the savings and loan holding company; (6) holding or managing properties used or occupied by a savings association subsidiary of the savings
and loan holding company; (7) acting as trustee under deed of trust; (8) any activity permitted for multiple savings and loan holding
companies by Federal Reserve Board regulations and; (9) any activity permitted by the Federal Reserve Board for bank holding companies
and financial holding companies 

Federal law prohibits a savings and loan holding
company, including a federal mutual holding company, from directly or indirectly, or through one or more subsidiaries, acquiring more
than 5 of the voting stock of another savings association, or its holding company, without prior written approval of the Federal Reserve
Board. Federal law also prohibits a savings and loan holding company from acquiring or retaining control of a depository institution that
is not insured by the FDIC. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings associations, the Federal Reserve Board
must consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of the acquisition
on the risk to the insurance funds, the convenience and needs of the community and competitive factors. 

The Federal Reserve Board is prohibited from approving
any acquisition that would result in a multiple savings and loan holding company controlling savings associations in more than one state,
except: (1) the approval of interstate supervisory acquisitions by savings and loan holding companies, and (2) the acquisition
of a savings institution in another state if the laws of the state of the target savings association specifically permit such acquisitions.
The states vary in the extent to which they permit interstate savings and loan holding company acquisitions. 

Capital Requirements . Savings and
loan holding companies are generally subject to consolidated capital requirements. The Federal Reserve Board has provided a Small
Bank Holding Company exception to its consolidated capital requirements, and EGRRCP directed the Federal Reserve Board to increase
the asset threshold for the exception to 3.0 billion, which was done in 2018. Consequently, savings and loan holding companies of less
than 3.0 billion of assets, such as First Federal, MHC and Kentucky First, are exempt from consolidated capital requirements unless otherwise
directed by the Federal Reserve Board in individual. 

Source of Strength. Federal Reserve
Board regulations require savings and loan holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary
savings associations. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the requirement that savings and loan holding companies act as a source of financial
strength to their insured depository institution subsidiaries. As a result, savings and loan holding companies are expected to commit
resources to support subsidiary savings associations, including at times when the savings and loan holding company may not be in a financial
position to provide such resources. 

Dividends. The Federal Reserve Board
has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expressed the Federal Reserve Board s
view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the company s net income for the past year is
sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earning retention that is consistent with the company s capital needs,
asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board also indicated that it would be inappropriate for a company experiencing
serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Furthermore, under the prompt correction action regulations, the Federal
Reserve Board may prohibit a bank holding company from paying any dividends if the holding company s insured depository institution
subsidiary is classified as undercapitalized. See Federal Savings Association Regulation Prompt Corrective
Regulatory Action. 

Stock Holding Company Subsidiary Regulation.
 Federal Reserve Board regulations govern the two-tier mutual holding company form of organization and subsidiary stock holding
companies that are controlled by mutual holding companies. Kentucky First is the stock holding company subsidiary of First Federal MHC.
Kentucky First is only permitted to engage in activities that are permitted for First Federal MHC subject to the same restrictions and
conditions. 

14 

Waivers of Dividends by First Federal MHC .
 Federal Reserve Board regulations require First Federal MHC to notify the Federal Reserve Board if it proposes to waive the right
to receive dividends declared by Kentucky First. The Dodd-Frank Act specified that dividends may be waived if certain conditions are met,
including that the Federal Reserve Board does not object after being given written notice of the dividend and proposed waiver. The Federal
Reserve Board may not object to such a waiver (i) if the mutual holding company involved has, prior to December 1, 2009, reorganized into
a mutual holding company structure, engaged in a minority stock offering and waived dividends it had a right to receive; (ii) the board
of directors of the mutual holding company expressly determines that a waiver of the dividend is consistent with its fiduciary duties
to members and (iii) the waiver would not be detrimental to the safe and sound operation of the savings association subsidiaries of the
holding company. Beginning with the dividend paid in September 2012, First Federal MHC has annually sought member approval to obtain Federal
Reserve Board approval to waive the MHC s dividends from the Company. This effort has been successful each year, including an approval
in 2023, which will cover quarterly dividends of 0.10 per common share through May 2024. It is expected that First Federal MHC will continue
to waive future dividends, except to the extent dividends are needed to fund First Federal MHC s continuing operations, subject
to the ability of First Federal MHC to obtain regulatory approval of its requests to waive dividends and to its ability to obtain member
approval of dividend waivers. For more information, see Item 1A, Risk Factors Our ability to pay dividends is subject
to the ability of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky to make capital distributions to Kentucky First and the waiver
of dividends by First Federal MHC. 

Conversion of First Federal MHC to Stock
Form. Federal Reserve Board regulations permit First Federal MHC to convert from the mutual form of organization to the capital
stock form of organization. In a conversion transaction, a new holding company would be formed as successor to First Federal MHC, its
corporate existence would end, and certain depositors would receive the right to subscribe for additional shares of the new holding company.
In a conversion transaction, each share of common stock held by stockholders other than First Federal MHC would be automatically converted
into a number of shares of common stock of the new holding company based on an exchange ratio determined at the time of conversion that
ensures that stockholders other than First Federal MHC own the same percentage of common stock in the new holding company as they owned
in us immediately before conversion. Under Federal Reserve Board regulations, stockholders other than First Federal MHC would not be diluted
because of any dividends waived by First Federal MHC (and waived dividends would not be considered in determining an appropriate exchange
ratio, provided that the mutual holding company involved was formed, engaged in a minority offering and waived dividends prior to December
1, 2009), in the event First Federal MHC converts to stock form. First Federal MHC was formed, engaged in a minority stock offering and
waived dividends prior to December 1, 2009. The total number of shares held by stockholders other than First Federal MHC after a conversion
transaction also would be increased by any purchases by stockholders other than First Federal MHC in the stock offering conducted as part
of the conversion transaction. 

Acquisition of Control. Under the
federal Change in Bank Control Act, a notice must be submitted to the Federal Reserve Board if any person (including a company), or group
acting in concert, seeks to acquire control of a savings and loan holding company or savings association. An acquisition
of control can occur upon the acquisition of 10 or more of the voting stock of a savings and loan holding company or savings
association or as otherwise defined by the Federal Reserve Board. Under the Change in Bank Control Act, the Federal Reserve Board has
60 days from the filing of a complete notice to act, taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial
resources of the acquirer and the anti-trust effects of the acquisition. Any company that so acquires control would then be subject to
regulation as a savings and loan holding company. 

Future Legislation. Federal and
state legislatures may introduce legislation that will impact the financial services industry. In addition, federal banking agencies may
introduce regulatory initiatives that are likely to impact the financial services industry, generally. Such initiatives may include proposals
to expand or contract the powers of savings and loan holding companies and/or depository institutions or proposals to substantially change
the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and the operating environment of the Company
in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand
permissible activities, or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions.
The Company cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, or, if enacted, the effect that it or any implementing regulations
would have on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. A change in statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies
applicable to Kentucky First or any of its subsidiaries could have a material effect on the business of the Company. 

15 

Federal and State Taxation 

General. We report our income on
a fiscal year basis using the cash method of accounting. See Note H-Federal Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for a description of the change in accounting method available through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 

Federal Taxation. The federal income
tax laws apply to us in the same manner as to other corporations with some exceptions, including particularly the reserve for bad debts
discussed below. The following discussion of tax matters is intended only as a summary and does not purport to be a comprehensive description
of the tax rules applicable to us. Our federal income tax returns are subject to examination for years 2017 and later. The federal statutory
tax rate was 21 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act was enacted, which amended the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, reducing tax rates and modifying certain policies, credits, and deductions
for individuals and businesses. Included in this legislation was a reduction of the federal corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 .
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also added limitations on the deductibility of business interest expense. While this limitation should not impact
the deductibility of the Company s interest expense, the limitation could impact our commercial borrowers. The Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act also includes changes to personal income taxes, including: (i) a lower limit on the deductibility of mortgage interest on single-family
residential mortgages; (ii) the elimination of interest deductions for home equity loans; and (iii) a limitation on the deductibility
of property taxes and state and local income taxes. 

For fiscal years beginning before June 30,
1996, thrift institutions that qualified under certain definitional tests and other conditions of the Internal Revenue Code were permitted
to use certain favorable provisions to calculate their deductions from taxable income for annual additions to their bad debt reserve.
A reserve could be established for bad debts on qualifying real property loans, generally secured by interests in real property improved
or to be improved, under the percentage of taxable income method or the experience method. The reserve for nonqualifying loans was computed
using the experience method. Federal legislation enacted in 1996 repealed the reserve method of accounting for bad debts and the percentage
of taxable income method for tax years beginning after 1995 and require savings institutions to recapture or take into income certain
portions of their accumulated bad debt reserves. First Federal of Hazard did not qualify for such favorable tax treatment for any years
through 1996. Approximately 5.2 million of First Federal of Kentucky First s accumulated bad debt reserves would not be recaptured
into taxable income unless Frankfort First makes a non-dividend distribution to Kentucky First as described below. If First
Federal of Hazard or First Federal of Kentucky makes non-dividend distributions to us, the distributions will be considered
to have been made from First Federal of Hazard s and First Federal of Kentucky s unrecaptured tax bad debt reserves, including
the balance of their reserves as of December 31, 1987, to the extent of the non-dividend distributions, and then from
First Federal of Kentucky s supplemental reserve for losses on loans, to the extent of those reserves, and an amount based on the
amount distributed, but not more than the amount of those reserves, will be included in First Federal of Kentucky s taxable income.
Non-dividend distributions include distributions in excess of First Federal of Kentucky s current and accumulated earnings and profits,
as calculated for federal income tax purposes, distributions in redemption of stock, and distributions in partial or complete liquidation.
Dividends paid out of First Federal of Kentucky s current or accumulated earnings and profits will not be so included in First Federal
of Kentucky s taxable income. 

The amount of additional taxable income triggered
by a non-dividend distribution is an amount that, when reduced by the tax attributable to the income, is equal to the amount of the distribution.
Therefore, if First Federal of Kentucky makes a non-dividend distribution to us, approximately one and one-half times the amount of the
distribution not in excess of the amount of the reserves would be includable in income for federal income tax purposes, assuming a 21 
federal corporate income tax rate. First Federal of Kentucky does not intend to pay dividends in the future that would result in a recapture
of any portion of its bad debt reserves. 

State Taxation. Although First Federal
MHC and Kentucky First are subject to the Kentucky corporation income tax and state corporation license tax (franchise tax), the corporation
license tax is repealed effective for tax periods ending on or after December 31, 2005. Gross income of corporations subject to Kentucky
income tax is similar to income reported for federal income tax purposes except that dividend income, among other income items, is exempt
from taxation. For First Federal MHC and Kentucky First tax years beginning July 1, 2005, the corporations are subject to an alternative
minimum income tax. Corporations must pay the greater of the income tax, the alternative tax or 175. The corporations can choose between
two methods to calculate the alternative minimum; 9.5 cents per 100 of the corporation s gross receipts, or 75 cents per 100 of
the corporation s Kentucky gross profits. Kentucky gross profits means Kentucky gross receipts reduced by returns and allowances
attributable to Kentucky gross receipts, less Kentucky cost of goods sold. The corporations, in their capacity as holding companies for
financial institutions, do not have a material amount of cost of goods sold. Although the corporate license tax rate is 0.21 of total
capital employed in Kentucky, a bank holding company, as defined in Kentucky Revised Statutes 287.900, is allowed to deduct from its taxable
capital, the book value of its investment in the stock or securities of subsidiaries that are subject to the bank franchise tax. 

First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky
are subject to both the Kentucky corporation income tax and corporation license tax. On March 26, 2019, HB 354 was enacted which sunsets
the Savings and Loan Tax after 2020 and subjects financial institutions to the corporate income tax beginning January 1, 2021. Effective
January 1, 2021, the Savings and Loan Tax no longer applies to financial institutions. 

16 

Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

Interest Rate Risk 

Rising interest rates may hurt our profits
and asset values . 

In response to the COVID-19 virus pandemic, the
Federal Reserve Board s Open Market Committee FOMC decreased interest rates to near zero in March 2020. The low
interest rate environment remained in effect until March 2022. However, in light of elevated inflation and a strong labor market, the
FOMC commenced increasing the target range for the federal funds rate. Since maintaining a federal funds rate target in the range of 0 
to 0.25 from March 2020 through 2021, the Federal Reserve Board made multiple rate increases during 2022 and 2023 increasing the target
federal funds rate to a range of 5.00 to 5.25 as of June 2023, and subsequently to a range of 5.25 to 5.50 as of August 2023. The
future direction and levels of interest rates remain uncertain. 

The increase in interest rates has caused our
net interest income to decline. Net income decreased 657,000 or 41.3 compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 primarily due to
decreased net interest income, decreased non-interest income, increased provision for loan losses, and increased non-interest expenses,
which were somewhat offset by decreased income taxes. Net interest income decreased 304,000 or 3.3 and totaled 8.9 million for the
year just ended, as interest income increased 1.8 million or 16.9 to 12.8 million and interest expense increased 2.1 million or 122.5 
to 3.9 million. Our funding sources repriced more quickly during the interest rate increases than our assets. Consequently, the increase
in our interest expense was attributed primarily to higher average rates paid on both deposits and FHLB advances, while the increase in
our interest income was a combination of both higher average balances and higher rates earned on those assets. If interest rates continue
to rise, our net interest income may decline in the short term since, due to the generally shorter terms of interest-bearing liabilities,
interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, increases more quickly than interest income earned on interest-earning assets,
such as loans and investments. In addition, rising interest rates may hurt our income because of reduced demand for new loans and refinancing
loans may in turn result in reduced interest and fee income earned on new loans and loan refinancings. While we believe that modest interest
rate increases will not significantly hurt our interest rate spread over the long term due to our high level of liquidity and the presence
of a significant amount of adjustable-rate mortgage loans in our loan portfolio, interest rate increases may initially reduce our interest
rate spread until such time as our loans and investments reprice to higher levels. 

Changes in interest rates also affect the value
of our interest-earning assets, and in particular our securities portfolio. Generally, the value of fixed-rate securities fluctuates inversely
with changes in interest rates. Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale are reported as separate components of equity.
Decreases in the fair value of securities available for sale resulting from increases in interest rates therefore could have an adverse
effect on stockholders equity. 

Rising interest rates may adversely affect
the ability of borrowers to repay loans. 

We offer fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage
loans with terms of up to 30 years; however, across our loan portfolio, interest rates and payments adjust annually after a one-, three-,
five- or seven-year initial fixed period. At June 30, 2023, 87.5 of our residential real estate loan portfolio were adjustable-rate loans.
Rising interest rates could have a negative impact on our results of operations by reducing the ability of borrowers to repay their current
loan obligations as interest rates rise, the borrower s payments rise, increasing the potential for delinquencies and defaults. 

17 

Risks Related to Our Lending Activities 

Inflationary pressures and rising prices
may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Inflation has risen sharply since the end of 2021
to levels not seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2023. Inflation could
lead to increased costs to our customers, making it more difficult for them to repay their loans or other obligations. High interest rates
may be needed to tame persistent inflationary price pressures, which could also push down asset prices and weaken economic activity. A
deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing
assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our allowance for loan losses is not
sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our results of operations would be negatively affected. 

In determining the amount of the allowance for
loan losses, we analyze our loss and delinquency experience by loan categories and we consider the effect of existing economic conditions.
In addition, we make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness
of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. If the
actual results are different from our estimates, or our analyses are incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to
cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, which would require additions to our allowance and would decrease our net income. Our emphasis
on loan growth and on increasing our portfolio, as well as any future credit deterioration, will require us to increase our allowance
further in the future. In addition, our banking regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and could require us to increase
our provision for loan losses. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as required by regulatory authorities
may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

A large percentage of our loans are collateralized
by real estate and disruptions in the real estate market may result in losses and hurt our earnings. 

Approximately 96.3 of our loan portfolio at June
30, 2023 was comprised of loans collateralized by real estate. Disruptions in the real estate market could significantly impair the value
of our collateral and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. The real estate collateral in each case provides an alternate
source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. If real
estate values decline, it will become more likely that we would be required to increase our allowance for loan losses. If during a period
of reduced real estate values, we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt or to increase our allowance
for loan losses, it could materially reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our concentration of residential mortgage
loans exposes us to increased lending risks. 

At June 30, 2023, 240.1 million, or 76.1 , of
our loan portfolio was secured by one-to-four family real estate, all of which is located in the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and we intend
to continue this type of lending in the foreseeable future. One-to-four family residential mortgage lending is generally sensitive to
regional and local economic conditions that significantly impact the ability of borrowers to meet their loan payment obligations, making
loss levels difficult to predict. A decline in residential real estate values as a result of a downturn in the local housing markets or
in the markets in neighboring states in which we originate residential mortgage loans could reduce the value of the real estate collateral
securing these types of loans. Declines in real estate values could cause some of our residential mortgages to be inadequately collateralized,
which would expose us to a greater risk of loss if we seek to recover on defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral. 

The distressed economy in First Federal
of Hazard s market area could hurt our profits and slow our growth. 

Our banks operate in three distinct market areas.
First Federal of Hazard s market area consists of Perry and surrounding counties in eastern Kentucky. The economy in this market
area has been distressed in recent years due to the decline in the coal industry on which the economy has been dependent. While the region
has seen improvement in the economy from the influx of other industries, such as health care and manufacturing, the competition provided
by new methods of extracting natural gas has recently hurt the coal industry. As a consequence, the economy in First Federal of Hazard s
market area continues to lag behind the economies of Kentucky and the United States and First Federal of Hazard has experienced insufficient
loan demand in its market area. Moreover, the slow economy in First Federal of Hazard s market area will limit our ability to grow
our asset base in that market. 

18 

Our mortgage banking revenue and the value
of our mortgage servicing rights can be volatile. 

We plan to continue to sell our longer-term, conforming
and non-conforming fixed-rate loans that we originate to generate noninterest income. We also earn revenue from fees we receive for servicing
mortgage loans. Changes in interest rates may impact our mortgage banking revenues, which could negatively impact our noninterest income.
When rates rise, the demand for mortgage loans usually tends to fall, reducing loan origination volume and the related amount of gains
on the sales of loans. Under the same conditions, net revenue from our mortgage servicing activities can increase due to slower prepayments,
which reduces our amortization expense for mortgage servicing rights. When rates fall, mortgage originations usually tend to increase
and the value of our mortgage servicing rights usually tends to decline, also with some offsetting revenue effect. During the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023, non-interest income decreased 213,000 or 41.4 and totaled 302,000, primarily due to decreased gains on loan sales. 

In addition, our results of operations are affected
by the amount of noninterest expenses associated with mortgage banking activities, such as salaries and employee benefits (including commissions),
occupancy, equipment and data processing expense, and other operating costs. During periods of reduced loan demand, our results of operations
may be adversely affected to the extent that we are unable to reduce expenses commensurate with the decline in mortgage loan origination
activity. 

Liquidity Risk 

Financial challenges at other banking institutions could lead
to depositor concerns that spread within the banking industry causing disruptive and destabilizing deposit outflows. 

In March 2023, Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank experienced large
deposit outflows coupled with insufficient liquidity to meet withdrawal demands, resulting in the institutions being placed into FDIC
receivership. In May 2023, First Republic Bank was also placed into FDIC receivership. In the aftermath of these events, there has been
substantial market disruption and concerns that diminished depositor confidence could spread across the banking industry, leading to deposit
outflows that could destabilize other institutions. To strengthen public confidence in the banking system, the FDIC took action to protect
funds held in uninsured deposit accounts at Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic Bank. However, the FDIC has not committed
to protecting uninsured deposits in other institutions that experience outsized withdrawal demands. To further bolster the banking system,
the Federal Reserve Board created a new Bank Term Funding Program to provide an additional source of liquidity. At June 30, 2023, we had
 20.2 million in available liquidity, including 8.2 million in cash and cash equivalents. Our uninsured deposits are estimated to be
approximately 13.8 million or 6.10 of total deposits. At June 30, 2023, we had off-balance sheet liquidity sources totaling 89.3 million,
including 87.3 million in additional borrowing capacity at the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati. Notwithstanding our significant
liquidity, large deposit outflows could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and could result in the closure
of the Banks. Furthermore, the recent bank failures may result in strengthening of capital and liquidity rules which, if the revised rules
apply to us, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Insufficient liquidity or liquidity related
concerns could impair our ability to fund operations, pay dividends on outstanding shares of stock, and jeopardize our financial condition,
growth and prospects. 

We require sufficient liquidity to fund loan commitments,
satisfy depositor withdrawal requests, make payments on our debt obligations as they become due, and meet other cash commitments. Liquidity
risk is the potential that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they become due because of an inability to liquidate assets or
obtain adequate funding at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse conditions or consequences. Our sources of liquidity
consist primarily of cash, assets readily convertible to cash (such as investment securities), increases in deposits, advances, as needed,
from the FHLB, borrowings, as needed, from the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland and other borrowings. Our access to funding sources in
amounts adequate to finance our activities or on acceptable terms could be impaired by factors that affect our organization specifically
or the financial services industry or economy in general. Any substantial, unexpected, and/or prolonged change in the level or cost of
liquidity, or any liquidity related requirements imposed by our regulators, could impair our ability to fund operations, pay dividends
on outstanding shares of stock, enact stock repurchases, and meet our obligations as they become due and could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
Generally 

We expect that the implementation of a new
accounting standard could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has adopted a new accounting standard that will be effective for the Kentucky First, First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky
for our fiscal year beginning July 1, 2023. This standard, referred to as Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, will require financial
institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans, and provide for the expected credit losses as
allowances for loan losses. This will change the current method of providing allowances for loan losses that are probable, which we expect
could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses, and will likely greatly increase the data we would need to collect and review
to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses, or expenses incurred
to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. 

Our FDIC deposit insurance premiums and
assessments may increase, which would reduce our profitability. 

On March 12, 2023, the Department of the Treasury,
the Federal Reserve and the FDIC issued a joint statement relating to the resolution of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank that stated
that losses to support uninsured deposits of those banks would be recovered via a special assessment on banks. On May 11, 2023 the FDIC
Board of Directors approved a notice of proposed rulemaking, which would implement a special assessment to recover the cost associated
with protecting uninsured depositors following the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. In general, large banks with large
amounts of uninsured deposits benefitted most from the protection of uninsured depositors. Banking organizations with total assets over
 50 billion would pay more than 95 percent of the special assessment and banking organizations with total assets under 5 billion would
not be subject to the special assessment. Under the current provisions of this notice of proposed rulemaking, we believe that we would
not be impacted by the special assessment associated with the most recent banking organization closures. 

Strong competition within our market areas
could hurt our profits and slow growth. 

Although we consider ourselves competitive in
our market areas, we face intense competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. Price competition for loans and deposits might
result in our earning less on our loans and paying more on our deposits, which reduces net interest income. Some of the institutions with
which we compete have substantially greater resources than we have and may offer services that we do not provide. We expect competition
to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in
the financial services industry. Our profitability will depend upon our continued ability to compete successfully in our market areas. 

Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 

Changes in laws and regulations and the
cost of regulatory compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and/or increase our costs of operations. 

The Banks are subject to extensive regulation,
supervision and examination by the OCC. The Company is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve
Board. Such regulation and supervision govern the activities in which an institution and its holding company may engage and is intended
primarily for the protection of the federal deposit insurance fund and the depositors of the Banks rather than the protection of the Company s
stockholders. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition
of restrictions on our operations, the classification of our assets and determination of the adequacy of the level of our allowance for
loan losses. These regulations, along with existing tax, accounting, securities, insurance and monetary laws, rules, standards, policies,
and interpretations, control the methods by which financial institutions conduct business, implement strategic initiatives and tax compliance,
and govern financial reporting and disclosures. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy,
regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our operations. Further, changes in accounting standards
can be both difficult to predict and involve judgment and discretion in their interpretation by us and our independent accounting firm.
These changes could materially impact, potentially even retroactively, how we report our financial condition and results of operations. 

Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act,
Bank Secrecy Act, or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions. 

The USA PATRIOT and Bank Secrecy Acts require
financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering and terrorist activities.
If such activities are suspected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with the U.S. Treasury s
Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and
verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines
or sanctions, including restrictions on pursuing any acquisitions or establishing or acquiring new branches. The policies and procedures
we have adopted that are designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations may not be effective in preventing violations
of these laws and regulations. Furthermore, these rules and regulations continue to evolve and expand. We have not been subject to fines
or other penalties, or have suffered business or reputational harm, as a result of money laundering activities in the past. 

20 

Monetary policies and regulations of the
Federal Reserve Board could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition to being affected by general economic
conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve Board. An important function of the Federal Reserve
Board is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement these
objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments to the discount rate and changes in banks 
reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and
the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.
The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial
institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial
condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. 

We may be adversely affected by recent changes
in U.S. tax laws and regulations. 

Changes in tax laws contained in the Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act, which was enacted in December 2017, include a number of provisions that will have an impact on the banking industry,
borrowers and the market for residential real estate. Included in this legislation were: (i) a lower limit on the deductibility of
mortgage interest on single-family residential mortgage loans, (ii) the elimination of interest deductions for home equity loans, (iii)
a limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense and (iv) a limitation on the deductibility of property taxes and state
and local income taxes. 

The recent changes in the tax laws may have an
adverse effect on the market for, and valuation of, residential properties, and on the demand for such loans in the future, and could
make it harder for borrowers to make their loan payments. If home ownership becomes less attractive, demand for mortgage loans could decrease.
The value of the properties securing loans in our loan portfolio may be adversely impacted as a result of the changing economics of home
ownership, which could require an increase in our provision for loan losses, which would reduce our profitability and could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be subject to more stringent
capital requirements which could result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, and limit our ability to
pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock. 

Federal regulations establish minimum capital
requirements for insured depository institutions, including minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, and define capital 
for calculating these ratios. The minimum capital requirements are: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a Tier
1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6 (increased from 4 ); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 (unchanged from current rules); and
(iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 . The regulations also establish a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , and will result
in the following minimum ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7 ; (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5 ;
and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . The new capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625 
of risk-weighted assets and increased each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution will be subject to limitations
on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount.
These limitations will establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that can be utilized for such actions. As of June 30,
2023, the capital levels of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky exceed the required capital amounts according to the
Community Bank Leverage Ratio regulations and we believe they also meet the fully-phased in minimum capital requirements. See Note K-Stockholders 
Equity and Regulatory Capital of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The application of more stringent capital requirements
for us could among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, and result in regulatory
actions constraining us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares if we were unable to comply with such requirements. See Regulation
and Supervision Regulation of Federal Savings Associations Capital Requirements. 

21 

The Federal Reserve Board may require us to commit capital
resources to support the Banks. 

Federal law requires that a holding company act as a source of financial
and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support such subsidiary banks. Under the source of strength 
doctrine, the Federal Reserve Board may require a holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may
charge the holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to a subsidiary bank. A capital
injection may be required at times when the holding company may not have the resources to provide it and therefore may be required to
borrow the funds or raise capital. Thus, any borrowing or funds needed to raise capital required to make a capital injection may be more
expensive or difficult to obtain and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Accounting Matters 

Changes in management s estimates and assumptions may have
a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and our financial condition or operating results. 

In preparing the periodic reports and consolidated financial statements
we file under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, our management is and will be required under applicable rules and regulations
to make estimates and assumptions as of a specified date. These estimates and assumptions are based on management s best estimates
and experience as of that date and are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty. Materially different results may occur as circumstances
change and additional information becomes known. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include our evaluation
of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses, the valuation of mortgage servicing rights, and the fair value of financial instruments. 

Changes in accounting standards could affect reported earnings. 

The bodies responsible for establishing accounting standards, including
the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the
financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict
and can materially impact how we record and report our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could
be required to apply new or revised guidance retroactively. 

If we are required to impair our goodwill, intangibles, or other
long-lived assets, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350,
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other and ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, we are required to perform an annual impairment review of
goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets which could result in an impairment charge if it is determined that the carrying value
of the assets are in excess of the fair value. We perform the impairment test annually during our fourth fiscal quarter. Goodwill, intangibles
and other long-lived assets are also tested more frequently if changes in circumstances or the occurrence of events indicates that a potential
impairment exists. When changes in circumstances, such as changes in the variables associated with the judgments, assumptions and estimates
made in assessing the appropriate fair value indicate the carrying amount of certain assets may not be recoverable, the assets are evaluated
for impairment. If actual operating results differ from these assumptions, it may result in an asset impairment. As of June 30, 2020,
management early adopted ASU 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which
simplifies the required method for estimating the fair value of the Company. Future write-downs of intangibles and other long-lived assets
could affect certain of the financial covenants under our debt agreements, could restrict our financial flexibility, and would impact
our results of operations. 

22 

Risks Related to Operational Matters 

We are subject to certain risks in connection
with our use of technology. 

Our security measures may not be sufficient to
mitigate the risk of a cyber attack. Communications and information systems are essential to the conduct of our business, as we use such
systems to manage our customer relationships, our general ledger and virtually all other aspects of our business. Our operations rely
on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Although
we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, the security of our computer systems, software, and
networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code and cyber attacks that
could have a security impact. If one or more of these events occur, this could jeopardize our or our customers confidential and
other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions
or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our customers or counterparties. We may be required to expend significant additional
resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject
to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. We
could also suffer significant reputational damage. 

Security breaches in our Internet banking activities
could further expose us to possible liability and damage our reputation. Any compromise of our security also could deter customers from
using our Internet banking services that involve the transmission of confidential information. We rely on standard Internet security systems
to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of data. These precautions may not protect our systems
from compromises or breaches of our security measures, which could result in significant legal liability and significant damage to our
reputation and our business. 

Our security measures may not protect us
from systems failures or interruptions. 

While we have established policies and procedures
to prevent or limit the impact of systems failures and interruptions, there can be no assurance that such events will not occur or that
they will be adequately addressed if they do. In addition, we outsource certain aspects of our data processing and other operational functions
to certain third-party providers. If our third-party providers encounter difficulties, or if we have difficulty in communicating with
them, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected, and our business operations could be adversely
impacted. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information through various other vendors and their
personnel. 

The occurrence of any failures or interruptions
may require us to identify alternative sources of such services, and we cannot assure you that we could negotiate terms that are as favorable
to us, or could obtain services with similar functionality as found in our existing systems without the need to expend substantial resources,
if at all. Further, the occurrence of any systems failure or interruption could damage our reputation and result in a loss of customers
and business, could subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or could expose us to legal liability. Any of these occurrences could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We must keep pace with technological change
to remain competitive. 

Financial products and services have become increasingly
technology-driven. Our ability to meet the needs of our customers competitively, and in a cost-efficient manner, is dependent on the ability
to keep pace with technological advances and to invest in new technology as it becomes available, as well as related essential personnel.
In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry into the financial services market and made it possible for financial technology
companies and other non-bank entities to offer financial products and services traditionally provided by banks. The ability to keep pace
with technological change is important, and the failure to do so, due to cost, proficiency or otherwise, could have a material adverse
impact on our business and therefore on our financial condition and results of operations. 

23 

Risks Related to Our Holding Company Structure 

First Federal MHC owns a majority of our
common stock and is able to exercise voting control over most matters put to a vote of stockholders, including preventing sale or merger
transactions you may like or a second-step conversion by First Federal MHC. 

First Federal MHC owns a majority of our common
stock and, through its Board of Directors, is able to exercise voting control over most matters put to a vote of stockholders. As a federally
chartered mutual holding company, the board of directors of First Federal MHC must ensure that the interests of depositors of First Federal
of Hazard are represented and considered in matters put to a vote of stockholders of Kentucky First. Therefore, the votes cast by First
Federal MHC may not be in your personal best interests as a stockholder. For example, First Federal MHC may exercise its voting control
to prevent a sale or merger transaction in which stockholders could receive a premium for their shares, prevent a second-step conversion
transaction by First Federal MHC or defeat a stockholder nominee for election to the Board of Directors of Kentucky First Federal. However,
implementation of a stock-based incentive plan will require approval of Kentucky First Federal s stockholders other than First Federal
MHC. Federal Reserve Board regulations would likely prevent an acquisition of Kentucky First other than by another mutual holding company
or a mutual institution. 

Our ability to pay dividends is subject
to the ability of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky to make capital distributions to Kentucky First Federal and the
waiver of dividends by First Federal MHC. 

Our long-term ability to pay dividends to our
stockholders is based primarily upon the ability of the Banks to make capital distributions to Kentucky First Federal, and also on the
availability of cash at the holding company level in the event earnings are not sufficient to pay dividends according to the cash dividend
payout policy. Under Office of the Comptroller of the Currency safe harbor regulations, the Banks may each distribute to Kentucky First
capital not exceeding net retained income for the current calendar year and the prior two calendar years. First Federal MHC owns a majority
of Kentucky First Federal s outstanding stock. First Federal MHC has historically waived its right to dividends on the Kentucky
First common shares it owns, in which case the amount of dividends paid to public stockholders is significantly higher than it would be
if First Federal MHC accepted dividends. First Federal MHC is not required to waive dividends, but Kentucky First expects this practice
to continue, subject to member and regulatory approval annually. First Federal MHC is required to obtain a waiver from the Federal Reserve
Board allowing it to waive its right to dividends. 

The Federal Reserve Board in 2011 issued regulations
that govern the activities of Kentucky First Federal and First Federal MHC and the regulations were implemented in the fourth quarter
of 2011. Under Section 239.8(d) of the Federal Reserve Board s Regulation MM governing dividend waivers, a mutual holding company
may waive its right to dividends on shares of its subsidiary if the mutual holding company gives written notice of the waiver to the Federal
Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Board does not object. For a company such as First Federal MHC that waived dividends prior to December
1, 2009, the Federal Reserve Board may not object to a dividend waiver if such waiver would not be detrimental to the safety and soundness
of the savings association subsidiary and the board of directors of the mutual holding company expressly determines that such dividend
waiver is consistent with the board s fiduciary duties to the members of the mutual holding company. 

To address concerns with respect to the conflict
of interest created by dividend waivers, Regulation MM requires the board of directors of the mutual holding company to adopt a resolution
that describes the conflict of interest that exists because of a director s ownership of stock in the subsidiary declaring the dividends
and any actions the mutual holding company board have taken to eliminate the conflict of interest, such as the directors waiving
their right to receive dividends. Also, the resolution must contain an affirmation that a majority of the mutual members eligible to vote
have, within the 12 months prior to the declaration date of the dividend, voted to approve the waiver of dividends. 

First Federal MHC has received Federal Reserve
Board approval to waive quarterly dividends totaling 0.40 per share annually beginning with the dividend paid on September 28, 2012 and
continuing through the dividend payable in the third quarter of 2024. It is expected that First Federal MHC will continue to waive future
dividends, except to the extent dividends are needed to fund First Federal MHC s continuing operations, subject to the ability of
First Federal MHC to obtain regulatory approval of its requests to waive dividends and to its ability to obtain member approval of dividend
waivers. 

24 

We cannot predict whether members will continue
to approve annual dividend waiver requests or whether the Federal Reserve Board will grant future dividend waiver requests and, if granted,
there can be no assurance as to the conditions, if any, the Federal Reserve Board will place on future dividend waiver requests by grandfathered
mutual holding companies such as First Federal MHC. If First Federal MHC is unable to waive the receipt of dividends, our ability to pay
dividends to our stockholders may be substantially impaired and the amounts of any such dividends may be significantly reduced. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . 

None. 

Item 2. Properties . 

We conduct our business through seven offices.
The following table sets forth certain information relating to our offices at June 30, 2023. 

Year Opened/ Acquired 
 Owned or Leased 
 Net Book Value at June 30, 2023 
 Approximate Square 
 Footage 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 First Federal of Hazard Main Office: 655 Main Street Hazard, Kentucky 41701 
 2016 
 Owned 
 667 
 5,600 

First
Federal of Kentucky 
 Main Office: 216 West Main Street Frankfort, Kentucky 40601 
 2005 
 Owned 
 875 
 14,000 

194 Versailles Road Frankfort, Kentucky 40601 
 2015 
 Owned 
 804 
 2,700 

1220 US 127 South Frankfort, Kentucky 40601 
 2005 
 Owned 
 428 
 2,480 

340 West Main Street Danville, Kentucky 40422 
 2012 
 Owned 
 483 
 8,700 

120 Skywatch Drive Danville, Kentucky 40422 
 2012 
 Owned 
 669 
 2,300 

208 Lexington Street Lancaster, Kentucky 40444 
 2012 
 Owned 
 388 
 4,300 

The net book value of our investment in premises
and equipment was 4.4 million at June 30, 2023. See Note E of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 

From time to time, we may be defendants in claims
and lawsuits against us, such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation proceedings on properties in which we hold security interests,
claims involving the making and servicing of real property loans and other issues incident to our business. We are not a party to any
pending legal proceedings that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 

Not applicable. 

25 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the
Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

(a) 
 The information contained under the sections captioned Market Information in the Company s Annual Report to Stockholders for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 (the Annual Report filed as Exhibit 13 hereto is incorporated herein by reference. 

(b) 
 Not applicable. 

(c) 
 The Company repurchased the following equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

Period 
 (a) Total Number 
 of Shares Purchased 
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share 
 (c) Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced 
 Plans or 
 Programs 
 (d) Maximum Number 
 of Shares 
 That May 
 Yet Be 
 Purchased 
 Under the Plans or Programs 
 (1) 
 
 April 2023 Beginning date: April 1 Ending date: April 30 

10,980 

May 2023 Beginning date: May 1 Ending date: May 31 
 10,980 
 6.05 
 10,980 

June 2023 Beginning date: June 1 Ending date: June 30 

Total 
 10,980 
 6.05 
 10,980 
 10,980 

(1) 
 On May 18, 2023, the Company announced that it had substantially completed its program to repurchase up to 150,000 shares of its Common Stock, which was initiated on February 3, 2021. 

26 

Item 6. [Reserved] . 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

The information contained in the section captioned
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Annual Report,
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk . 

This item is not applicable, as the Company is
a smaller reporting company. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data . 

The Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Selected Financial Data, which are listed
under Item 15 herein, are included in the Annual Report and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . 

(a) 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s management, including the
Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
(the Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the
purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange
Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

27 

(b) 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Parent Company of First Federal Savings and Loan Association of
Hazard and First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL
CONTROL 

OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Management of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp (the
 Company is responsible for the preparation, integrity, and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements included
in this annual report. The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America and, as such, include some amounts that are based on the best estimates and judgments
of management. 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The internal control system is designed to provide
reasonable assurance to management and the Board of Directors regarding the reliability of the company s financial reporting and
the preparation and presentation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, as well as to safeguard assets from unauthorized use or disposition. The system of internal
control over financial reporting is evaluated for effectiveness by management and tested for reliability through a program of internal
audit with actions taken to correct potential deficiencies as they are identified. Because of inherent limitations in any internal control
system, no matter how well designed, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected, including the possibility of the
circumvention or overriding controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the company s
internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based upon criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 COSO ). 

Based on this assessment and on the forgoing criteria,
management has concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers
that are not large accelerated filers or accelerated filers under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act. 

/s/ Don D. Jennings 
 
 /s/ R. Clay Hulette 
 
 Don D. Jennings 
 
 R. Clay Hulette 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

28 

(c) 
 Changes to Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information . 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers,
and Corporate Governance . 

Directors 

The information contained under the section captioned
 Item I Election of Directors in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2023
Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Executive Officers 

The information regarding the Company s
executive officers is incorporated herein by reference to Item I Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement. 

Corporate Governance 

Information regarding the Company s Audit
Committee and Audit Committee financial expert is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Corporate Governance
and Board Matters Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee in the Proxy Statement. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

Information regarding compliance with Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference to section captioned Other Information Relating to Directors and Executive
Officers Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement. 

Disclosure of Code of Ethics 

Kentucky First has adopted a Code of Ethics and
Business Conduct that applies to all of its directors, officers and employees. To obtain a copy of this document at no charge, please
write to Kentucky First Federal Bancorp, P.O. Box 535, Frankfort, Kentucky 40602-0535, or call toll-free (888) 818-3372 and ask for Investor
Relations. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . 

The information contained under the section captioned
 Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

30 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

(a) 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners. Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement. 

(b) 
 Security Ownership of Management. Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement. 

(c) 
 Changes in Control. Management of the Company knows of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

(d) 
 Equity Compensation Plans. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the Company s equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2023. 

(a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (b) Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence . 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

The information required by this item is incorporated
herein by reference to the section captioned Other Information Relating to Directors and Executive Officers Transactions
with Related Persons in the Proxy Statement. 

Corporate Governance 

For information regarding director independence,
the section captioned, Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Independence is incorporated herein
by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 

The information required by this item is incorporated
herein by reference to the section captioned Audit Related Matters in the Proxy Statement. 

31 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules . 

(a) 
 List of Documents Filed as Part of This Report 

(1) 
 Financial Statements . The following consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference from Item 8 hereof (see Exhibit 13): 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID 21 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 23 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 24 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 25 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 26 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 27 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 29 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules . All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto. 

32 

(3) 
 Exhibits . The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is also the Exhibit Index. 

No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 1 
 
 Charter of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 3.2 2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 3.3 3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 3.4 4 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Bylaws of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 3.5 5 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Bylaws of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 4.1 1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 4.2 6 
 
 Description of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp s Common Stock Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 10.1 7 
 
 Employment Agreement between Kentucky First Federal Bancorp and Don D. Jennings, as amended 
 
 10.2 7 
 
 Employment Agreement between First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky and Don D. Jennings, as amended 
 
 10.3 7 
 
 Employment Agreement between Kentucky First Federal Bancorp and R. Clay Hulette, as amended 
 
 10.4 7 
 
 Employment Agreement between First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky and R. Clay Hulette, as amended 
 
 10.5 7 
 
 Employment Agreement between First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky and Teresa Kuhl, as amended 
 
 10.6 7 
 
 Amended and Restated First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard Change in Control Severance Compensation Plan 
 
 10.7 7 
 
 Amended and Restated First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky Change in Control Severance Compensation Plan 
 
 10.8 7 
 
 Amended and Restated First Federal Savings and Loan Association Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 10.15 6 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between First Federal Savings and Loan of Hazard and Jamie S. Coffey 

13 
 
 Annual Report to Stockholders for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 
 101 
 
 The following materials
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting
 Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of
 Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows and the (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-119041). 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2012 (File No. 0-51176). 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2017 (File No. 000-51176). 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2020 (File No. 000-51176). 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 (File No. 000-51176). 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2020 (File No. 0-51176). 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 0-51176). 

(b) 
 Exhibits . The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are either filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference herein. 

(c) 
 Financial Statements and Schedules Excluded from Annual Report . There are no other financial statements and financial statement schedules which were excluded from the Annual Report to Stockholders pursuant to Rule 14a-3(b) which are required to be included herein. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 

Not applicable. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Don D. Jennings 

Don D. Jennings 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Don D. Jennings 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Don D. Jennings 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ R. Clay Hulette 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 R. Clay Hulette 

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Tony D. Whitaker 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Tony D. Whitaker 

Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Stephen G. Barker 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Stephen G. Barker 

Director 

/s/ Walter G. Ecton, Jr. 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Walter G. Ecton, Jr. 

Director 

/s/ Lou Ella Farler 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Lou Ella Farler 

Director 

/s/ William D. Gorman, Jr. 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 William D. Gorman, Jr. 

Director 

/s/ David R. Harrod 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 David R. Harrod 

Director 

/s/ William H. Johnson 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 William H. Johnson 

Director 

34 

<EX-13>
 2
 f10k2023ex13_kentuckyfirst.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023

Exhibit 13 

Parent company of 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association
of Hazard 

and 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

2023 

Annual Report 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp Kentucky First Federal or the Company was formed under federal law in March 2005 and is the holding company
for First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard, Hazard, Kentucky First Federal of Hazard and First Federal Savings
Bank of Kentucky, Frankfort, Kentucky First Federal of Kentucky (collectively, the Banks ). Kentucky First
Federal s operations consist primarily of operating the Banks as two independent, community-oriented savings institutions. 

First Federal of Hazard is
a federally chartered savings and loan association offering traditional financial services to consumers in Perry and surrounding counties
in eastern Kentucky. First Federal of Hazard engages primarily in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and using
such funds to originate, when available, loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied, residential real estate and, occasionally,
other loans secured by real estate. To the extent there is insufficient loan demand in its market area, and where appropriate under its
investment policies, First Federal of Hazard has historically invested in mortgage-backed and other securities, although since formation
of the Company in 2005, First Federal of Hazard has been purchasing whole loans and participations in loans originated at First Federal
of Kentucky. 

First Federal of Kentucky
is a federally chartered savings bank which is primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and the
origination primarily of adjustable-rate loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied and non-owner-occupied one-to four-family
residences in Franklin, Boyle, Garrard and surrounding counties in Kentucky. First Federal of Kentucky also originates, to a lesser extent,
home equity loans, loans secured by churches, multi-family properties, professional office buildings and other types of property, as well
as consumer loans and commercial and industrial loans. 

MARKET INFORMATION 

The Company s common
stock began trading under the symbol KFFB on the Nasdaq National Market on March 3, 2005. There are currently 8,086,715
shares of common stock outstanding and approximately 522 holders of record of the common stock. Following are the high and low closing
prices, by fiscal quarter, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market during the periods indicated, as well as dividends declared on the
common stock during each quarter. 

Fiscal 2023 
 High 
 Low 
 Dividends 
Per Share 
 
 First quarter 
 8.05 
 7.10 
 0.10 
 
 Second quarter 
 7.88 
 6.62 
 0.10 
 
 Third quarter 
 7.32 
 6.00 
 0.10 
 
 Fourth quarter 
 6.84 
 5.48 
 0.10 

Fiscal 2022 
 High 
 Low 
 Dividends 
Per Share 
 
 First quarter 
 7.59 
 6.95 
 0.10 
 
 Second quarter 
 7.79 
 6.95 
 0.10 
 
 Third quarter 
 8.00 
 6.98 
 0.10 
 
 Fourth quarter 
 8.69 
 7.00 
 0.10 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 i 
 
 Market Information 
 i 
 
 Letter to Shareholders 
 1 
 
 Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data 
 2 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 4 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 21 

ii 

Dear Shareholder: 

We are pleased to present the 2023 Annual Report
for Kentucky First Federal Bancorp. We encourage you to read both the Annual Report and Proxy Statement. We encourage you to
vote and, if possible, to attend our annual meeting on November 16, 2023. We are excited to return to The Challenger Center on the campus
of Hazard Community and Technical College for this year s meeting. The location is One Community College Drive in Hazard, KY. 

We indeed are living in interesting times. The
past two years have seen the pendulum swing perhaps from one extreme to the other. As we began fiscal 2022 we saw relatively higher real
estate prices and low interest rates and higher levels of deposits in general, while the year closed with a couple of interest rate increases
from the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC). Fiscal 2023 brought additional FOMC interest rate increases, which at the time of this
writing constitute the highest and fasted interest rate increases in the history of the United States. The dramatic increase in interest
rates proved challenging for nearly all banks and some were less prepared than others. In the spring of 2023 three large regional banks
failed sending shock waves through the market and causing regulatory intervention in an attempt to quell concerns. Our preparation for
higher general interest rates proved useful, but the extent of the increases required somewhat different tactics. We continue to focus
on community banking during this difficult time by concentrating on our core business, which is attracting local deposits and lending
funds primarily residential real estate. We are exploring additional sources of funding in response to migration of many deposits to larger
banks caused by concerns about the large regional banks. 

As shareholders, we appreciate the members of
First Federal Savings and Loan for their continued support of the dividend waiver. For the eleventh year in a row, they have voted
overwhelmingly to allow us to waive the dividend which allows Kentucky First to pay a competitive dividend. 

I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate
one long-term employee on her retirement. Yvonne Thornberry retired in September after serving in Frankfort in the loan department for
52 years. Yvonne started working for First Federal immediately out of high school and became a fixture in our community by working on
countless loans over her career. At one time she was known for having memorized each customer s loan number. Yvonne exemplifies
the dedication and commitment for which our employees are known. Yvonne continues to serve in a part-time capacity by working a few days
each week. 

It is with great sadness that we acknowledge the
passing of William C. Jennings, whose banking career spanned in excess of 50 years. Bill was a strong leader and mentor to many of us
through the years. Without his talent, leadership and vision, First Federal of Kentucky would not be the institution that it is today.
He is and will continue to be missed in the future. 

Please keep First Federal in mind for your banking
needs in Frankfort, Danville, Lancaster, and Hazard and to recommend us to family and friends. All of our markets are very competitive
and, while we market to offer attractive rates and useful products, it is often word of mouth or any additional help our shareholders
can provide is appreciated. When you bank with us, you help yourself (and we think you will enjoy our excellent products and services.)
Please let us know if there s anything we can do for you. 

Sincerely, 

Don Jennings 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

1 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA 

Selected Financial Condition Data 

At June 30, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Total assets 
 349,022 
 328,080 
 338,063 
 321,136 
 330,771 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 8,167 
 25,823 
 21,648 
 13,702 
 9,861 
 
 Time deposits 
 - 
 - 
 247 
 2,229 
 6,962 
 
 Securities held to maturity 
 274 
 339 
 462 
 598 
 775 
 
 Securities available for sale 
 12,080 
 10,477 
 33 
 541 
 1,045 
 
 Loans, net 
 313,807 
 274,583 
 297,902 
 285,887 
 280,969 
 
 Deposits 
 226,309 
 239,857 
 226,843 
 212,273 
 195,836 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 70,087 
 34,066 
 56,873 
 54,715 
 66,703 
 
 Shareholders equity 
 50,711 
 52,025 
 52,296 
 51,911 
 66,278 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 1,634 
 1,529 
 1,622 
 1,488 
 1,456 
 
 Nonperforming loans (90 days delinquent and nonaccrual) 
 4,701 
 5,819 
 6,655 
 7,395 
 8,028 

Selected Financial Condition Data 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Total interest income 
 12,758 
 10,914 
 12,152 
 12,823 
 12,700 
 
 Total interest expense 
 3,902 
 1,754 
 2,141 
 3,499 
 3,252 
 
 Net interest income 
 8,856 
 9,160 
 10,011 
 9,324 
 9,448 
 
 Provision (credit) for losses on loans 
 113 
 (60 
 192 
 103 
 11 
 
 Net interest income after provision for losses on loans 
 8,743 
 9,220 
 9,819 
 9,221 
 9,437 
 
 Total non-interest income 
 302 
 515 
 595 
 399 
 243 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 13,560 
 - 
 
 Total non-interest expenses 
 7,818 
 7,668 
 8,242 
 8,343 
 8,727 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 1,227 
 2,067 
 2,172 
 (12,283 
 953 
 
 Income taxes (benefit) 
 294 
 477 
 352 
 264 
 141 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 933 
 1,590 
 1,820 
 (12,547 
 812 
 
 Net earnings (loss) per share-basic and diluted 
 0.11 
 0.19 
 0.22 
 (1.52 
 0.10 
 
 Cash dividends declared per common share 
 0.40 
 0.40 
 0.40 
 0.40 
 0.40 

2 

Selected Financial Ratios and Other Data (1) 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Performance Ratios: 

Return on average assets (net income (loss) divided by average total assets) 
 0.28 
 0.47 
 0.55 
 -3.80 
 0.25 
 
 Return on average equity (net income (loss) divided by average equity) 
 1.81 
 3.04 
 3.50 
 -19.01 
 1.21 
 
 Interest rate spread (combined weighted average interest rate earned less combined weighted average interest rate cost) 
 2.48 
 2.68 
 3.00 
 2.82 
 2.97 
 
 Net interest margin (net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets) 
 2.73 
 2.81 
 3.14 
 3.05 
 3.19 
 
 Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 
 120.50 
 122.95 
 120.39 
 119.57 
 120.03 
 
 Ratio of total general administrative and other expenses to average total assets 
 2.33 
 2.28 
 2.50 
 6.63 
 2.72 
 
 Efficiency
ratio 1 
 86.43 
 78.77 
 79.14 
 225.27 
 90.05 
 
 Dividend
payout ratio 2 
 146.09 
 87.67 
 76.26 
 -11.06 
 176.85 

Asset Quality Ratios: 

Nonperforming loans as a percent of total loans at end
 of period 3 
 1.49 
 2.11 
 2.22 
 2.57 
 2.84 
 
 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total assets at the end of period 
 1.37 
 1.78 
 1.99 
 2.50 
 2.64 
 
 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans at end of period 
 0.52 
 0.55 
 0.54 
 0.52 
 0.52 
 
 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of total nonperforming loans at end of period 
 34.76 
 26.28 
 24.37 
 20.12 
 18.14 
 
 Provision (credit) for loan losses to total loans 
 0.04 
 -0.02 
 0.06 
 0.04 
 0.00 
 
 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding 
 0.00 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 0.03 
 0.05 

Capital Ratios: 

Average equity to average assets 
 15.35 
 15.53 
 15.79 
 19.97 
 20.89 
 
 Shareholders equity to total assets at end of period 
 14.53 
 15.86 
 15.47 
 16.16 
 20.05 

Consolidated Regulatory Capital Ratios: 

Common equity Tier 1 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 26.79 
 
 Tier 1 (core) capital to risk-weighted assets 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 26.79 
 
 Total capital to risk-weighted assets 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 27.54 
 
 Tier 1 leverage capital to average assets 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 16.65 
 
 Community Bank Leverage Ratio 
 15.02 
 15.21 
 15.35 
 15.67 
 N/A 

Number of banking offices 
 7 
 7 
 7 
 7 
 7 

1 Efficiency ratio represents the ratio of non-interest expenses
divided by the sum of net interest income and total non-interest income. 

2 Represents dividends paid as a percent of net (loss) earnings.
Dividends paid does not include dividends waived by First Federal MHC. 

3 Nonperforming loans consist of nonaccrual loans, accruing
loans greater than 90 days delinquent, and restructured loans not performing according to their revised terms, while nonperforming assets
consist of nonperforming loans and real estate acquired through foreclosure. 

3 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL 

CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this Annual
Report to we, us, and our refer to Kentucky First Federal Bancorp and where appropriate, collectively
to Kentucky First Federal Bancorp, First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements contained
in this Annual Report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. When
used herein, the terms anticipates, plans, expects, believes, and similar expressions
as they relate to the Company or its management are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Kentucky First Federal Bancorp s
actual results, performance or achievements may materially differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Risks
and uncertainties that could cause or contribute to such material differences include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions,
prices for real estate in the Company s market areas, interest rate environment, competitive conditions in the financial services
industry, changes in law, governmental policies and regulations, rapidly changing technology affecting financial services, the potential
effects of COVID-19 pandemic on the local and national economic environment, on our customers and on our operations (as well as any changes
to federal, state and local government laws, regulations and orders in connection with the pandemic), and the other matters described
in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance
on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. 

Except as required by applicable
law or regulation, the Company does not undertake the responsibility, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to release publicly the
result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements
or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the
occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

General 

The Company was incorporated
as a mid-tier holding company under the laws of the United States on March 2, 2005, upon the completion of the reorganization of First
Federal of Hazard into a federal mutual holding company form of organization (the Reorganization ). On that date, Kentucky
First Federal also completed its minority stock offering and its concurrent acquisition of Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc. Frankfort
First Bancorp and its wholly owned subsidiary, First Federal of Kentucky, Frankfort Kentucky First Federal of Kentucky (the Merger ). Following the Reorganization and Merger, the Company has operated First Federal of Hazard and First Federal
of Kentucky (collectively, the Banks as two independent, community-oriented savings institutions. 

On December 31, 2012, the
Company acquired CKF Bancorp, Inc., a savings and loan holding company which operated three banking locations in Boyle and Garrard Counties
in Kentucky. In accounting for the transaction, the assets and liabilities of CKF Bancorp were recorded on the books of First Federal
of Kentucky in accordance with accounting standard ASC 805, Business Combinations. 

Our results of operations
are dependent primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between the income earned on our loans and securities and our
cost of funds, consisting of the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Results of operations are also affected by the provision for
losses on loans and service charges and fees collected on our deposit accounts. Our general, administrative, and other expense primarily
consists of employee compensation and benefits expense, occupancy and equipment expense, data processing expense, other operating expenses
and state and federal income taxes. Results of operations are also significantly affected by general economic and competitive conditions,
particularly changes in interest rates, government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. 

Business Continuity, Processes and Controls 

In response to the Covid-19
pandemic the Banks are considered essential businesses and have remained open for business. We implemented our pandemic preparedness
plan and generally maintained regular business hours through drive-through facilities, automated teller machines, remote deposit capture
and online and mobile banking applications. We offer by-appointment options for transactions requiring in-person contact while maintaining
social distancing mandates and surface cleaning protocols. Our staff is practicing recommended personal hygiene protocols and social
distancing while working on premises. We do not face current material resource constraints through the implementation of our pandemic
preparedness plan and do not anticipate incurring any material cost related to its implementation. We have not identified any material
operational or internal control challenges or risks, nor do we anticipate any significant challenges to our ability to maintain our systems
and controls, related to operational changes resulting from implementation of the pandemic preparedness plan. 

4 

Financial Position and Results of Operations 

Bank regulators have
issued guidance and are encouraging banks to work with customers affected by COVID-19. Accordingly, we have been actively working with
borrowers affected by COVID-19 by offering a payment deferral program providing for either a three-month interest-only period or a full
payment deferral for three months. While interest and fees will continue to accrue to income, under normal GAAP accounting if eventual
credit losses on these deferred payments emerge, interest and/or fee income accrued may need to be reversed. As a result, interest income
in future periods could be negatively impacted. At this time management anticipates that the deferral program will have an immaterial
impact to the Company s financial condition and results of operation, while recognizing that a sustained negative economic impact
from COVID-19 could change this assessment, as borrowers ability to repay is impacted in future periods. 

At June 30, 2023 the Company
and the Banks were considered well-capitalized with capital ratios in excess of regulatory requirements. However, an extended economic
recession resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely impact the Company s and the Banks capital position and regulatory
capital ratios due to a potential increase in credit losses. 

Lending Operations and Credit Risk 

The CARES Act includes a Paycheck
Protection Program PPP ), which is administered by the Small Business Administration SBA and was designed
to aid small- and medium-sized businesses through federally-guaranteed loans disbursed through banks in response t the COVID-19 pandemic.
These loans were intended to provide eight weeks of payroll and other costs to assist those businesses to either remain open or to re-open
quickly and allow their workers to pay their bills. First Federal of Kentucky qualified as an SBA lender to assist the small business
community in securing this important funding. As of the date of this filing, First Federal of Kentucky had outstanding 10 PPP loans representing
 111,000 in funding. It is our understanding that loans funded through the PPP are fully guaranteed by the United States government and,
if the borrower complies with provisions of the program, will be forgiven by the SBA. Should those circumstances change, the bank could
be required to increase its allowance for loan and lease losses related to these loans resulting in an increase in the provision for loan
and lease losses. 

Income . We have two primary sources
of pre-tax income. The first is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income, the income that we earn on our loans
and investments, and interest expense, the interest that we pay on our deposits and borrowings. 

To a much lesser extent, we
also recognize pre-tax income from fee and service charges, which is the compensation we receive from providing financial products and
services. However, during the twelve months ended June 30, 2022, we generated significant revenue from the sale of loans. 

Expenses . The
expenses we incur in operating our business consist of compensation, taxes and benefits, office occupancy, data processing fees, taxes,
and other expenses. 

Compensation, taxes, and benefits
consist primarily of the salaries and wages paid to our employees and directors, payroll taxes and expenses for retirement and other employee
benefits. 

Office occupancy expenses,
which are the fixed and variable costs of buildings and equipment, consist primarily of taxes, depreciation charges, maintenance, and
costs of utilities. 

Data processing fees primarily
include fees paid to our third-party data processing providers. 

Taxes consist of the current
and deferred portion of federal and state income taxes. 

Other expenses include expenses
for attorneys, accountants and consultants, advertising, telephone, employee training and education, charitable contributions, insurance,
office supplies, postage, and other miscellaneous operating activities. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our accounting and reporting
policies comply with U.S. GAAP and conform to general practices within the banking industry. We believe that of our significant accounting
policies, the following may involve a higher degree of management assumptions and judgments that could result in materially different
amounts to be reported if conditions or underlying circumstances were to change. 

Allowance for Loan Losses.
 The allowance for loan losses is the estimated amount considered necessary to cover probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio
at the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the provision for losses on loans, which is charged against income. 

5 

The management and the Boards
of the Company and of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky review the allowance for loan losses on a quarterly basis.
Consideration is given to a variety of factors in establishing this estimate including, but not limited to, current economic conditions,
delinquency statistics, geographic and industry concentrations, the adequacy of the underlying collateral, the financial strength of the
borrower, results of internal loan reviews, volume and mix of the loan portfolio and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently
subjective, as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to change. Management considers the economic climate in the Banks 
respective lending areas to be among the factors most likely to have an impact on the level of the required allowance for loan losses. 

Management continues to monitor
and evaluate factors which could have an impact on the required level of the allowance. Management watches for national issues that may
negatively affect a significant percentage of homeowners in the Banks lending areas. These may include significant increases in
unemployment or significant depreciation in home prices. Management reviews employment statistics periodically when determining the allowance
for loan losses and generally finds the unemployment rates in both lending areas to be high in relation to historical trends. Management
has no current plans to alter the type of lending or collateral currently offered, but if such plans change or market conditions result
in large concentrations of certain types of loans, such as commercial real estate or high loan-to-value ratio residential loans, management
will respond with an increase in the overall allowance for loan losses. 

The analysis has two components,
specific and general allocations. Loans are classified as either homogenous or other. Homogenous loans are analyzed in the aggregate according
to various criteria. Non-homogenous loans receive additional scrutiny and are classified as impaired or unimpaired. Specific allocations
are made for loans that are determined to be impaired. Impairment is measured by determining the present value of expected future cash
flows or, for collateral-dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral adjusted for market conditions and selling expenses. A loan
is considered collateral-dependent when the circumstances of the borrower indicate that we can no longer rely upon the overall financial
strength of that borrower to comply with the terms of the loan and that the loan will likely be repaid in whole or in part by proceeds
from the sale of the collateral. Updated independent appraisals are ordered in most situations where management has determined to evaluate
a loan for impairment. The general allocation is determined by segregating the remaining loans by type of loan, risk weighting (if applicable)
and payment history. We also analyze historical loss experience, delinquency trends, general economic conditions, and geographic and industry
concentrations. This analysis establishes factors that are applied to the loan groups to determine the amount of the general reserve.
Actual loan losses may be significantly more than the allowances we have established and, if so, this could have a material negative effect
on our financial results. 

Goodwill. We
test goodwill for impairment at least annually and more frequently, if circumstances indicate its value may not be recoverable. We test
goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to the book value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds
book value, then goodwill is not considered to be impaired. Based on the annual goodwill impairment test at June 30, 2023, and consideration
of potential triggering events through year end, management does not believe goodwill is impaired. 

Deferred Taxes. We
evaluate deferred tax assets and liabilities quarterly. We will realize these assets and liabilities to the extent profitable or carry
back tax losses to periods in which we paid income taxes. Our determination of the realization of the deferred tax asset will be based
upon management s judgment of various future events and uncertainties, including the timing and amount of future income we will
earn and the implementation of various tax plans to maximize realization of the deferred tax assets. Management believes the Company
will generate sufficient operating earnings to realize the deferred tax benefits. Examinations of our income tax returns or changes in
tax law may impact the tax liabilities and resulting provisions for income taxes. 

6 

Our Operating Strategy 

Our mission is to operate
and grow profitable, community-oriented financial institutions serving primarily retail customers in our market areas. We plan to pursue
a strategy of: 

operating two community-oriented savings institutions, First Federal of Hazard, which serves customers in Perry and surrounding counties in eastern Kentucky, and First Federal of Kentucky, which serves customers primarily in the central Kentucky counties of Franklin, Boyle, and Garrard, as well as their surrounding counties. Each Bank emphasizes traditional thrift activities of accepting deposits and originating primarily residential mortgage loans for portfolio; 

continuing our historic heavy reliance on our deposit base to fund our lending and investment activities and to supplement deposits with FHLB advances when advantageous or necessary. We expect our projected deposit mix to generally retain its existing composition of passbook, transaction, and certificate of deposit accounts; 

gradually pursuing opportunities to increase and diversify lending in our market areas; 

applying conservative underwriting practices to maintain the high quality of our loan portfolios; 

managing our net interest margin and interest rate risk; and 

entertaining possibilities of expansion into other markets through branching or acquisition, if such possibilities are beneficial to the Company s shareholders, provide a good fit within the Company s mutual holding company framework and can be accomplished without undue encumbrance of the Company s other operational areas. 

Market Risk Analysis 

Qualitative Aspects
of Market Risk . Our most significant form of market risk is interest rate risk. We manage the interest rate sensitivity of our
interest-bearing liabilities and interest-earning assets to minimize the adverse effects of changes in the interest rate environment.
Deposit accounts typically react more quickly to changes in market interest rates than mortgage loans because of the shorter maturities
of deposits. As a result, sharp increases in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings while decreases in interest rates may beneficially
affect our earnings. To reduce the potential volatility of our earnings, we have sought to improve the match between asset and liability
maturities (or rate adjustment periods), while maintaining an acceptable interest rate spread. Still, when market rates increase rapidly,
increases in the cost of deposits and borrowings outpace the increases in the return on assets. The Company s assets are primarily
comprised of adjustable-rate mortgages (all of which have some contractual limits in their ability to react to market changes) and short-term
securities. Those assets will, over time, re-price to counteract the increased costs of deposits and borrowings. 

Asset/Liability Management . 
Management and the boards of the subsidiary Banks are responsible for the asset/liability management issues that affect the individual
Banks. Either Bank may work with its sister Bank to mitigate potential asset/liability risks to the Banks and to the Company as a whole.
Management utilizes a third-party to perform interest rate risk IRR calculations for each of the Banks. Management monitors
and considers methods of managing the rate sensitivity and repricing characteristics of each of the Bank s balance sheet components
to maintain acceptable levels of change in the economic value of equity EVE as well as evaluating the impact on earnings
in the event of changes in prevailing market interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity analysis is used to measure our interest rate risk
by computing estimated changes in EVE that are a result of changes in the net present value of its cash flows from assets, liabilities,
and off-balance sheet items. These changes in cash flow are estimated based on hypothetical instantaneous and permanent increases and
decreases in market interest rates. 

In March 2022 the Federal
Open Market Committee FOMC of the Federal Reserve Bank began raising the target range for the fed funds rate of interest
and since that time has raised the short-term interest rate by 525 basis points. At June 30, 2023, we believe our risk associated with
rising interest rates was low but had increased. Our IRR model indicated that at June 30, 2023, in the event of a sudden and sustained
increase in prevailing market interest rates of 300 basis points, our EVE would be expected to decrease 34.9 million or 64.0 to 19.6
million, at which level our fair value of tangible equity to fair value of tangible assets would be expected to be 6.9 . The projected
decrease in EVE in the event of a sudden and sustained 300 basis point increase in prevailing interest rates is not within the parameters
established by each subsidiary Bank s Board of Directors. Computations or prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes
are based on numerous assumptions, including relative levels of market interest rates, loan prepayments, and deposit run-offs. These
computations should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results. Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions the
Banks may undertake in response to changes in interest rates. Certain shortcomings are inherent in this method of computing EVE. For
example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to repricing, they may react in differing degrees
to changes in market interest rates. The interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes
in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in market rates. Finally, after the considerable
market rate increases of the last few months, neither management nor most market analysts believe that a continued increase of 300 basis
points is likely. 

7 

Statement of Financial Condition 

General. At
June 30, 2023, assets totaled 349.0 million, an increase of 20.9 million, or 6.4 , compared to June 30, 2022. The increase
was related primarily to an increase of 39.2 million or 14.3 in loans, net, which totaled 313.8 million at June 30, 2023. Somewhat
offsetting the increase in loans was a decrease of 17.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. Total liabilities increased 22.3 million,
or 8.1 , to 298.3 million at June 30, 2023, primarily as a result of increased FHLB advances, which increased 36.0 million or 105.7 
to 70.1 million at June 30, 2023 and were somewhat offset by decreased deposits, which decreased 13.5 million or 5.6 to 226.3 million. 

Loans . Our primary lending activity
is the origination of loans for the purchase, refinance, or construction of one- to four-family residential real estate located in our
market areas. As opportunities arise, we also originate church loans, commercial real estate loans, and multi-family and nonresidential
real estate loans. At June 30, 2023, one- to four- family residential real estate loans totaled 240.1 million, or 76.1 of total
loans, compared to 216.4 million, or 78.4 of total loans, at June 30, 2022. Please refer to Note C-Loans of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for a further breakdown of consumer and other loans. 

The following table sets forth
the composition of our loan portfolio at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 
 Real estate loans: 

One- to four-family 
 240,076 
 76.1 
 216,432 
 78.4 
 224,125 
 74.8 
 222,489 
 77.4 
 216,066 
 76.5 
 
 Construction 
 12,294 
 3.9 
 1,363 
 0.5 
 5,433 
 1.8 
 4,045 
 1.4 
 3,757 
 1.3 
 
 Multi-family 
 19,067 
 6.0 
 14,252 
 5.1 
 19,781 
 6.6 
 12,373 
 4.3 
 15,928 
 5.7 
 
 Land 
 470 
 0.2 
 1,062 
 0.4 
 1,308 
 0.4 
 765 
 0.3 
 852 
 0.3 
 
 Farm 
 1,346 
 0.4 
 1,338 
 0.5 
 2,234 
 0.8 
 2,354 
 0.8 
 3,157 
 1.1 
 
 Nonresidential real estate 
 30,217 
 9.6 
 31,441 
 11.4 
 35,492 
 11.9 
 33,503 
 11.7 
 30,419 
 10.8 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 1,184 
 0.4 
 1,006 
 0.4 
 2,259 
 0.7 
 2,214 
 0.8 
 2,075 
 0.7 
 
 Consumer: 

Consumer and other 
 9,932 
 3.1 
 8,327 
 3.0 
 7,763 
 2.6 
 8,387 
 2.9 
 8,756 
 3.1 
 
 Loans on deposits 
 855 
 0.3 
 891 
 0.3 
 1,129 
 0.4 
 1,245 
 0.4 
 1,415 
 0.5 
 
 Total loans 
 315,441 
 100 
 276,112 
 100 
 299,524 
 100 
 287,375 
 100 
 282,425 
 100 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 (1,634 
 
 (1,529 
 
 (1,622 
 
 (1,488 
 
 (1,456 

Loans receivable, net 
 313,807 
 
 274,583 
 
 297,902 
 
 285,887 
 
 280,969 

The following table sets forth
certain information at June 30, 2023 regarding the dollar amount of loans repricing or maturing during the periods indicated. The
table does not include any estimate of prepayments which significantly shorten the average life of all loans and may cause our actual
repayment experience to differ from that shown below. Demand loans having no stated maturity are reported as due in one year or less. 

(in thousands) 
 Real Estate Loans 
 Commercial Loans 
 Consumer Loans 
 Total Loans 
 
 One year or less 
 104,868 
 616 
 9,583 
 115,067 
 
 More than one year to five years 
 155,431 
 568 
 1,204 
 157,203 
 
 More than five years 
 43,171 
 - 
 - 
 43,171 

303,470 
 1,184 
 10,787 
 315,441 

8 

As of June 30, 2023, there
were 32.0 million fixed-rate and 166.6 million adjustable-rate real estate loans maturing in more than a year, while there were 366,000
fixed-rate and 202,000 adjustable-rate commercial loans maturing in more than a year. 

The following table shows
loan origination activity during the periods indicated. 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loans at beginning of year 
 274,583 
 297,902 
 285,887 
 
 Loans originated: 

Real estate loans: 

Residential one-to four-family 
 53,509 
 60,146 
 67,859 
 
 Construction 
 20,840 
 4,692 
 8,697 
 
 Multi-family 
 11,794 
 9,871 
 1,720 
 
 Farm 
 - 
 570 
 523 
 
 Nonresidential real estate 
 3,791 
 4,706 
 7,038 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 1,440 
 1,309 
 1,343 
 
 Consumer loans 
 6,833 
 4,209 
 2,179 
 
 Total loans originated 
 98,207 
 85,503 
 89,359 

Deduct: 

Real estate loan principal repayments and other 
 (58,858 
 (108,993 
 (76,742 
 
 Decrease (increase) in allowance 
 (105 
 93 
 (134 
 
 Transfer to real estate acquired through foreclosure 
 (60 
 (45 
 (358 
 
 Other 
 40 
 123 
 (110 
 
 Net loan activity 
 39,224 
 (23,319 
 12,015 
 
 Net loans at end of period 
 313,807 
 274,583 
 297,902 

Allowance for Loan Losses
and Asset Quality . The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for the probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio.
We evaluate the allowance for loan losses no less than quarterly. When additional allowances are needed a provision for losses on loans
is charged against earnings. The recommendations for increases or decreases to the allowance are presented by management to the Banks 
boards of directors. The Company s board of directors oversees the overall allowance level for the Company and may propose increases
or decreases for allowance levels at the Banks. 

The allowance for loan losses
is established to recognize the probable incurred losses associated with lending activities. Loss and risk factors are based on our historical
loss experience and industry averages and are adjusted for significant factors that in management s judgment affect the collectibility
of the portfolio as of the evaluation date. These significant factors may include changes in lending policies and procedures, changes
in existing general economic and business conditions affecting our primary lending area, credit quality trends, collateral value, loan
volumes and concentrations, seasoning of the loan portfolio, recent loss experience, duration of the current business cycle and bank regulatory
examination results. 

The allowance for loan losses
totaled 1.6 million and 1.5 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which represented 0.52 and 0.55 of total loans, respectively.
The allowance included no specific reserves at June 30, 2023 or 2022. Such reserves are calculated when a non-homogenous loan is considered
impaired. An impaired loan is one in which it is likely that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual
terms of the loan agreement. Most of the Company s loans are collateral-based and, in case of impairment, the loans are carried
at the lower of cost or fair value less disposal costs. 

Nonperforming loans, which
consist of all loans 90 days or more past due and nonaccrual loans, totaled 4.7 million and 5.8 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively, a decrease of 1.1 million or 19.2 . The allowance for loan losses totaled 34.8 and 26.3 of nonperforming loans at June
30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In determining the allowance for loan losses at any point in time, management, and the boards of directors
of the subsidiary Banks apply a systematic process focusing on the risk of loss in the portfolio. First, the loan portfolio is segregated
by loan types to be evaluated collectively and loan types to be evaluated individually. Delinquent multi-family and nonresidential loans
are evaluated individually for potential impairment. Second, the allowance for loan losses is evaluated using historic loss experience
adjusted for significant factors by applying these loss percentages to the loan types to be evaluated collectively in the portfolio. Our
loss reserves do not include 382,000 in remaining discounts on acquired loans at June 30, 2023. 

9 

Our banking regulators, as
an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. The examinations may require us to make
additional provisions for loan losses based on judgments different from ours. In addition, because further events affecting borrowers
and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, there can be no assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate or
that increases will not be necessary should the quality of any loans deteriorate because of the factors discussed above. Any material
increase in the allowance for loan losses may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Summary of Loan Loss
Experience. The following table sets forth an analysis of the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated. Where specific
loan loss allowances have been established, any difference between the loss allowance and the amount of loss realized has been charged
or credited to the allowance. 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Allowance at beginning of period 
 1,529 
 1,622 
 1,488 
 1,456 
 1,576 
 
 Provision (credit) for loan losses 
 113 
 (60 
 192 
 103 
 11 
 
 Charge-offs: 

Real estate loans 
 (29 
 (31 
 (23 
 (65 
 (190 
 
 Consumer loans 
 - 
 (4 
 (45 
 (8 
 - 
 
 Total charge-offs 
 (29 
 (35 
 (68 
 (73 
 (190 
 
 Recoveries: 

Real estate loans 
 21 
 - 
 - 
 2 
 39 
 
 Consumer loans 
 - 
 2 
 10 
 - 
 20 
 
 Total recoveries 
 21 
 2 
 10 
 2 
 59 
 
 Net charge-offs 
 (8 
 (33 
 (58 
 (71 
 (131 
 
 Allowance at end of period 
 1,634 
 1,529 
 1,622 
 1,488 
 1,456 

Allowance to nonperforming loans 
 34.76 
 26.28 
 24.37 
 20.12 
 18.14 
 
 Allowance to total loans outstanding at end of period 
 0.52 
 0.55 
 0.54 
 0.52 
 0.52 
 
 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding during the period 
 0.00 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 0.03 
 0.05 

The following table sets forth the breakdown of the allowance for loan
losses by loan category, which management believes can be allocated on an approximate basis, at the dates indicated. 

At
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 (Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Amount 
 
 of Allowance to Total Allowance 
 
 of Loans in Category to Total Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of Allowance to Total Allowance 
 
 of Loans in Category to Total Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of Allowance to Total Allowance 
 
 of Loans in Category to Total Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of Allowance to Total Allowance 
 
 of Loans in Category to Total Loans 
 Amount 
 
 of Allowance to Total Allowance 
 
 of Loans in Category to Total Loans 
 
 Loans
 category: 

Residential
 one- to-four-family 
 857 
 52.4 
 76.0 
 800 
 52.3 
 78.4 
 749 
 49.0 
 74.8 
 671 
 45.1 
 77.4 
 685 
 47.1 
 76.5 
 
 Construction 
 41 
 2.5 
 3.9 
 4 
 0.3 
 0.5 
 12 
 0.7 
 1.8 
 6 
 0.4 
 1.4 
 6 
 0.4 
 1.3 
 
 Multi-family 
 278 
 17.0 
 6.0 
 231 
 15.1 
 5.1 
 291 
 17.9 
 6.6 
 184 
 12.4 
 4.3 
 200 
 13.7 
 5.7 
 
 Land 
 1 
 0.1 
 0.2 
 3 
 0.2 
 0.4 
 3 
 0.2 
 0.4 
 1 
 0.1 
 0.3 
 1 
 0.1 
 0.3 
 
 Farm 
 4 
 0.2 
 0.4 
 5 
 0.3 
 0.5 
 5 
 0.3 
 0.8 
 4 
 0.3 
 0.8 
 6 
 0.4 
 1.1 
 
 Nonresidential
 real estate 
 405 
 24.8 
 9.6 
 461 
 30.2 
 11.4 
 494 
 30.5 
 11.9 
 405 
 27.2 
 11.7 
 336 
 23.1 
 10.8 
 
 Commercial
 and industrial 
 23 
 1.4 
 0.4 
 2 
 0.1 
 0.4 
 5 
 0.3 
 0.7 
 3 
 0.2 
 0.8 
 5 
 0.3 
 0.7 
 
 Consumer
 and other 
 24 
 1.5 
 3.2 
 22 
 1.4 
 3.0 
 16 
 1.0 
 2.6 
 12 
 0.8 
 2.9 
 14 
 1.0 
 3.1 
 
 Loans
 on deposits 
 1 
 0.1 
 0.3 
 1 
 0.1 
 0.3 
 2 
 0.1 
 0.4 
 2 
 0.1 
 0.4 
 3 
 0.2 
 0.5 
 
 Unallocated 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 200 
 13.4 
 0.0 
 200 
 13.7 
 0.0 
 
 Total
 allowance for loan losses 
 1,634 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 1,529 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 1,577 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 1,488 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 1,456 
 100.0 
 100.0 

10 

Nonperforming and Classified
Assets . When a loan becomes 90 days delinquent, the loan may be placed on nonaccrual status at which time the accrual of interest
ceases, the interest previously accrued to income is reversed and interest income is thereafter recognized on a cash basis. Payments on
a nonaccrual loan are applied to the outstanding principal and interest as determined at the time of collection of the loan or applied
entirely to principal, depending on management s assessment of ultimate collectability. In situations where management believes
collection of interest due is likely even if the loan is more than 90 days delinquent, then management may decide not to place the loan
on non-accrual status. 

We consider repossessed assets
and loans that are 90 days or more past due to be nonperforming assets. Real estate that we acquire because of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu
of foreclosure is classified as real estate owned until it is sold. When property is acquired, it is recorded at the lower of carrying
value of the investment or fair value less estimated selling costs at the date of foreclosure. Holding costs and declines in fair value
after acquisition of the property are charged against income. 

Under current accounting guidelines,
a loan is defined as impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the creditor will be unable to collect
all amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Loans identified as impaired are evaluated on an individual basis.
At June 30, 2023, there were no loans individually considered impaired with valuation adjustments. 

The following table provides
information with respect to our nonperforming assets at the dates indicated. 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Nonaccrual loans: 

Real estate loans 
 4,199 
 4,048 
 4,660 
 4,415 
 4,936 
 
 Commercial loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4 
 1 
 
 Consumer loans 
 - 
 75 
 21 
 5 
 9 
 
 Total nonaccrual loans 
 4,199 
 4,123 
 4,681 
 4,424 
 4,946 
 
 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more: 

Real estate loans 
 365 
 287 
 243 
 1,135 
 1,747 
 
 Commercial loans 
 - 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 49 
 
 Consumer loans 
 28 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total accruing loans past due 90 days or more 
 393 
 288 
 243 
 1,135 
 1,796 

Restructured loans not performing as agreed 
 109 
 1,408 
 1,731 
 1,836 
 1,286 
 
 Total nonperforming loans 
 4,701 
 5,819 
 6,655 
 7,395 
 8,028 

Restructured loans performing as agreed 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 36 
 163 
 
 Real estate acquired through foreclosure 
 70 
 10 
 82 
 640 
 710 
 
 Total nonperforming assets and performing restructured loans 
 4,771 
 5,829 
 6,737 
 8,071 
 8,901 

Total nonperforming loans to total loans 
 1.49 
 2.11 
 2.22 
 2.57 
 2.84 
 
 Total nonperforming loans to total assets 
 1.35 
 1.77 
 1.97 
 2.33 
 2.43 
 
 Total nonperforming assets to total assets 
 1.37 
 1.78 
 1.99 
 2.54 
 2.64 

Interest income that would
have been recorded for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, had nonaccrual loans been current according to their original terms amounted
to 53,000, and 27,000, respectively. Income related to nonaccrual loans included in interest income for the years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022 amounted to 45,000, and 48,000, respectively. 

Federal regulations require
us to regularly review and classify our assets. In addition, our regulators have the authority to identify problem assets and, if appropriate,
require them to be classified. There are three classifications for problem assets: substandard, doubtful and loss. Substandard
assets must have one or more defined weaknesses and are characterized by the distinct possibility that we will sustain some loss
if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful assets have the weaknesses of substandard assets with the additional characteristic
that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values questionable,
and there is a high possibility of loss. An asset classified loss is considered uncollectible and of such little value
that continuance as an asset of the institution is not warranted. The regulations also provide for a special mention category,
described as assets which do not currently expose us to a sufficient degree of risk to warrant classification but do possess credit deficiencies
or potential weaknesses deserving our close attention. Special mention assets totaled 854,000 and 896,000 at June 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

11 

The following table shows
the aggregate amounts of our assets classified for regulatory purposes at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Substandard assets 
 7,266 
 7,458 
 8,925 
 
 Doubtful assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total classified assets 
 7,266 
 7,458 
 8,925 

Substandard assets at June
30, 2023, consisted of 123 loans totaling 6.5 million and two parcels of real estate owned with an aggregate carrying value of 70,000,
compared to substandard assets at June 30, 2022 which consisted of 142 loans totaling 7.4 million and one parcel of real estate owned
with an aggregate carrying value of 10,000. At June 30, 2023, 0.1 of the Company s substandard assets were represented by real
estate acquired through foreclosure compared to 0.1 at June 30, 2022. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the Company made loans
to facilitate the purchase of its other real estate owned by qualified borrowers. The Company sold property with a carrying value of 117,000
for 82,000 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Such loans are considered loans to facilitate an exchange. Loans to facilitate
the sale of other real estate owned and which were included in substandard loans totaled 0 and 0 at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The table below summarizes
other real estate owned at June 30, 2023: 

Number 
 Net carrying 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 of Properties 
 value 
 
 Single-family 
 2 
 70 
 
 Building lots 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 2 
 70 

The table below summarizes
substandard loans at June 30, 2023: 

Number 
 Net carrying 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 of Loans 
 value 
 
 One- to four-family 
 114 
 5,141 
 
 Nonresidential real estate 
 3 
 1,716 
 
 Consumer 
 7 
 338 
 
 Total 
 124 
 7,195 

Other than disclosed
above, there are no other loans at June 30, 2023 that we have serious doubts about the ability of the borrowers to comply with the present
loan repayment terms. 

Delinquencies. The
following table provides information about delinquencies in our loan portfolios at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

30-59 Days 
 60-89 Days 
 30-59 Days 
 60-89 Days 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Past Due 
 Past Due 
 Past Due 
 Past Due 
 
 Real estate loans 
 3,215 
 862 
 2,303 
 364 
 
 Commercial and industrial 
 - 
 - 
 72 
 - 
 
 Consumer loans 
 98 
 87 
 169 
 19 
 
 Total 
 3,313 
 949 
 2,544 
 383 

Securities . Our
securities portfolio consists of mortgage-backed securities with maturities of 30 years or less, which totaled 12.4 million at June 30,
2023, an increase of 1.5 million or 14.2 , compared to the 10.8 million total at June 30, 2022. The increase in these securities resulted
from Management s investment plan to earn additional interest spread on excess liquidity held at the time by investing in short-lived
mortgage-backed securities. All of our mortgage-backed securities were issued by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. 

12 

The following table sets forth
the carrying values and fair values of our securities portfolio at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 
 Available for sale securities: 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 12,649 
 12,080 
 10,477 
 10,477 
 33 
 33 
 
 Held to maturity securities: 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 274 
 259 
 339 
 323 
 462 
 476 

At June 30, 2023 and 2022,
we did not own any securities that had an aggregate book value in excess of 10 of our equity at that date. 

The following table sets forth the maturities and
weighted average yields of debt securities at June 30, 2023. At June 30, 2023, we had no agency securities with adjustable rates. 

More than 
 More than 

One Year to 
 Five Years to 

One Year or Less 
 Five Years 
 Ten Years 
 Total Investment Portfolio 

Weighted 
 
 Weighted 
 
 Weighted 

Weighted 

Amortized 
 Average 
 Amortized 
 Average 
 Amortized 
 Average 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Average 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Cost 
 Yield 
 Cost 
 Yield 
 Cost 
 Yield 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Yield 
 
 Available for sale securities: 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 - 
 0.00 
 12,627 
 3.22 
 22 
 4.00 
 12,649 
 12,080 
 3.22 
 
 Held to maturity securities: 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 7 
 5.09 
 153 
 1.49 
 114 
 4.40 
 274 
 259 
 2.80 

Other Assets. Other
assets at June 30, 2023 and 2022 include goodwill of 947,000, which was a result of the Company s acquisition of Frankfort First,
and bank owned life insurance policies with a carrying value of 2.8 million and 2.8 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively,
of which First Federal of Kentucky is the owner and beneficiary. Both subsidiary Banks are members and stockholders of the FHLB. FHLB
stock, at cost, totaled 4.6 million and 6.5 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Deposits . Our
primary source of funds is retail deposit accounts held primarily by individuals within our market areas. Deposits totaled 226.3 million
at June 30, 2023, decreasing 13.5 million or 5.6 between the two periods. At June 30, 2023 the Company had 21.0 million in brokered
certificates of deposit. 

The following table sets forth
the balances of our deposit products at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Certificate of deposit accounts 
 137,315 
 124,705 
 124,892 
 
 Demand, transaction and savings accounts 
 88,994 
 115,152 
 101,951 
 
 Total 
 226,309 
 239,857 
 226,843 

13 

The following table indicates
at June 30, 2023, the amount of certificate of deposit accounts with balances equal to or greater than 100,000, by time remaining until
maturity. The brokered certificates of deposit had a maximum face value of 100,000. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC currently insures deposits up to 250,000 in most cases, making certificate of deposit accounts with balances equal to or greater than
 100,000 less volatile as before the limit was raised. 

Certificates 
 
 (in thousands) 
 of Deposit 
 
 Maturity period: 

Three months or less 
 7,292 
 
 Over three months through six months 
 7,204 
 
 Over six months through twelve months 
 41,573 
 
 Over twelve months 
 -- 
 
 Total 
 56,069 

The following table
sets forth our certificate of deposit accounts classified by rates at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest rate 

0.01-0.99 
 44,302 
 96,937 
 69,400 
 
 1.00-1.99 
 13,127 
 20,521 
 36,613 
 
 2.00-2.99 
 1,826 
 7,247 
 18,879 
 
 3.00-3.99 
 19,700 
 - 
 - 
 
 4.00-4.99 
 58,360 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 137,315 
 124,705 
 124,892 

The following table sets forth the amount and maturities
of certificate accounts at June 30, 2023. 

Amount Due 

(in thousands) 
 Less than One Year 
 More than One Year to Two Years 
 More than Two Years to Three Years 
 More than Three Years 
 Total 
 Percentage 
of Total 
Certificate 
Accounts 
 
 Interest rate 

0.01-0.99 
 36,738 
 7,482 
 82 
 - 
 44,302 
 32.3 
 
 1.00-1.99 
 4,375 
 4,079 
 1,786 
 2,887 
 13,127 
 9.6 
 
 2.00-2.99 
 664 
 1,162 
 - 
 - 
 1,826 
 1.3 
 
 3.00-3.99 
 19,342 
 358 
 - 
 - 
 19,700 
 14.3 
 
 4.00-4.99 
 58,360 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 58,360 
 42.5 
 
 Total 
 119,479 
 13,081 
 1,868 
 2,887 
 137,315 
 100.0 

The following table
sets forth the average balances and rates paid on deposits. 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Average 
Balance 
 Average 
Rate 
 Average 
Balance 
 Average 
Rate 
 Average 
Balance 
 Average 
Rate 
 
 Noninterest-bearing demand 
 13,308 
 0.00 
 16,033 
 0.00 
 10,472 
 0.00 
 
 Interest-bearing demand 
 20,695 
 0.18 
 18,519 
 0.22 
 18,438 
 0.16 
 
 Savings accounts 
 68,255 
 0.44 
 73,688 
 0.37 
 64,611 
 0.42 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 117,443 
 1.26 
 126,371 
 0.85 
 127,371 
 1.11 

The following table sets forth
the deposit activities for the periods indicated. 

At June 30, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Beginning balance 
 239,857 
 226,843 
 212,273 
 
 Increase (decrease) before interest credited 
 (15,359 
 11,627 
 12,859 
 
 Interest credited 
 1,811 
 1,387 
 1,711 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in deposits 
 (13,548 
 13,014 
 14,570 
 
 Ending balance 
 226,309 
 239,857 
 226,843 

14 

Borrowings . Advances
from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati amounted to 70.1 million and 34.1 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The following table presents
certain information regarding our Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati advances during the periods and at the dates indicated. 

Year Ended June 30, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Balance outstanding at end of period 
 70,087 
 34,066 
 56,873 
 
 Maximum amount of advances outstanding at any month during the period 
 83,489 
 55,369 
 61,048 
 
 Average advances outstanding during the period 
 63,050 
 46,843 
 54,319 
 
 Weighted average interest rate during the period 
 3.32 
 0.78 
 0.79 
 
 Weighted average interest rate at end of period 
 4.85 
 0.96 
 0.71 

Capital . Total
shareholders equity totaled 50.7 million at June 30, 2023, a decrease of 1.3 million or 2.5 , compared to June 30, 2022.
The decrease resulted primarily from repurchase of common stock by the Company for placement in treasury and well as an excess of dividends
paid over earnings. 

Effective January 1, 2015,
the Company and the Banks became subject to the capital regulations in accordance with Basel III. These regulations established higher
minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements, a new common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and a new capital conservation buffer CCB ). The regulations also included a revised definition of capital and changed the risk-weighting of certain assets. For
purposes of prompt corrective action, the new regulations establish definitions of well capitalized as follows: 

Minimum for 
banks to be 
well-capitalized 
under 
regulatory 
requirements 
 
 Tier 1 Capital to Total Average Assets 
 5.0 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 6.5 
 
 Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 8.0 
 
 Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 10.0 

Additionally,
the CCB of Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based capital above the minimum risk-based capital requirements was introduced. The CCB is 2.5 .
The Company and the Banks, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments, engaging in share repurchases
and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, must maintain the CCB at the appropriate level. 

Community Bank Leverage Ratio 

Certain community banks and
holding companies (which include the Company, Frankfort First, First Federal of Kentucky and First Federal of Hazard) that satisfy certain
qualifying criteria, including having less than 10 billion in average total consolidated assets and a leverage ratio (referred to as
the community bank leverage ratio of greater than 9 , were eligible to opt-in to the CBLR framework. The CBLR ratio is
the ratio of a banking organization s Tier 1 capital to its average total consolidated assets as reported on the banking organization s
applicable regulatory filings. The Banks elected to utilize the CBLR framework effective for the quarter ended March 31, 2021. See Note
K-Stockholders Equity and Regulatory Capital in audited financial statements. 

At June 30, 2023, both First
Federal of Hazard s and First Federal of Kentucky s regulatory capital substantially exceeded all minimum regulatory capital
requirements. Management is not aware of any recent event that would cause this classification to change. See Note K-Stockholders 
Equity and Regulatory Capital in the Notes to Financial Statements. 

15 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended June
30, 2023 and 2022 

General. Net
income totaled 933,000 or 0.11 diluted earnings per share for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to net income of 1.6 million or
 0.19 per common share for the twelve months ended June 30, 2022. 

Net income decreased 657,000
or 41.3 year to year primarily due to decreased net interest income, decreased non-interest income, increased provision for loan losses,
and increased non-interest expenses, which were somewhat offset by decreased income taxes. In the general economy the fiscal year was
marked by historical interest rate increases as the Federal Open Market Committee continued its fight against inflation. As with most
financial institutions, our funding sources repriced more quickly during the unprecedented interest rate increases than our assets. Consequently,
the increase in our interest expense was attributed primarily to higher average rates paid on both deposits and FHLB advances, while the
increase in our interest income was a combination of both higher average balances and higher rates earned on those assets. The Company
sells its long-term fixed rate loans to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati as part of its asset/liability management strategy and
the sale of such loans decreased along with the rise in general interest rates during the fiscal year. 

Interest Income. 
Total interest income for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was 12.8 million, an increase of 1.8 million, or 16.9 , compared
to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in interest income was due primarily to lower average rates earned on interest-earning
assets, as well as lower average balances. 

Interest income from loans
increased 1.2 million or 10.8 to 11.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 due to both an increase in the average volume of the
portfolio and the rate earned on it. The average balance of the loan portfolio increased 15.6 million or 5.5 to 298.9 million for the
year just ended, while the average rate earned increased 19 basis points to 3.95 for the period. Loans are the largest component of our
interest-earning assets. 

Interest income from mortgage-backed
securities increased 430,000 to 453,000 for the recently ended fiscal year primarily due to an increase in the volume of assets. Income
from other interest-earning assets increased 261,000 and totaled 493,000 for the recently ended fiscal year. 

Interest Expense. 
Interest expense totaled 3.9 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, an increase of 2.1 million, or 122.5 , from fiscal
2022. The increase in interest expense resulted primarily from higher average interest rates of funding sources, although the average
balance of funding increased period to period. Interest expense on borrowings increased 1.7 million to 2.1 million for the twelve months
ended June 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in the average balance of FHLB advances outstanding, which increased 16.2 million or
34.6 to 63.1 million for the year just ended. Additional borrowings were used to offset decreased levels of deposits and to fund loan
growth. The average rate paid on borrowings increased 253 basis points year over year to 3.32 for the recently-ended period. 

Interest expense on deposits
increased 424,000 or 30.6 to 1.8 million for the 2023 fiscal year primarily due to an increase in the average rate paid on those deposits,
which increased 24 basis points to 0.88 for the recently-ended fiscal year. The average balance of deposits decreased 12.2 million or
5.6 to 206.4 million for the year just ended. Interest expense on certificates of deposit was primarily responsible for the increase
in interest expense on deposits for the year and was due principally to an increase in the rate paid on certificates of deposits. The
average rate paid on certificates of deposit increased 41 basis points to 1.26 for the year, while the average balance outstanding decreased
 8.9 million or 7.1 to 117.4 million. The average balance of savings deposits decreased 5.4 million or 7.4 and totaled 68.3 million
for fiscal 2023, while interest-bearing demand deposits increased 2.2 million or 11.8 , and totaled 20.7 million. 

Net Interest Income. 
As a result of the aforementioned changes in interest income and interest expense, net interest income before provision for loan losses
decreased 304,000 or 3.3 to 8.9 million for the 2023 year. As indicated on the following table, our net interest margin decreased from
2.81 for the 2022 fiscal year to 2.73 for the year just ended. 

16 

Average Balances and
Yields . The following table presents information regarding average balances of assets and liabilities, the total dollar amounts
of interest income and dividends, the total dollar amount of interest expense and the resulting average yields and costs. The yields and
costs for the periods indicated are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balances of assets or liabilities, respectively,
for the periods presented. For purposes of this table, average balances have been calculated using the average of daily balances and nonaccrual
loans are included in average balances only. We did not hold any non-taxable securities during any of the periods presented in the table. 

2023 
 2022 
 2021 

Interest 

Interest 

Interest 

Average 
 And 
 Yield/ 
 Average 
 And 
 Yield/ 
 Average 
 And 
 Yield/ 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Balance 
 Dividends 
 Cost 
 Balance 
 Dividends 
 Cost 
 Balance 
 Dividends 
 Cost 
 
 Interest-earning assets: 

Loans 
 298,911 
 11,814 
 3.95 
 283,323 
 10,659 
 3.76 
 296,247 
 11,979 
 4.04 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 13,516 
 453 
 3.35 
 1,232 
 23 
 1.87 
 567 
 14 
 2.47 
 
 Other securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 99 
 3 
 3.03 
 
 Other interest-earning assets 
 12,263 
 493 
 4.02 
 41,771 
 232 
 0.56 
 21,816 
 156 
 0.72 
 
 Total interest-earning assets 
 324,690 
 12,760 
 3.93 
 326,326 
 10,914 
 3.34 
 318,729 
 12,152 
 3.81 
 
 Less: ALLL 
 (1,612 

(1,578 

(1,569 

Noninterest-earning assets 
 12,038 

12,107 

12,073 

Total assets 
 335,116 

336,855 

329,233 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 
 20,695 
 38 
 0.18 
 18,519 
 40 
 0.22 
 18,438 
 30 
 0.16 
 
 Savings 
 68,255 
 298 
 0.44 
 73,688 
 273 
 0.37 
 64,611 
 268 
 0.42 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 117,443 
 1,475 
 1.26 
 126,371 
 1,074 
 0.85 
 127,371 
 1,413 
 1.11 
 
 Total deposits 
 206,393 
 1,811 
 0.88 
 218,578 
 1,387 
 0.64 
 210,420 
 1,711 
 0.81 
 
 Borrowings 
 63,050 
 2,091 
 3.32 
 46,843 
 367 
 0.78 
 54,319 
 430 
 0.79 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 269,443 
 3,902 
 1.45 
 265,421 
 1,754 
 0.66 
 264,739 
 2,141 
 0.81 
 
 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 
 13,308 

16,032 

10,472 

Noninterest-bearing liabilities 
 935 

3,072 

2,047 

Total liabilities 
 283,686 

284,525 

277,258 

Shareholders equity 
 51,430 

52,330 

51,975 

Total liabilities and shareholders Equity 
 335,116 

336,855 

329,233 

Net interest income/average yield 
 
 8,858 
 2.48 
 
 9,160 
 2.68 
 
 10,011 
 3.00 

Net interest margin 

2.73 

2.81 

3.14 

Average interest-earning assets to Average interest-bearing liabilities 

120.51 

122.95 

120.39 

17 

Rate/Volume Analysis . 
The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income. The rate column shows the effects
attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior year volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to
changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior year rate). For purposes of this table, changes attributable to changes in both
rate and volume that cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to
volume. The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. 

Twelve months ended June 30, 2023 
 Twelve months ended June 30, 2022 

Increase (Decrease) Due to Changes In 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to Changes In 
 
 (In thousands) 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Total 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Total 
 
 Interest-earning assets: 

Loans 
 602 
 553 
 1,155 
 (509 
 (811 
 (1,320 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 398 
 32 
 430 
 11 
 (2 
 9 
 
 Other securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (3 
 - 
 (3 
 
 Other interest-earning assets 
 (33 
 294 
 261 
 101 
 (25 
 76 
 
 Total interest-earning assets 
 967 
 879 
 1,846 
 (400 
 (838 
 (1,238 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Demand deposits 
 7 
 (9 
 (2 
 - 
 10 
 10 
 
 Savings 
 (18 
 43 
 25 
 21 
 (16 
 5 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 (70 
 471 
 401 
 (11 
 (328 
 (339 
 
 Borrowings 
 167 
 1,557 
 1,724 
 (59 
 (4 
 (63 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 86 
 2,062 
 2,148 
 (49 
 (338 
 (387 
 
 Increase (decrease) in net interest income 
 881 
 (1,183 
 (302 
 (351 
 (500 
 (851 

Provision for
Losses on Loans. A provision for losses on loans is charged to earnings to maintain the total allowance for loan losses at a level
calculated by management based on historical experience, the volume and type of lending conducted by the Banks, the status of past due
principal and interest payments and other factors related to the collectability of the loan portfolio. Based upon an analysis of these
factors, management recorded a provision of 113,000 for losses on loans for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, an increase of
 173,000, compared to a credit of 60,000 for fiscal 2022. Management believes all nonperforming loans are adequately collateralized or
have been written down to their realizable value. See discussion of Allowance for Loan Losses and Asset Quality above. 

Non-interest Income.
 Other non-interest income decreased 213,000 or 41.4 to 302,000 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, due primarily to a
decrease of 250,000 in net gains on sales of loans, which totaled 5,000 for the year just ended. The Banks sell most of their long-term,
fixed rate mortgages to FHLB as part of the asset/liability management strategy and the sale of such loans decreased along with the rise
in general interest rates during the fiscal year. There were no disposals of OREO in the recently-ended fiscal year compared to net losses
of 35,000 for the prior year. 

Non-interest Expense.
 Non-interest expense increased 150,000 or 2.0 to 7.8 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 compared to fiscal 2022
primarily due to higher outside service fees, employee compensation and benefits cost, FDIC insurance premiums and other non-interest
expenses. 

Outside service fees
increased 76,000 or 45.8 and totaled 242,000, as stock transfer agency fees increased 22,000 or 89.4 year over year, loan review
costs increased 21,000 or 65.2 and computer technology services increased 12,000 or 133.0 . Employee compensation and benefits expense
increased 62,000 or 1.3 and totaled 4.9 million for the fiscal year just ended primarily due to an increase of two full-time equivalent
employees from period to period as well as general compensation increases. FDIC insurance expense increased 46,000 or 64.8 and totaled
 117,000 for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023, due chiefly to higher base assessments by the agency, which became effective January
1, 2023. Other non-interest expenses increased 35,000 or 6.1 to 608,000 for the most recently-ended fiscal year due primarily to higher
levels of employee and community engagement, as well as some elevated general expense levels. Charitable contributions increased 22,000
or 62.4 primarily returning to historical levels, but also in response to devastating flooding which occurred in eastern Kentucky. Contributions
were reduced in the wake of the COVID epidemic and returned to more normal levels. We also provided aid to individuals and family impacted
by the flash flooding disaster. Dues and memberships expense increased as we increased employee engagement in civic organizations and
employee training. Insurance expense increased 11,000 or 11.8 year over year primarily due to increased cybersecurity premiums. 

Somewhat offsetting the increases
in various non-interest expenses were decreases in data processing expense, occupancy and equipment, and regulatory assessments. Data
processing expenses decreased 27,000 or 5.0 and totaled 518,000 for the fiscal year just ended as core processing conversion expenses
were incurred in the FY22 year. Occupancy and equipment expenses decreased 22,000 or 3.5 and totaled 610,000 for the year ended June
30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in depreciation. 

18 

Income Taxes. Income
tax expense decreased 183,000 or 38.4 to 294,000 for the fiscal year just ended. The decrease in income tax expense was primarily related
to lower overall earnings year to year. The effective income tax rate for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, was 24.0 and 23.1 ,
respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability to
meet current and future short-term financial obligations. Our primary sources of funds consist of cash and deposits at other banks, deposit
inflows, loan repayments and maturities, calls and sales of investment and mortgage-backed securities and advances from the FHLB. While
maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments
are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 

We periodically assess our
available liquidity and projected upcoming liquidity demands. We regularly adjust our investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment
of (1) expected loan demand, (2) expected deposit flows, (3) yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities,
and (4) the objectives of our asset/liability management program. Excess liquid assets are invested generally in interest-earning
deposits, federal funds, and short- and intermediate-term U.S. Government agency obligations. 

Our most liquid assets are
cash, federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits. The levels of these assets depend on our operating, financing, lending, and investing
activities during any given period. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, cash and cash equivalents totaled 8.2 million and 25.8
million, respectively. Securities classified as available-for-sale, which provide additional sources of liquidity, totaled 12.1 million
and 10.5 million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

We are not aware of any trends
and/or demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that could result in a material protracted decrease in liquidity. We expect that
all our liquidity needs, including the contractual commitments can be met by our currently available liquid assets and cash flows. In
the event any unforeseen demand or commitments were to occur, we have access to brokered deposits, FHLB advances, the Federal Reserve
Discount Window and an unsecured line of credit with a correspondent bank. We expect that our currently available liquid assets and our
ability to access our other liquidity sources would be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity needs without any material adverse effect on
our liquidity. 

Our primary investing activities
are the origination of loans and the purchase of investment securities. In fiscal 2023 we originated 98.2 million of loans, which exceeded
loan prepayments and repayments by 39.3 million. In fiscal 2022 we originated 85.5 million of loans, although loan prepayments and repayments
exceeded that amount by 23.5 million. During fiscal 2023 and 2022 proceeds from principal repayments on loans totaled 58.9 million and
 109.0 million, respectively. During fiscal 2022 we invested 10.4 million in short-lived mortgage-backed securities to earn additional
yield on excess liquidity. 

Financing activities
consist primarily of activity in deposit accounts and in FHLB advances. Total deposits decreased 13.5 million for the year ended June
30, 2023, compared to a net increase of 13.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. We increased FHLB advances by 36.0 million or
105.7 from June 30, 2022 to June 30, 2023, using proceeds to fund new loans and offset decreased deposits. Deposit flows are affected
by the overall level of interest rates, the products and corresponding interest rates offered by us and our local competitors and other
factors. We generally manage the pricing of our deposits to be competitive and to increase core deposit relationships. The Banks began
using brokered deposits in the latter part of the year just ended and had 21.0 million in such deposits as of June 30, 2023. FHLB advances
are collateralized by a blanket mortgage on the 1-4 family residential mortgages and multi-family residential mortgages owned by the Banks.
See Note H-Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank in Notes to Consolidated financial Statements. At June 30, 2023, the Banks had combined
additional FHLB borrowing capacity of 87.3 million. 

Commitments and Contractual Obligations 

At June 30, 2023, we had 15.2
million in mortgage commitments. Certificates of deposit due within one year of June 30, 2023 totaled 119.5 million, or 52.8 of total
deposits. If these deposits do not remain with us, we might be required to seek other sources of funds, including FHLB advances or other
certificates of deposit. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on such deposits or other borrowings than
we currently pay on the certificates of deposit due on or before June 30, 2024. We believe, however, based on past experience, that a
significant portion of our certificates of deposit will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting
the interest rates offered. 

19 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

For the year ended June 30,
2023, other than loan commitments, we engaged in no off-balance-sheet transactions reasonably likely to have a material effect on our
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Dividend Policy 

In fiscal 2023, the Company s
aggregate dividend of 1.4 million was more than its net income by 430,000. In fiscal 2022, the Company s aggregate dividend of
 1.4 million was less than its net income by 196,000. Approximately 58.5 of the shares of Kentucky First Federal are held by First Federal
MHC, a mutual holding company created in 2005. Under regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System mutual holding
companies, who have waived their dividends prior to December 1, 2009, may continue to waive these dividends provided there is no objection
by the Federal Reserve. This waiver action is conditioned on providing appropriate notice and absent the Federal Reserve s determination
that the waiver would be detrimental to the safe and sound operations of the Banks. First Federal MHC put the issue to a vote of the members
August 2012 and each of the succeeding years since 2012. Members of First Federal MHC voted in favor of the dividend waiver on all occasions
and the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland subsequently approved the waiver of the dividends including an approval in 2023. As a result,
First Federal MHC will be permitted to waive the receipt of dividends for quarterly dividends up to 0.10 per common share through the
third quarter of 2024. Management believes that the Company has sufficient capital to continue the current dividend policy without affecting
the well-capitalized status of either subsidiary bank. Therefore, we expect to continue to seek approval from the Federal Reserve to allow
First Federal MHC to waive its right to dividends. If management should anticipate a long-term trend in which dividends consistently exceed
net income (either due to regulatory mandate or a drop in income levels), the dividend policy would be reconsidered. Management cautions
that comparison between the Company s published earnings per share and the Company s published dividends per share does not
lead to an accurate portrayal of the relationship between net income and dividends paid, because the published dividend per share is calculated
with the inclusion of the shares owned by First Federal MHC . 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 

Our consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, which require
the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative
purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The primary impact of inflation on our operations is reflected in increased operating
costs. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates
generally have a more significant impact on our performance than do general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move
in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 

20 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 

Kentucky
First Federal Bancorp 

Frankfort,
Kentucky 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp (the Company as of June
30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity,
and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. 

We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

21 

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 

Page 2 

Allowance
for Loan and Lease Losses (ALLL) Qualitative Adjustments 

As
more fully described in Notes A and C to the consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates the ALLL for probable incurred
loan losses. The ALLL consists of a specific component for loans that are classified as impaired and a general component for all other
loans. Impairment on loans determined to be impaired is measured on a loan-by-loan basis. 

Historical
loss experience is an input applied to loans not considered impaired and is adjusted for current factors, including levels of and trends
in delinquencies and impaired loans, levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries, trends in volume and terms of loans, changes
in lending policies, procedures and practices, experience, ability and depth of lending management and other relevant staff, economic
trends and conditions, industry conditions and effects of changes in credit concentrations. 

We
identified the qualitative adjustments for current factors of the ALLL as a critical audit matter. The primary reason for our determination
that the qualitative adjustments in the ALLL are a critical audit matter is that auditing the qualitative adjustments involved significant
judgment and complex review. Further, auditing the qualitative adjustments in the ALLL involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating
management s estimates, such as evaluating management s assessment of economic conditions and other environmental factors. 

Our
audit procedures related to the qualitative adjustments of the ALLL included the following procedures, among others. 

Obtaining
 an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ALLL, including the
 qualitative factor adjustments of the ALLL and any limitations of the model 

Testing
 of completeness and accuracy of the information utilized in the calculation of the ALLL 

Evaluating
 the qualitative factor adjustments, including assessing the basis for the adjustments and
 the reasonableness of the significant assumptions 

Evaluating
 overall reasonableness of estimated reserve by considering past performance of the Company s
 loan portfolio, trends in credit quality of the loan portfolio and trends in the credit quality
 of peer institutions and comparing the trends to the Company s ALLL trends for directional
 consistency compared to previous years 

Preparation
 of an independent estimate of an acceptable range of the ALLL to compare to management s
 estimate 

/s/
FORVIS, LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

Louisville,
Kentucky 

September
28, 2023 

22 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share
data) 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and due from financial institutions 

Fed funds sold 

Interest-bearing demand deposits 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available-for-sale- at fair value 

Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost-approximate fair value of and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Loans held for sale 
 -

Loans, net of allowance of and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Real estate acquired through foreclosure 

Office premises and equipment - at depreciated cost 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock - at cost 

Accrued interest receivable 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Goodwill 

Prepaid income taxes 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Savings 

Certificates of deposit 

Demand deposit accounts 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance 

Accrued interest payable 

Deferred income taxes 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value; no shares issued 
 --
 
 --

Common stock, shares authorized, par value; shares issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings - restricted 

Unearned employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), shares and shares at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 --

Treasury shares, and shares at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 -

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these statements. 

23 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share
data) 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Interest income 

Loans, including fees 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Other securities 
 -
 
 -

Interest-bearing deposits and other 

Total interest income 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

Borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Non-interest income 

Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 

Net gains on sales of loans 

Net loss on sales of REO 
 -

Net gain on sale of property and equipment 
 
 -

Other 

Total non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Data processing 

Occupancy and equipment 

FDIC insurance premiums 

Voice and data communications 

Advertising 

Outside service fees 

Audit and accounting 

Franchise and other taxes 

Foreclosure and REO expense, net 

Regulatory Assessments 

Other 

Total non-interest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Current 

Deferred 

Total income tax expense 

NET INCOME 

EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these statements. 

24 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

2023 
 2022 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax-related effects: 

Unrealized holding losses on securities designated as available for sale during the year, net of tax benefits of ) and ) in 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 
 -

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these statements. 

25 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share
data) 

Common stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Unearned employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) 
 Treasury shares 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2021 

-

Net income 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Allocation of ESOP shares 
 -

-

-
 
 -

Acquisition of shares for treasury 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Cash dividends of per common share 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2022 

-

Net income 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Allocation of ESOP shares 
 -

-

-
 
 -

Acquisition of shares for treasury 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Other comprehensive loss 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cash dividends of per common share 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2023 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these statements. 

26 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2021 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Accretion of purchased loan discount 

Amortization of discounts and premiums on investment securities, net 

Amortization of deferred loan origination costs (fees) 

Net gain on sale of loans 

Net loss on real estate owned 
 -

ESOP compensation expense 

Net gain on sale of property equipment 
 
 -

Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 

Provision (credit) for loan losses 

Origination of loans held for sale 

Proceeds from loans held for sale 

Deferred income tax 

Changes in: 

Accrued interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accrued interest payable 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of investments available for sale 

Purchase of FHLB stock 
 
 -

Maturities of time deposits in other financial institutions 
 -

Investment securities maturities, prepayments and calls: 

Held to maturity 

Available for sale 

Proceeds from redemption of FHLB stock 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of property equipment 
 
 -

Loans originated for investment, net of principal collected 

Proceeds from sale of real estate owned 
 -

Additions to premises and equipment, net 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in deposits 

Payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance, net 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Repayments on Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Treasury stock purchases 

Dividends paid on common stock 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Beginning cash and cash equivalents 

Ending cash and cash equivalents 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these statements. 

27 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2021 

(Dollar amounts in thousands) 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income taxes 

Interest on deposits and borrowings 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities: 

Transfers from loans to real estate acquired through foreclosure 

Loans disbursed upon sales of real estate acquired through foreclosure 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these statements. 

28 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

29 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

and in loans held for sale, respectively. 

and during the years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The carrying value of the Company s mortgage servicing rights totaled approximately
 and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The fair value of the Company s mortgage servicing rights totaled
approximately and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

million and million that had been sold to the Federal Home Loan Bank at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Late fees and ancillary fees related to loan servicing are not material. 

30 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

years for owner-occupied properties. For these properties a borrower may be able to borrow
up to of the value with private mortgage insurance. Alternatively, the borrower may be able to borrow up to of the value through
other programs offered by the bank. 

loan-to-value LTV ratio and we generally charge a slightly higher interest rate
on such loans. 

of the appraised value, and provide for the payment of interest only during the construction
phase. Funds are disbursed as progress is made toward completion of the construction. 

years or
less and do not exceed of the appraised value. Loans secured by multi-family and commercial real estate generally have larger balances
and involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. These loans depend on the borrower s creditworthiness
and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income properties often depend on successful
operation and management of the properties. As a result, repayment on such loans may be subject to a greater extent to adverse conditions
in the real estate market or economy than owner-occupied residential loans. 

31 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

6. Allowance for loan losses :
(continued) 

of the estimated value to qualified borrowers and these loans carry a premium interest rate. Loans secured
by savings are originated up to of the depositor s savings account balance and bear interest at a rate higher than the rate
paid on the deposit account. Because the deposit account must be pledged as collateral to secure the loan, the inherent risk of this type
of loan is minimal. Loans secured by automobiles are made directly to consumers (there are no relationships with dealers) and are based
on the value of the vehicle and the borrower s creditworthiness. Vehicle loans present a higher level of risk because of the natural
decline in the value of the property as well as its mobility. Unsecured loans are based entirely on the borrower s creditworthiness
and present the highest level of risk to the bank. 

32 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

related to a branch office no longer in use and included in other assets on the balance sheet.
No impairment losses have been taken on the property. The property was sold in July 2022 for . 

likely of being realized
on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. The Company recognizes
interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters as income tax expense. 

million and million for the plan years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our contributions for fiscal 2023
and 2022 were not more than 5 of the total contributions made to the Pentegra DB Plan. Pension expense is the net contributions, which
are based upon covered employees age and salaries and are dependent upon the ultimate prescribed benefits of the participants and
the funded status of the plan. The Company recognized expense related to the plans totaling approximately and for the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There are no collective bargaining agreements in place that require contributions
to the Pentegra DB Plan. As of July 1, 2022, the most recent period for which information is available, the Banks had an adjusted funding
target attainment percentage AFTAP of . There are no funding improvement plans or surcharges to participants. Effective
July 1, 2016, sponsorship of the plan was transferred to the Company, benefits ratios were standardized and prospectively each bank will
contribute to the plan based generally on its pro rata share of future benefits. Effective April 1, 2019, the Company elected to freeze
benefits to its employee participants. 

and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The plan terminated in fiscal
year 2022 with the payment of all amounts due. 

33 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

11. Retirement and Employee Benefit
Plans : (continued) 

at June 30, 2022. The loan was fully repaid during the year ended June 30,
2023. The Company recorded expense for the ESOP of approximately and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Shares may be surrendered from the plan as employees leave employment. Total shares surrendered from the plan totaled and 
at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

and for the years 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Shares committed to be released 
 -

Unearned shares 
 -

Total ESOP shares 

Fair value of unearned shares at end of period 
 -

EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted

34 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

-

-

2022 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 
 -

-

35 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

13. Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities :
(continued) 

Available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities 

Loans receivable - net 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

n/a 
 
 Accrued interest receivable 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance 

Accrued interest payable 

Available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities 

Loans held for sale 

Loans receivable - net 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

n/a 
 
 Accrued interest receivable 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance 

Accrued interest payable 

million was originally recorded in March 2005 when the Company, as part of its initial public offering, purchased Frankfort First
Bancorp, Inc., with a portion of the stock and cash proceeds from the offering. Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a purchase
business combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized, but tested for impairment at least annually.
The Company has selected March 31 as the date to perform its annual impairment test with more frequent monitoring if circumstances warrant.
The Company adopted ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, effective
April 1, 2020. The carrying value of goodwill was at June 30, 2022 and 2021. Intangible assets with definite useful lives are
amortized over their estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values. Goodwill is the only intangible asset with an indefinite
life on our balance sheet. 

36 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

Changes in composition of related parties 
 -
 
 -

Principal disbursed during the year 
 -
 
 -

Principal repaid and refinanced during the year 

Outstanding principal, end of year 

million and million, respectively. 

37 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

and .
We do expect ASU 2016-13 to add complexity and costs to its current credit loss evaluation process. 

38 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

-

Held-to-maturity Securities 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 
 
 -

-
 
 -

Held-to-maturity Securities 

Agency mortgage-backed: residential 

At June 30, 2023, the Company s
debt securities consisted of mortgage-backed securities, which do not have a single maturity date. Actual maturities may differ from contractual
maturities, because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

There were no sales of securities during the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023 or 2022. At June 30, 2023 the Company had no available-for-sale
mortgage-backed securities with gross unrealized losses that had been in an unrealized loss position for more than 12 months and 
in available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities with gross unrealized losses of that had been in an unrealized loss position
for less than 12 months. At June 30, 2022, the Company had no available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities in a gross unrealized loss
position. 

At June 30, 2023 the Company had in held-to-maturity
mortgage-backed securities with gross unrealized losses of that had been in an unrealized loss position for more than 12 months
and no held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities with gross unrealized losses that had been in an unrealized loss position for less
than 12 months. At June 30, 2022, the Company had in held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities with gross unrealized losses
of that had been in an unrealized loss position for more than 12 months and held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities
with gross unrealized losses of that had been in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months. 

Securities in an unrealized loss position as a percent of
total securities were and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Unrealized losses on agency mortgage-backed
securities have not been recognized into income because they are of high credit quality (rated AA or higher), management does not intend
to sell and it is likely that management will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline
in fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates and other market conditions. The fair value is expected to recover as the investments
reach maturity. 

At June 30, 2023 and 2022, pledged
securities totaled million and million, respectively. In addition, at June 30, 2023 and 2022, our pledged assets also included
overnight deposits of million and million, respectively. 

39 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Multi-family 

Construction 

Land 

Farm 

Nonresidential real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 

Home equity 

Automobile 

Unsecured 

Allowance for loan losses 

The amounts above include net deferred
loan fees of and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

. There
were and in loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

June 30, 2023: 

-

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

-

Home Equity 
 
 -

-

-

Loans collectivelly evaluated for impairment: 

Residential real estate 

One- to four-family 

Multi-family 

Construction 

Land 

Farm 

Nonresidential real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 

Home equity 

Automobile 

-

Unsecured 

40 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

June 30, 2022: 

-

Multi-family 
 
 -

-

Farm 
 
 -

-

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

-

Consumer and other 

Home equity 
 
 -

-

Unsecured 
 
 -

-

-

Loans collectivelly evaluated for impairment: 

Residential real estate 

One- to four-family 

Multi-family 

Construction 

Land 

Farm 

Nonresidential real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 

Home equity 

Automobile 

-

Unsecured 

These loans were evaluated at acquisition date at their estimated fair value and there has been no subsequent deterioration since acquisition. 

41 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

-

Multi-family 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Home equity 
 
 -

Unsecured 
 -
 
 -

-

June 30, 2022: 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Residential real estate 

One- to four-family 
 
 -

Multi-family 
 
 -

Farm 
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

Consumer and other 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Home equity 
 
 -

Unsecured 
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

42 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

days still on accrual status by class of loans as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. The tables
include loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality. At June 30, 2023, the table below includes approximately of loans on
nonaccrual and no loans past due over days and still accruing of loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality, while at June 30,
2022, approximately of loans on nonaccrual and no loans past due over days and still accruing represent such loans. 

Multi-family 
 -
 
 -

-

Farm 
 -
 
 -

-

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

-

Commercial and industrial 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Home equity 
 
 -

-

Unsecured 
 -

-

One- to four-family loans in process
of foreclosure totaled and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings: 

A Troubled Debt Restructuring TDR is the situation where the Bank grants a concession to the borrower that the Banks would not otherwise have considered due to the borrower s
financial difficulties. All TDRs are considered impaired. 

At June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had and million of loans classified as TDRs, respectively. 

During 

The Company had no allocated specific
reserves to customers whose loan terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings as of June 30, 2023 or 2022. At June 30, 2023
and 2022, TDR loans on nonaccrual status totaled and million, respectively. The Company had no commitments to lend additional
amounts as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, to customers with outstanding loans that are classified as troubled debt restructurings. The Company
had no TDR loans which defaulted during fiscal 2023 or during fiscal 2022. 

43 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

The tables include loans
acquired with deteriorated credit quality. 

June 30, 2023: 

Multi-family 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Land 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 
 
 -

Commercial and industrial 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 

Automobile 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 
 
 -

June 30, 2022: 

Multi-family 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 
 
 -

Land 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Commercial and industrial 

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 

Automobile 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

44 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

45 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

-

Multi-family 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Land 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 

-

Commercial and industrial 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 
 
 -

-

Automobile 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

June 30, 2022: 

-

Multi-family 
 
 -

-

Construction 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Land 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 
 -

-

Nonresidential real estate 

-

Commercial and industrial 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 
 
 -

-

Automobile 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 
 
 -

-

-

46 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

June 30, 2023: 

Multi-family 

-
 
 -

Construction 

-
 
 -

Land 

-
 
 -

Farm 

-
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 

-

Commercial and industrial 

-
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 

-
 
 -

Automobile 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

June 30, 2022: 

-

Multi-family 

-
 
 -

Construction 

-
 
 -

Land 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Farm 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Nonresidential real estate 

-
 
 -

Commercial and industrial 

-
 
 -

Consumer and other 

Loans on deposits 

-
 
 -

Home equity 

-
 
 -

Automobile 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Unsecured 

47 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE C - LOANS (continued) 

and , at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, was as follows: 

Accretion of income 

Balance at end of year 

For those purchased loans disclosed
above, the Company made no increase in allowance for loan losses for the years ended June 30, 2023 or 2022, nor were any allowance for
loan losses reversed during those years. 

Loans transferred to real estate owned 

Capitalized expenditures 
 -
 
 -

Valuation adjustments 
 -
 
 -

Disposals 
 -

Balance at end of year 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Balance at end of year 

48 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

million was originally
recorded in March 2005 when the Company, as part of its initial public offering, purchased Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc., with a portion
of the stock and cash proceeds from the offering. The Company has of goodwill net of impairment losses of million at June
30, 2023 and 2022. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, a prolonged decline in the stock price of the Company exacerbated by the
COVID-19 pandemic and its related economic impact led to management s performance of a goodwill impairment analysis as of June 30,
2020. Based on the results of this analysis and in conjunction with management s early adoption of ASU 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment , the estimated fair value of the Company was less than book value,
resulting in a million goodwill impairment charge. Goodwill impairment exists when a Company s reporting unit s carrying
value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. The estimated fair value of the Company was determined based on a combination of methods including
discounted cash flows of forecasted earnings and estimated sales price based on recent observable market transactions of similar securities. 

Checking accounts 

Savings Accounts 

Money market demand deposits 

Total demand, transaction and passbook deposits 

Certificates of deposit 

Total deposits 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

At June 30, 2023 and 2022, the
Company had certificate of deposit accounts with balances equal to or in excess of totaling approximately million and 
million, respectively. Brokered certificates of deposit totaled million at June 30, 2023. 

49 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

million and million, respectively, and the Banks investment in Federal Home Loan Bank stock, are summarized
as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

2030-2033 
 -

At June 30, 2023 interest rates for
advances were fixed ranging from to , with a weighted-average interest rate of . 

Each advance is payable at its maturity
date, with a prepayment penalty for fixed rate advances. Based on collateral composed of first mortgage loans and the Company s
holdings of FHLB stock, the Company was eligible to borrow up to million as of June 30, 2023. In addition, we have the ability to
borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window. At June 30, 2023, based on home equity loans and share loans we had pledged collateral
which would enable us to borrow up to million. First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky at June 30, 2023, had a million Fed Funds
line of credit with the Independent Correspondent Bankers Bank. 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Cash surrender value of life insurance 

State income taxes 

Other 

50 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE I - INCOME TAXES (continued) 

Accrued expenses 

Fair value accounting adjustments at acquisition 

Nonaccrued interest on loans 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 
 
 -

Depreciation 

State net operating loss carryforward 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends 

Deferred loan origination costs 

Loan servicing rights 

Accrual to cash adjustment 

Fair value accounting adjustments on acquisition 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

The Company has state net operating
loss carryforward of million, which expires beginning 2037. 

Prior to 1997, the Banks were allowed
a special bad debt deduction, generally limited to of otherwise taxable income, and subject to certain limitations based on aggregate
loans and deposit account balances at the end of the year. If the amounts that qualified as deductions for federal income taxes are later
used for purposes other than bad debt losses, including distributions in excess of accumulated earnings and profits, such distributions
will be subject to federal income taxes at the then current corporate income tax rate. Retained earnings at June 30, 2023 include
approximately million for which federal and state income taxes have not been provided. The amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability
relating to the cumulative bad debt deduction was approximately million at June 30, 2023. 

51 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE J - LOAN COMMITMENTS (continued) 

-

Commitments to fund real estate construction loans 
 -

-

Other unused commitments: 

Commercial and industrial loans 

Other 

Letters of credit 
 -

-
 
 -

Commitments to make loans are generally
made for periods of 60 days or less. There were no fixed rate loan commitments to fund real estate construction loans at June 30, 2022.
Other unused commitments include real estate loan commitments, which represent the primary loans made by the Banks. Long-term, fixed rate
mortgage loans are usually sold to the FHLB, as part of the Company s interest rate risk strategy. 

of
assets be maintained in housing-related finance and other specified assets. If the QTL test is not met, limits are placed on growth, branching,
new investment, FHLB advances, and dividends or the institutions must convert to a commercial bank charter. Management believes that the
QTL test has been met. 

Dividend Restrictions Dividends
from the Banks are the primary source of funds for the Company. Banking regulations limit the amount of dividends that may be paid to
the Company by the Banks without prior approval of the Office of the Controller of the Currency (the OCC. Under these regulations
the amount of dividends that may be paid in any calendar year is limited to the current year s net profits, combined with the retained
net profits of the preceding two years. At June 30, 2023, the Banks could, without prior approval, declare no dividends. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements
 The Banks are subject to minimum regulatory capital standards promulgated by the OCC. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements
can initiate certain mandatory -- and possibly additional discretionary -- actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct
material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework
for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Banks must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the
Company s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital
amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 

Prompt corrective action regulations
provide five classifications: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically
undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval
is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and
capital restoration plans are required. 

Capital Standards Effective
January 1, 2020, the Company and the Banks became subject to the Community Bank Leverage Ratio CBLR framework. Previously
the Company and the Banks were subject to regulatory capital reforms in accordance with Basel III. 

52 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE K - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
AND REGULATORY CAPITAL (continued) 

billion in average total consolidated assets and a leverage ratio (referred to as the community
bank leverage ratio of greater than , were eligible to opt-in to the CBLR framework. The CBLR ratio is the ratio of a banking
organization s Tier 1 capital to its average total consolidated assets as reported on the banking organization s applicable
regulatory filings. The Banks elected to utilize the CBLR framework effective for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. 

In April 2020, federal banking regulators
issued temporary changes to the CBLR framework according to certain directives of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act. These changes were adopted as a final rule and applied to those banking organizations otherwise meeting the other existing qualifying
criteria. 

Under this framework the Company and
the Banks would be considered well-capitalized under the applicable guidelines. 

The Basel III, which became effective
January 1, 2015, established higher minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements, a new common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
and a new capital conservation buffer CCB. The regulations also included revisions to the definition of capital and changes
in the risk-weighting of certain assets, in addition to redefining well capitalized as a common equity Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio, an Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, a total risk-based capital ratio and a Tier 1 leverage ratio. The CCB
is and, if the Company and the Banks were unable to qualify for the CBLR framework, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions,
including dividend payments, engaging in share repurchases and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, must maintain
the CCB at the appropriate level. 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

June 30, 2022 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

53 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE K - STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND REGULATORY
CAPITAL (continued) 

million in dividends. 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Interest-bearing deposits in First Federal of Kentucky 

Other interest-bearing deposits 
 -

Investment in First Federal of Hazard 

Investment in Frankfort First 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

54 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

NOTE L - CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF
KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP (continued) 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)
INCOME 

Years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Non-interest income 
 -
 
 -

Dividends from First Federal of Hazard 

Equity in undistributed (excess distributed) earnings of First Federal of Hazard 

Dividends from Frankfort First 

Equity in undistributed (excess distributed) earnings of Frankfort First 

Total income 

Non-interest expenses 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax-related effects: 

Unrealized holding losses on securities designated as available-for-sale during the year, net 
of tax benefits of and in 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 
 -

55 

KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For Years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Excess (deficit) distributions over earnings (undistributed earnings from consolidated subsidiaries 

Noncash compensation expense 

Increase (decrease) in cash due to changes in: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Treasury stock purchases 

Dividends paid on common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

56 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp would like to recognize our employees
who work hard every day to maximize the value of your investment: 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

Frankfort-Danville-Lancaster 

Lesa Asbery 
 Customer Service Leader 
 
 Lyndi Baker 
 Customer Service Leader 
 
 Brenda Baldwin 
 Financial analyst 
 
 Melissa Banta 
 Vice President Human Resources 
 
 Chase Barnett 
 Vice President Loan Officer 
 
 Phyllis Bryant 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Nancy Carpenter 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Kelsey Carter 
 Customer Service Leader 
 
 Katresha Clay 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Andrea Cline 
 Accounting Assistant 
 
 Lisa Craig 
 Vice President Deposit Operations 
 
 Tracie Crawley 
 Digital Banking Coordinator 
 
 Becky Crowe 
 Customer Service Leader 
 
 Deryl Curtis 
 Loan
 Servicing Specialist 
 
 Cortney Dillingham 
 Vice President Chief Credit Officer 
 
 Betty Doolin 
 Audit Coordinator for Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 
 Tyler Eades 
 Vice President/Chief Financial Officer of Kentucky First Federal 

Bancorp
and Chief Financial Officer of First Federal of Hazard 
 
 Diana Eads 
 Customer Service Leader 
 
 Tiffaney Elliott 
 Chief Operating Officer Danville-Lancaster and Chief Financial 

Officer
of First Federal of Kentucky 
 
 Jamey Ensley 
 Information Technology 
 
 Debra Freeman 
 Customer Service Leader/Training Coordinator 
 
 Cameron Frisby 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Stacey Greenawalt 
 Vice President Head of Residential Lending 
 
 Bernice Harrod 
 Assistant Vice President Loan Processing Coordinator 
 
 Melissa Harrod 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Karen Hatfield 
 Assistant Vice President/Customer Service Leader 
 
 Lee Ann Hockensmith 
 Vice President Chief Customer Officer 
 
 Nikki Hodge 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Ronald Howard 
 Vice President/Chief Lancaster Market Officer 
 
 Brittany Hulette 
 Accounting Assistant 
 
 Clay Hulette 
 Frankfort Area President 
 
 Teresa Hulette 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 Don Jennings 
 Chief Executive Officer 

57 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

Frankfort-Danville-Lancaster, continued 

Eve Ann Jones 
 Customer Service Rep/Marketing Assistant 
 
 Sara Mack 
 Accounting Department Coordinator 
 
 Tracey McCoun 
 Vice President/BSA Officer/Deposit Compliance Officer 
 
 Christina Miller 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Samantha Miller 
 Vice President/Loan Compliance Officer/Credit Analyst 
 
 Julie Moore 
 Vice President/Loan Officer 
 
 Shelby Morris 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Carolyn Mulcahy 
 Assistant Vice President/Administrative Assistant 
 
 Jeanie Murphy 
 Loan
 Servicing Specialist 
 
 Lavenna Quire 
 Vice President/Loan Officer 
 
 David Semones 
 Security Officer/Loan Assistant 
 
 John Senter 
 Vice President/Loan Officer 
 
 Cynthia Shank 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Jenny Stump 
 Loan Processor 
 
 Angie Tennell 
 Loan Processor 
 
 Yvonne Thornberry 
 Loan Servicing 
 
 Mike Ware 
 Vice President/Information Technology Manager 
 
 Jennifer Whalen 
 Vice President/Loan Officer 

First
Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 

Jaime S. Coffey 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Carlen Dixon 
 Vice President/Loan Officer/Information Technology 
 
 Kelly Fugate 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Jamie Haynes 
 Assistant Vice President/Treasurer 
 
 Melissa Matthews 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Margaret S. Petrey 
 Vice President/Head Teller 
 
 Lauren Riley 
 Vice President/Collections/Loan Officer 
 
 Eliza Stacy 
 Customer Service Rep 
 
 Jessica Watts 
 Vice President/Secretary/Loan Administration 

58 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp Board of Directors : 

Stephen G. Barker, Attorney and President and
General Counsel to Kentucky River Properties, LLC 

Walter G. Ecton, Jr., Attorney and principal
of Ecton, Murphy and Shannon, PLLC 

Lou Ella Farler, former President and CEO of
First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 

William D. Gorman, Jr., former President and
CEO of Hazard Insurance Agency 

David R. Harrod, CPA, principal of Harrod and
Associates, PSC 

Don D. Jennings, President, Kentucky First
Federal Bancorp 

William H. Johnson, former Danville/Lancaster
area President, First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky 

Tony D. Whitaker, Chairman, Kentucky First
Federal Bancorp 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association
of Hazard Board of Directors : 

Stephen G. Barker 
 
 Jaime Coffey 
 
 Walter G. Ecton, Jr. 
 
 Lou Ella Farler 
 
 William D. Gorman, Jr. 
 
 Tony D. Whitaker, Chairman 

First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky Board
of Directors : 

Russell M. Brooks 
 
 J. Mark Goggans 
 
 David R. Harrod 
 
 R. Clay Hulette 
 
 Don D. Jennings, Chairman 
 
 William H. Johnson 
 
 Yvonne Y. Morley 
 
 Jerry M. Purcell 
 
 Mark Stamper 

Virginia R.S. Stump 

Special Counsel 
 
 Kilpatrick Townsend Stockton LLP 

Suite 900 

607 14 th Street NW 

Washington, DC 20005-2018 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 EQ formerly known as American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC 

6201 15 th Avenue 

Brooklyn, NY 11219 

(718) 921-8124 

The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will
be held on November 16, 2023 at 4:30 p.m. at the Challenger Center on the campus of Hazard Community and Technical College located at
One Community Drive in Hazard, KY. 

Shareholder Inquiries and Availability of 10-K
Reports: A COPY OF THE COMPANY S ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023, AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION WILL BE FURNISHED WITHOUT CHARGE TO SHAREHOLDERS AS OF THE RECORD DATE FOR THE NOVEMBER 16, 2023 ANNUAL MEETING, UPON WRITTEN
REQUEST TO: 

Investor Relations: 
 
 Don Jennings 
 
 don.jennings@ffsbky.bank 

Clay Hulette 
 
 clay.hulette@ffsbky.bank 

(502) 223-1638 or 1-888-818-3372 
216 W Main St 
PO Box 535 
Frankfort, KY 40602 

59 

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 3
 f10k2023ex21_kentuckyfirst.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

State or Other 

Jurisdiction of 
 Percentage 

Incorporation 
 Ownership 
 
 Parent 

Kentucky First Federal Bancorp 
 United States 
 N/A 
 
 Subsidiaries (1) 

First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Hazard 
 United States 
 100 
 
 Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 100 
 
 First Federal Savings Bank of Kentucky (2) 
 United States 
 100 

(1) The
assets, liabilities and operations of the subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements contained in the Annual
Report to Stockholders attached hereto as Exhibit 13. 

(2) Wholly
owned subsidiary of Frankfort First Bancorp, Inc., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-1_kentuckyfirst.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification 

I, Don D. Jennings, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-(15)(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Don D. Jennings 

Don D. Jennings 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex31-2_kentuckyfirst.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification 

I, R. Clay Hulette, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-(15)(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: September 28, 2023 

/s/ R. Clay Hulette 

R. Clay Hulette 

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 f10k2023ex32_kentuckyfirst.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned executive
officers of Kentucky First Federal Bancorp (the Registrant hereby certify that this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Registrant. 

By: 
 /s/ Don D. Jennings 

Name: 
 Don D. Jennings 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ R. Clay Hulette 

Name: 
 R. Clay Hulette 

Title: 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Date: September 28, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kffb-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kffb-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kffb-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kffb-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kffb-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

