<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230927_10-K_edgar_data_1853047_0001213900-23-079984.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4469017</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>265533</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>926433</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>936389</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1141079</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1098875</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-079984.hdr.sgml : 20230927
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230927172840
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-079984
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230927
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230927

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hudson Acquisition I Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001853047
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				862712843
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41532
		FILM NUMBER:		231285552

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1209 ORANGE STREET
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-345-0953

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1209 ORANGE STREET
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-079984.txt : 20230927

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_hudsonacq1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ___________ to _____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter) 

86- 2712843 (State of Other Jurisdiction
of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification
No.) , , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (ZIP Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone
Number, Including Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check whether
the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error
to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that
required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

As of September 27, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

Part
 II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 25 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 29 

Part
 III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 33 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 34 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 37 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 38 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 38 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
of the statements contained in this annual report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

our
ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
ability to complete our Initial Business Combination; 

our
expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our Initial Business Combination; 

our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in
approving our Initial Business Combination; 

our
potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our Initial Business Combination; 

our
pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our
public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
lack of a market for our securities; 

the
use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our
financial performance. 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our prospectus dated
October 14, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 17, 2022. 

ii 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

Unless
otherwise stated in this annual report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended
and restated certificate of incorporation are to our certificate of incorporation in effect; 

equity-linked
securities are to any securities of our company which are convertible into, exchangeable for, or exercisable for common stock
of our company; 

founder
shares are to shares of our common stock initially purchased by our sponsor; 

initial
stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management 
or our management team are to our officers and directors, and directors are to our current directors; 

Nasdaq 
are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

public
shares are to shares of our common stock sold as part of our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial
public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers and directors to the extent our sponsor,
officers or directors purchase public shares, provided that each of their status as a public stockholder shall only exist
with respect to such public shares; 

sponsor 
are to Hudson SPAC Holding LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

trust
account are to the trust account located in the United States and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
acting as trustee under that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2022, that currently holds or has
previously held the proceeds from the Company s initial public offering; 

we, 
 us, our, Company, or our company are to Hudson Acquisition I Corp., a Delaware
corporation. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on January 13, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses,
which we refer to herein as our Initial Business Combination. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we will not generate
operating revenues until we consummate our Initial Business Combination. 

Initial Public Offering 

The registration statement
pursuant to which we registered our securities offered in the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 14, 2022. On October
18, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering and sold 6,000,000 units (the Units at a price to the public of 10.00
per Unit, resulting in total gross proceeds of 60,000,000 (before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses). Each
Unit consists of one share of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock and one right to receive one-fifth
(1/5) of a share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination Right ). 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor, Hudson SPAC Holding LLC (the Sponsor should have purchased a total of 340,000
units (the Initial Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per the Initial Private Placement Unit (the Private
Placement ). However, on October 18, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor partially
consummated the Private Placement by subscribing to 238,500 units (the Purchased Private Placement Units instead of the
full Initial Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of approximately 2,385,000 instead of the full 3,400,000, part of the
proceeds of which were placed in the Trust Account. The Trust Account was nonetheless fully-funded. On November 30, 2022, the Company
received an additional remittance of 515,000 underlying the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units. Additionally, on
December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of 500,000 towards the remaining stock subscription
balance, which fully funded the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units. No underwriting discounts or commissions were
paid with respect to the Private Placement. The Purchased Private Placement Units are identical to the Units, except that (a) the Purchased
Private Placement Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the consummation
of our Initial Business Combination except to permitted transferees and (b) the shares and rights included as a component of the Purchased
Private Placement Units, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, will be entitled to registration rights,
respectively. If we do not complete our Initial Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date, the proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law) and the rights included as part of the Private Placement Units will expire worthless. 

On October 21, 2022, the Company closed the sale
of 845,300 units (the OA Units at 10.00 per unit as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment
option (the Overallotment Offering in connection with the previously announced Initial Public Offering pursuant to the
underwriting agreement by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022. Each OA Unit consists of one
share of Common Stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of the Common
Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination (the Right ). Such OA Units were registered pursuant to the
Company s registration statement. As a result of the Overallotment Offering, the Company received gross proceeds of 8,453,000 (before
deducting certain underwriting discount and fees), part of which was placed in the Trust Account. On October 21, 2022, simultaneously
with the consummation of the Overallotment Offering, the Company completed the private placement of additional 31,500 units (the Overallotment
Private Placement Units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022 by and between the Company and
the Sponsor, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of 10.00 per
Overallotment Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 315,000, a portion of which was placed in the Trust Account. 

1 

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering on October 18, 2022 and sale of the Private Placement Units on October 21, 2022, an amount of 69,479,795
was placed in a Trust Account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. The funds
held in the Trust Account were invested only in United States government Treasury bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of 185 days
or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act and that
invest solely in U.S. treasuries, so that the Company is not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except
with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay for income or other
tax obligations, the remaining proceeds will not be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of the completion of an Initial
Business Combination or mandatory liquidation. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers
of a target business with which the Company completes the Initial Business Combination to the extent not used to pay redeeming stockholders.
Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance operations of the target business. 

On July 17, 2023, the
Company filed a certificate of amendment (the Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The
Certificate of Amendment amends the Certificate of Incorporation to (i) give the Company the option to extend the date by which it
must effect a Business Combination beyond July 18, 2023 up to nine (9) times for an additional (1) month each time to April 18, 2024
upon the deposit into the Trust Account of 80,000 for each calendar month and (ii) eliminate the limitation that the Company may
not redeem public shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets (as determined in
accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of less than 5,000,001. This amendment increased the time
the Company has to consummate an Initial Business Combination from the original maximum amount of 15 months to 18 months from the
Initial Public Offering date. In connection with the votes to approve the proposals above, the holders of 4,427,969 shares
of common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately 10.43 per share, leaving approximately 25
million in the Trust Account. 

Business Strategy 

Our business strategy is
to identify and complete our Initial Business Combination with a company that complements the experience of our management team and can
benefit from their operational, marketing and financial expertise. Our selection process will leverage the Company s Board of Directors
and executives broad relationship, deep industry experience and deal sourcing capabilities to access a wide spectrum of opportunities
in the technology sector in the United States. This network has been developed over the past decades in executive positions with various
global firms and public companies. We shall not undertake our Initial Business Combination with any entity being based in or having the
majority of its operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We believe that our management team will identify a business combination
that will benefit from their experience, including: 

Long history of sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating,
developing, growing and financing businesses; 

Significant integration experience implementing new technologies
and systems to drive value and standardization; 

Strong marketing and capital allocation decision-making to
establish and maintain premium brand; and 

Sound understanding of public company performance requirements
and ability to guide private-to-public process. 

Our management team will access their network of
relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and begin the process of reviewing and pursuing potential
business combinations. 

2 

Acquisition Criteria 

Our acquisition strategy will leverage the Hudson
Team s network of long-standing relationships and industry contacts as well as inbound opportunities to source a business combination.
Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important
in evaluating prospective target businesses. We shall not undertake our Initial Business Combination with any entity being based in or
having the majority of its operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating
acquisition opportunities, and we intend to identify and acquire one or more businesses that we believe exhibit a number of the following
attributes: 

Well established market presence with recognizable brand
and reputation for quality service; 

Platform with sufficient scale and geographic concentration
from which to expand through acquisitions; 

Generates stable free cash flow or has the potential to do
so near term; 

Generates returns well in excess of the cost of capital; 

Easily identified cost savings that can be realized near
term; 

Modest capital requirements to refurbish locations to quality
standards; 

Can benefit from new technologies and systems to meaningfully
enhance financial performance; 

Quality management and personnel with ability to contribute
to growth strategy; and 

Would benefit from being publicly traded and having access
to incremental growth capital. 

These criteria and guidelines are not intended to
be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular Initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem
relevant. In addition to any potential business candidates we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates
will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and
large business enterprises seeking to divest non core assets or divisions. 

Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial
and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning
experience. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an Initial
Business Combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the Initial Business Combination
through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our
Initial Business Combination with an Initial Business Combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we,
or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an Initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Our senior advisor Pengfei Xie manages indirectly
the sponsor, own founder shares, and, accordingly, Pengfei Xie may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target
business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our Initial Business Combination. Further, our officers, directors or senior
advisor may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of
any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our Initial Business
Combination. 

3 

Certain of our directors and officers currently
have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary
duties. If any of our directors or officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has then-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such
business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. 

No members of our management team have any obligation
to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member specifically
in his or her capacity as an officer or a director of the company. Members of our management team may be required to present potential
business combinations to other entities to whom they have fiduciary duties before they present such opportunities to us. Any knowledge
or presentation of such opportunities may therefore present conflicts of interest. 

Initial Business Combination 

In accordance with the rules of Nasdaq, our Initial
Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of
the value of the assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if any, and excluding
the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of
our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our Initial Business Combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent valuation or appraisal firm
with respect to satisfaction of such criteria. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion nor will they be able
to rely on such opinion. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our Initial Business
Combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one
or more prospective businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our Initial Business Combination with another blank check
company or a similar company with nominal operations. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any Initial Business Combination must be
approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We anticipate structuring our Initial Business
Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity
interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our Initial Business Combination such that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners
of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or
more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For
example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital
stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our Initial Business Combination
could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our Initial Business Combination. If less than 100 
of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion
of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. If
the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value
of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the Initial Business Combination for purposes of a
tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

4 

The net proceeds of this offering released to us
from the trust account upon the closing of our Initial Business Combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target
business with which we complete our Initial Business Combination. If our Initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt
securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our Initial
Business Combination or used for redemption of our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account
following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our Initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase
of other companies or for working capital. In addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing
of our Initial Business Combination to be used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. There is no limitation
on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness
in connection with our Initial Business Combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third
party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our sponsor, officers, directors
or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our Initial Business Combination. We may also obtain
financing prior to the closing of our Initial Business Combination to fund our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection
with our search for and completion of our Initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide
that, following this offering and prior to the consummation of our Initial Business Combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional
securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public
shares (a) on any Initial Business Combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with
any such amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem
their public shares. In the event that our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, elect to extend the time to complete a business combination
and deposit the applicable amount of money into trust, the sponsor would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note
equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless
there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our Initial Business
Combination, or, at the sponsor s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units
at a price of 10.00 per unit. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its
intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the deadline.
In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited.
The sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our Initial
Business Combination. If we are unable to consummate our Initial Business Combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds
held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a
result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our dissolution and
liquidation, the private units will expire and will be worthless. 

Status as a Public
Company 

We
believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer
a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation,
the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination
of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various
costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost-effective
method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional
expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a
business combination with us. 

5 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and
an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further benefits by
augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our Common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.
References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million
as of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last completed fiscal year. 

Financial Position 

With
funds available for a business combination in the amount of approximately 25 million as of the date of this report, before estimated
offering and working capital expenses, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners,
providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio.
Because we are able to complete our Initial Business Combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance
it will be available to us. 

6 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not
presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations other than finding a business combination until we consummate our Initial
Business Combination. We intend to effectuate our Initial Business Combination
using cash from the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the private placement units, the proceeds of
the sale of our shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements
we may enter into following the consummation of this offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to
bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our Initial Business Combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to
the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our Initial Business Combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our Initial Business Combination or used for redemption of our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released
to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our Initial Business
Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through a
private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our Initial Business Combination, and we may effectuate
our Initial Business Combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition,
we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts
needed to satisfy any redemptions by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed Initial
Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously
with the completion of our Initial Business Combination. In the case of an Initial Business Combination funded with assets other than
the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the Initial Business Combination would disclose the
terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our
ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness
in connection with our Initial Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter
into following consummation of this offering. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party
with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or
stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our Initial Business Combination. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, following this offering and prior to the consummation of our Initial Business
Combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds
from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any Initial Business Combination or (b) to
approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business
combination, or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation) we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares. In the event that our sponsor or its
affiliates or designees, elect to extend the time to complete a business combination and deposit the applicable amount of money into trust,
the sponsor would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not
be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to
do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our Initial Business Combination, or, at the sponsor s discretion, converted
upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. In the event that we receive
notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release
announcing such intention at least three days prior to the 	deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after
the deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. The sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated
to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our Initial Business Combination. To the extent that some, but not all,
of the sponsor, decides to extend the period of time to consummate our Initial Business Combination, the sponsor (or its affiliates or
designees) may deposit the entire amount required. If we are unable to consummate our Initial Business Combination within such time period,
we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro
rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. However, we may not be able to distribute
such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our
dissolution and liquidation, the private units will expire and will be worthless. 

7 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target business candidates will
be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses
may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources
may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis. Our officers and directors,
as well as our sponsor and its affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through
their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows, conferences
or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily
be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry
and business contacts as well as their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or
other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the
future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s
length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the
use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis
with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily
tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event,
however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated,
be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the
Company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our
Initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Although none of our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective
business combination target in connection with a contemplated Initial Business Combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our
sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
by a target business. Commencing on the date of our Initial Public Offering, we have agreed to pay our sponsor or its affiliate a total
of up to 20,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our Initial Business
Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment
or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our Initial Business Combination. The presence or absence of
any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an Initial Business Combination candidate. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an Initial
Business Combination with an Initial Business Combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making
the Initial Business Combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our Initial Business Combination with an Initial Business Combination target that is affiliated with our
sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an Initial Business Combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of an Initial Business Combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting
such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

8 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business
Combination 

In accordance with the rules of Nasdaq, our Initial
Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of
the value of the assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if any, and excluding
the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of
our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our Initial Business Combination. The fair market value of our Initial Business
Combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community,
such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on
the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine
the fair market value of our Initial Business Combination (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the
satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination
of the fair market value of our Initial Business Combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the
business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects.
We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our Initial Business Combination. Subject
to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective
target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our Initial Business Combination with another blank check company or
a similar company with nominal operations. 

In any case, we will only complete an Initial Business
Combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If
we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or
businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 of fair market value test. There is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target
business with which we may complete our Initial Business Combination. 

To the extent we effect our Initial Business Combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective business target, we
expect to conduct a due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent ownership, management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information
that will be made available to us. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our Initial Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with,
a prospective target business with which our Initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

9 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our Initial Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By completing our Initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory
developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our Initial
Business Combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single
product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our Initial Business Combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any,
in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management
team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our Initial Business Combination. While it is possible that one
or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our Initial Business Combination, it is unlikely that
any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our Initial Business Combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you
that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our Initial Business Combination. 

Following our Initial Business Combination, we
may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will
have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business
Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is
a graphic explanation of the types of Initial Business Combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required
under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

10 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required
for our Initial Business Combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or
in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders
(as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or
indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could
result in an increase in outstanding shares of common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result
in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval of our Initial
Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately-negotiated transactions
or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our Initial Business Combination. There is no limit on the number
of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance
with applicable law and NASDAQ rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and
have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such
purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are
prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such
rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16
of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account
will be used to purchase shares in such transactions prior to completion of our Initial Business Combination. 

Subsequent to our Initial
Public Offering, we adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing our securities during
certain blackout periods when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) clear all trades of company
securities with a compliance officer prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant
to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such
purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine
that such a plan is not necessary. 

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to vote such shares in favor of the Initial Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of the Initial Business Combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our Initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our Initial Business Combination that may not
otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of common stock may
be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the
quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of
their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may
pursue privately-negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests
tendered by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our Initial Business Combination. To the extent that
our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential
selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account
or vote against our Initial Business Combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our Initial
Business Combination. Such persons would select the stockholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available,
the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share
paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its
shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase
shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

11 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will be made only to the extent
such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2)
and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order
for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases
of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will
be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting
requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our Initial Business Combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Initial Business Combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our Initial Business Combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our Initial Business Combination either (i) in
connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Initial Business Combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means
of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Initial Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirements. 

Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not
typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue
more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder
approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s
stockholder approval rules. 

The requirement that we provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above will be contained in provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing
on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote in-person or by proxy
at a general meeting. 

If we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting, we will: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the
tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

12 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our Initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Initial
Business Combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital
stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to
vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open
market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our Initial Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the
majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our Initial Business Combination
once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need only 127,848, or
2.13 , of the 6,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an Initial Business Combination in order to have our
Initial Business Combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised).
We intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required,
at which a vote shall be taken to approve our Initial Business Combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements
of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our Initial Business Combination. Each public stockholder
may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a
stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and
Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our Initial Business Combination, which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the Initial Business Combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our Initial Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. 

Upon the public announcement of our Initial Business
Combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established
in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under
the Exchange Act. 

We intend to require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s
option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using
the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on
the proposal to approve the Initial Business Combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote,
we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our
transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our Initial Business
Combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will
allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming
public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed Initial Business Combination
is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public
stockholders who elected to redeem their shares. 

13 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business
Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our Initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Initial Business Combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with
any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall
also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares,
and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed Initial Business Combination
as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on
other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in this
offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a
premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no
more than 15 of the shares sold in this offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of
stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination, particularly in connection with
an Initial Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for
or against our Initial Business Combination. 

Delivering Stock Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of
Redemption Rights 

As described above, we intend to require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically using the Company s DWAC system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the
Initial Business Combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public
stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business
days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination will indicate
whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to
two business days prior to the vote on the Initial Business Combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out
our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek
to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the
proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable
for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process
and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker
submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the
redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights
to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing
of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may
be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder
of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the
applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically
or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares
will be distributed promptly after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. 

14 

If our Initial Business Combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our proposed Initial Business Combination is
not completed, we may continue to try to complete an Initial Business Combination with a different target until our mandatory date of
liquidation. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business
Combination 

If we are unable to complete our Initial Business
Combination before our mandatory date of liquidation, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our Initial Business Combination before our mandatory date of liquidation.
However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our Initial Business Combination within the allotted time
period. In the event that our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, elect to extend the time to complete a business combination and
deposit the applicable amount of money into trust, the sponsor would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal
to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there
are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our Initial Business Combination,
or, at the sponsor s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price
of 10.00 per unit. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its intent to effect
an extension, we will issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the 9-month deadline. In addition,
we intend to issue a press release the day after the deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. The sponsor
and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our Initial Business
Combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of the sponsor, decides to extend the period of time to consummate our Initial Business
Combination, the sponsor (or its affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. If we are unable to consummate our Initial
Business Combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, and then seek to dissolve and
liquidate. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the
claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the private units will expire and will be worthless. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an
Initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our Initial Business Combination within the
allotted time or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-Initial Business
Combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares. 

15 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately
 740,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.
We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However,
if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent
that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance,
we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
this offering other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the
trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15. The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the
claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will
not be substantially less than 10.15. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against
us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must
be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts,
if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may
not execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust
account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as
claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets,
including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to enter into an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to the Company, and
will only enter into an agreement with such third party if our management believes that such third party s engagement would be in
the best interests of the Company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses
to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to
complete our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with
our Initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought
against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders
could be less than the 10.15 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement,
the form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registration statement of our prospectus forms a part, our sponsor has agreed that it
will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.15 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable; provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations, and believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result,
if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our Initial Business Combination and redemptions
could be reduced to less than 10.15 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our Initial Business Combination,
and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties, including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

16 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no
indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors
to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations, and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Accordingly, we cannot assure
you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our
sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is
subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account
could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate, we may fund such excess with
funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account
would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate, the amount of
funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. 

Under the Delaware General
Corporation Law DGCL ), stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent
of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public
stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our Initial Business Combination within the allotted
time may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in
Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice
period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation
may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro
rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after
the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
Initial Business Combination within the allotted time is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances
that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then
be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are
unable to complete our Initial Business Combination within the allotted time we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible, therefore, we do not intend to comply
with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by
them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

17 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment
of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However,
because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. We will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that
any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the
extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of
the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest released to us to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the
event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of
any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.15 per share to our
public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our Initial Business Combination, (ii) the
redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public
shares in connection with an Initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our Initial Business
Combination within the allotted time or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights
or pre-Initial Business Combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our
business combination within the allotted time, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right
or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our Initial Business
Combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the Initial Business Combination alone will not result in a stockholder s
redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised
its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our Initial Business Combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses
seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting
business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human
and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the Initial Business Combination of a target business. Furthermore, our
obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available
to us for our Initial Business Combination the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target
businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an Initial Business Combination. 

18 

Employees 

We currently have two officers and one key employee,
our senior advisor. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote
as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our Initial Business Combination. The amount of time
they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our Initial Business Combination
and the stage of the Initial Business Combination process we are in. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units, common stock and
rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports
with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and
reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with, or reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct
an Initial Business Combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements
in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure
you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance
with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will
be material. 

We will be required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have
our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have no current intention
of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation
of our Initial Business Combination. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public
Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
during the prior three-year period. 

19 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this annual report. However, below is a summary list of material
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues,
and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains
an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on
our proposed Initial Business Combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which
means we may complete our Initial Business Combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, our
initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such Initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential
business combination will be limited to the exercise of your redemption rights, unless we seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business
Combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash
may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into
an agreement for an Initial Business Combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with
respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with
respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our Initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and
that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

The requirement that we complete our Initial Business Combination within
the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an Initial Business Combination and may
decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution
deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

We may not be able to complete our Initial Business Combination within
the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public
shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive only 10.15 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, our
sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public holders, which may influence a vote
on a proposed Initial Business Combination and reduce the public float of our Common stock. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public
shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares,
such shares may not be redeemed. 

20 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account,
except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially
at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could
limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors
of many other blank check companies. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our Initial Business Combination and
we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold
in excess of 15 of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our common stock. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business
combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our Initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete
our Initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.15 per share on our redemption of our public
shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances. 

Subsequent to the completion of our Initial Business Combination, we may
be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect
on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, and which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust
account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.15 per share. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations
of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of
our directors and executive officers. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public
stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy
court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public
stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims
of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be
received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account
could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount
received by public stockholders may be less than 10.15 per share. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company
Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult
for us to complete our Initial Business Combination. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and
regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Initial Business Combination and results
of operations. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against
us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

21 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation
of our Initial Business Combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make
it more difficult to complete our Initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular
industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our Initial Business Combination, you will be
unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Past performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be
indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

We may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors
that may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe
are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our Initial Business Combination with a target that does
not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our Initial Business Combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a financially unstable
business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash
flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and consequently, you may have no assurance from
an independent source that the price we are paying for the target(s) of our Initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a
financial point of view. 

We may issue additional shares of common stock to complete our Initial
Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our Initial Business Combination. Any such issuances would
dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are
not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we
are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.15 per share, or less
than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account. 

We may engage in an Initial Business Combination with one or more target
businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders that
may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial
debt, to complete an Initial Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

We may be able to complete only one business combination with the proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business, which may have a limited number of products
or services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. 

22 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple
prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks
that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may attempt to complete our Initial Business Combination with a private
company about which little information is available, which may result in an Initial Business Combination with a company that is not as
profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of
such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an Initial Business Combination with which a substantial majority
of our stockholders do not agree. 

In order to effectuate an Initial Business Combination, blank check companies
have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments. We cannot assure you that we will
not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier
for us to complete our Initial Business Combination that our stockholders may not support. 

The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from
our trust account), including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors
will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended with the approval of holders of
65 of our common stock who vote in-person or by proxy at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other
blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust
agreement to facilitate the completion of an Initial Business Combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our Initial
Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular
business combination. 

Our private placement units and founder shares may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our Initial Business Combination. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial
statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous Initial Business Combination with some prospective target businesses. 

If we effect our Initial Business Combination with a company with locations
or operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively
impact our operations. 

The SEC has issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain
of the procedures that we, a potential Initial Business Combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such
proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our Initial Business Combination and may constrain the circumstances
under which we could complete an Initial Business Combination. 

If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act,
we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in
such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we would expect
to abandon our efforts to complete an Initial Business Combination and instead to liquidate the Company. 

To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of
the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, instruct the trustee to liquidate the securities held in the Trust Account and instead
to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of the consummation of our Initial Business Combination or our liquidation.
As a result, following the liquidation of securities in the Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds
held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation
of the Company. 

The Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may decrease the value of
our securities following our Initial Business Combination, hinder our ability to consummate an Initial Business Combination, and decrease
the amount of funds available for distribution in connection with a liquidation. 

We 
 have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. These material weaknesses, and any additional material weaknesses that may be identified in the future, could adversely affect
our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

23 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
office is located at 19 West 44 th Street, Suite 1001, New York, New York 10036, and our telephone number is (347)
205-3126. Commencing on October 14, 2022, we have agreed to pay our Sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space, utilities,
and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

To
the knowledge of our management team, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against
us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR
REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our
units, Common Stock and Rights are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols HUDA U , HUDA and HUDA R .
Our units commenced public trading on October 18, 2022. 

Holders 

On
September 27, 2023, there were 2 holders of record of our units. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the
Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

On July 17, 2023, we held
a Special Meeting of stockholders. On June 28, 2023, the record date for the Special Meeting, there were 8,556,625 shares of
common stock outstanding and entitled to be voted at the Special Meeting, approximately 84 of which were represented in person or by
proxy at the Special Meeting. The stockholders approved the proposal to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to give us the option to
extend the date by which we must effect a Business Combination beyond July 18, 2023 up to nine (9) times for an additional (1) month each
time to April 18, 2024 upon the deposit into the Trust Account of 80,000 for each calendar month. This amendment increased the time the Company has to consummate an Initial Business Combination from the original maximum amount of 15
months to 18 months from the Initial Public Offering date. In connection with the votes to approve
the proposals above, the holders of 4,427,969 shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem
their shares for approximately 10.43 per share, leaving approximately 25 million in the Trust Account. 

24 

Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On October 18, 2022, we consummated
our Initial Public Offering and sold 6,000,000 units (the Units at a price to the public of 10.00 per Unit, resulting
in total gross proceeds of 60,000,000 (before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses). Each Unit consists of one
share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5)
of a share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination Right ). 

Simultaneously with the closing
of our Initial Public Offering, our should have purchased a total of 340,000 units (the Initial Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per the Initial Private Placement Unit (the Private Placement ). However, on October 18, 2022, simultaneously
with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor partially consummated the Private Placement by subscribing to 238,500
units (the Purchased Private Placement Units instead of the full Initial Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds
of approximately 2,385,000 instead of the full 3,400,000, part of the proceeds of which were placed in the Trust Account. The Trust
Account was nonetheless fully-funded. On November 30, 2022, the Company received an additional remittance of 515,000 underlying the Sponsor s
purchase of the Private Placement Units and on December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of
 500,000 towards the remaining stock subscription balance, which fully funded the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units. 

On October 21, 2022, we closed
the sale of 845,300 units (the OA Units at 10.00 per unit as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their
over-allotment option (the Overallotment Offering in connection with the previously announced Initial Public Offering pursuant
to the underwriting agreement by and between us and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022. Each OA Unit consists of one
share of Common Stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of the Common
Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination (the Right ). Such OA Units were registered pursuant to our
registration statement. As a result of the Overallotment Offering, we received gross proceeds of 8,453,000 (before deducting certain
underwriting discount and fees), part of which was placed in the Trust Account. On October 21, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation
of the Overallotment Offering, we completed the private placement of additional 31,500 units (the Overallotment Private Placement
Units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022 by and between us and our Sponsor, in connection
with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Overallotment Private Placement
Unit, generating gross proceeds of 315,000, a portion of which was placed in the Trust Account. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 18,
2022 and sale of the Private Placement Units on October 21, 2022, an amount of 69,479,795 was placed in a Trust Account in the United
States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report including, without limitation, statements under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this annual report,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or the company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this annual report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk
Factors and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

25 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 13, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We
intend to effectuate our Initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering, our capital stock,
debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
an Initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022
were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, described below, and identifying a target
for an Initial Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Initial Business
Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the initial public offering.
We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well
as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 34,487,
which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 508,162 offset by general and administrative
expenses of 358,821, franchise tax expense of 65,828, and provision for income taxes of 118,000. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 20,758, which consisted of general and administrative expenses of 2,963 and franchise
tax expense of 17,795. 

Factors That May Adversely
Affect Our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We
cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which
they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On October 18, 2022, we
consummated our Initial Public Offering of 6,000,000 Units, at a price to the public of 10.00 per Unit, resulting in total gross proceeds
of 60,000,000. On October 18, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor partially consummated
the Private Placement by subscribing to 238,500 units instead of the full Initial Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds
of approximately 2,385,000 instead of the full 3,400,000, part of the proceeds of which were placed in the Trust Account. The Trust
Account was nonetheless fully-funded. On November 30, 2022, the Company received an additional remittance of 515,000 underlying the
Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement and on December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding balance on the Promissory
Note of 500,000 towards the remaining stock subscription balance, which fully funded the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement
Units. 

On October 21, 2022, we closed
the sale of 845,300 Over-allotment Units at 10.00 per unit as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their Over-allotment
Option in connection with the previously announced Initial Public Offering pursuant to the underwriting agreement by and between us and
Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022. Each Over-allotment Unit consists of one share of Common Stock of the Company, par
value 0.0001 per share and one Right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial
Business Combination. Such Over-allotment Units were registered pursuant to our registration statement. As a result of the Overallotment
Offering, we received gross proceeds of 8,453,000 (before deducting certain underwriting discount and fees), part of which was placed
in the Trust Account. On October 21, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Overallotment Offering, we completed the Overallotment
Private Placement of additional 31,500 units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022 by and between us
and our Sponsor, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of 10.00
per Overallotment Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 315,000, a portion of which was placed in the Trust Account. 

26 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 590,801. Net income and interest earned on marketable
securities held in the trust account of 508,162. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 48,151 of cash from operating activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 156,647. Net loss of 20,758 was impacted by expenses paid
on behalf of the Company by related parties of 122,645 offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 258,534. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash held in the trust account of 69,987,957. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held
in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our Initial Business Combination.
We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to
complete our Initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 138,917 of cash held outside of the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account
primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from
the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an Initial Business Combination. 

In
order to fund finance transaction costs in connection with an Initial Business Combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an Initial Business
Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that an Initial Business
Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but
no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

If
our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an Initial Business Combination
are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Initial
Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Initial Business Combination or because
we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our Initial Business Combination, in which
case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Initial Business Combination. Subject to compliance with
applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Initial Business Combination.
If we are unable to complete our Initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our Initial Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

Going Concern 

In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until April
18, 2024, assuming the monthly extension requirements are satisfied, to consummate a Business Combination. We are able to extend the date
by which we must consummate an Initial Business Combination beyond July 18, 2023 up to nine times for an additional one month each time
to April 18, 2024 upon the deposit into the Trust Account of 80,000 each calendar month. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate
a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated within the Combination Period, there will be a mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution. We have determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination
not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We intend to
complete a Business Combination prior to the end of the Combination Period. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets
or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after the end of the Combination Period. 

27 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
to pay the sponsor a monthly fee of 20,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support provided to the Company.
We began incurring these fees on October 14, 2022 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the consummation
of an Initial Business Combination or our liquidation. 

As of December 31,
2022, we had recorded deferred underwriting commissions and representative shares of 2,723,060 payable only upon completion of our
Initial Business Combination, which consisted of commissions payable in cash of 2,395,855 and representative shares issued in
connection with the Initial Public Offering. We agreed to issue to the underwriter at the closing of the Initial Public Offering
136,906 representative shares Representative Shares ), due to the partial exercise of the over-allotment, which will
be issued upon the completion of our Initial Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting
Estimates 

The preparation of the financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this annual report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure controls and
procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, namely
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the identification of material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting as described below. A material weakness, as defined in the SEC regulations, is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In light of these material
weaknesses, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management plans to remediate
the material weaknesses by enhancing our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements and by increasing
communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding accounting applications. The elements of
our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and these initiatives may not ultimately have the intended effects. 

28 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for us. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria specified
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on our assessment, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that,
as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. We identified the following
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

1. delinquent filings with the
SEC including Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2023, and Form 10-Q for the period
ended June 30, 2023; 

2. complex accounting, specifically
the accounting for representative shares and the Unit Purchase Option; and 

3. the timely forfeiture of founder
shares upon the over-allotment in connection with the Initial Public Offering. 

A material weakness is
a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

This annual report does
not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. As an emerging growth company, management s report is not subject to attestation by our independent registered
public accounting firm. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than the material
weaknesses described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers and Directors 

As
of the date of this annual report, our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Jiang Hui 
 33 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Hon Man Yun 
 52 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Pengfei Xie 
 52 
 Senior Advisor 
 
 Rodobaldo Duartes 
 53 
 Independent Director 
 
 Chiang Hsien 
 60 
 Independent Director 
 
 Lixin Wu 
 57 
 Independent Director 

Jiang Hui , our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board,
is a seasoned financial professional with deep experiences in banking and securities business. He is the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Wave Sync Corp. (OTCQB WAYS since 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Hui held various positions at the New York
and London offices of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), China s largest financial institution; including Vice President
of ICBC s New York Branch, Vice President of ICBC (London) PLC, and Chief Compliance Officer of the Investment Advisory business
at ICBC Financial Services, LLC, a SEC-registered Broker-Dealer. Mr. Hui received his Bachelor of Law and Master of Finance
from Tsinghua University and Peking University in China, and received his second Master s degree in Securities and Financial Regulation
from Georgetown University Law Center. 

29 

Hon Man Yun , our Chief Financial Officer, also serves as the
Chief Financial Officer and director for Wave Sync Corp. (OTCQB WAYS since February 2021. Mr. Yun has extensive experiences
as an auditor, independent director, and member of the audit committees of public companies. Mr. Yun has worked as the Chief Financial
Officer of Kiwa Bio-tech Products Group Corporate since April 2018 and served as the CFO and a director at Hudson Capital Inc. since
August 2020 until February 2022. Mr. Yun served as joint company secretary, as a group vice president, the chief accountant and compliance
and internal audit officer for Kaisun Energy Group Limited, from May 2017 to August 2020. Mr. Yun earned a higher diploma in Business
Studies from the City University of Hong Kong, formerly City Polytechnic of Hong Kong, and a Master of Business Administration
from the University of Western Sydney. 

Pengfei Xie , our senior advisor, also serves as a member of
the MIT Sloan School Executive Board (Americas) and a Board member for the Peking University Education Foundation (USA). Mr. Xie,
over the past twenty years, has gained extensive experience in financial market analysis and investment advisory services. Mr. Xie
started his career as a Fixed Income Analyst at a New York based hedge fund in 1997. Later in 1999, he joined General Motors Asset
Management Corp. as an Analyst and was later promoted to the Fund Manager position with the responsibility of overseeing and managing
the company s Global Portable Alpha Fund and the Multi-Sector Bond Fund. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Xie served as Senior Analyst
focusing on Credit and Fixed Income strategies and later as the Head of Relative Value and a member of the Investment Committee of EIM
Management (USA). In April 2009, Mr. Xie became the Managing Director of Investments of EIM and later in 2012 joined the Advisory
Board of EIM. Since August 2012 till now, Mr. Xie has been serving as the Managing Member and Chief Investment Officer of PX
Global Advisors, LLC, an investment advisory firm founded by him. Mr. Xie s representative investment portfolio includes Elroy
Air Inc., Peloton Interactive, Inc., and Afterpay Limited. Mr. Xie holds a Master of Business Administration degree from the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology and a Bachelor of Science from Peking University. 

Rodobaldo Rolo Duartes , our independent director,
is the founder and managing partner of DoubleDay Engineering, LLC DoubleDay ), an engineering development firm specializing
in infrastructure development, commercial real-estate investment, and federal contracting. Mr. Duartes is a Registered Professional
Engineer (P.E.), with over 25 years of experience in construction, development, forensics engineering and management. Prior to founding
DoubleDay, Mr. Duartes was an Executive Vice President of Sales for Univision Communications, a leading Hispanic media company in
the U.S., where he oversaw 65 sales executives and over 600 million in Madison Avenue agency business. He was an M A investment
banker at Bear Stearns from 1999 to 2002. Mr. Duartes earned a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Florida, an
M.B.A. from Columbia Business School, and an M.P.A. from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. 

Chiang Hsien , our independent director, has over 30 years
of experience in investment and asset management. Since 2020, Mr. Hsien has been working as an independent consultant for various
corporations on a part-time basis. From 2016 to 2019, he was an advisor to the Chairman of the Pacific Millennium Group, a leading
packaging supplier in China. From 2013 to 2016, Mr. Hsien was a Partner and Chief Representative in Asia for Lingohr Partner
Asset Management, a German asset management company. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Hsien was Chief Representative and Director of Allianz
Global Investors Hong Kong Ltd., and CEO of the Shanghai Representative Office. Allianz Global Investors is a global asset management
company and a subsidiary of Allianz SE. From 2003 to 2008, Mr. Hsien was Chief Executive Officer and Director of Guotai Junan-Allianz Asset
Management, which is one of the first joint-venture mutual fund management companies established in China. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Hsien
was Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Dresdner Securities Investment Trust Enterprise Taiwan (now Allianz Asset Management
Taiwan). Mr. Hsien has a Bachelor of Arts Degree from University of International Relations Beijing (China), an MBA degree from the
Christian Albrecht University of Kiel in Germany and attended Executive Programs at INSEAD and at Harvard University. 

Lixin Wu , our independent director, is an investment manager
with over 15 years of experiences in real estate, automotive trading and financing firms. He is the President of Bauing Group USA
Ltd., the U.S. subsidiary of Bauing Group (SZ.2047) since 2016, a Chinese leading integrated design enterprise. Mr. Wu is also the
Managing Director of CASB Ventures LLC since 2000. CASB LLC is an angel investment fund focusing on high tech companies. Mr. Wu earned
a Bachelor of Science in Physics from Peking University in China and a Master of Science in Physics from Worcester Polytechnic Institute
in Massachusetts, U.S. 

30 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We have five directors on the Board of Directors. In accordance with
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one full year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on Nasdaq. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the
discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons
to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the
Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such
other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors will have two standing committees: an audit
committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, NASDAQ rules and Rule 10A-3 of
the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and NASDAQ rules require
that the compensation committee of a listed company each be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of our board of directors. Messrs.
Duartes, Hsien and Wu serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Lixin Wu is the chair of the audit committee. 

Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required
to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Duartes, Hsien and Wu meets the
independent director standard under NASDAQ listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our
board of directors has determined that Mr. Lixin Wu qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in
applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which provides the principal
functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and
oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services
to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees
of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations; 

31 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from
the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal
quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer
review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years
respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships
between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s
independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required
to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public
accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with
regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial
statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors.
Messrs. Duartes and Hsien serve as members of our compensation committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we
are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Duartes and Hsien are
independent and Mr. Rodobaldo Duartes chairs the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the
principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate
goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive
Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief
Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation,
if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies
and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation
equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments
and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation
to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration for directors. 

32 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment
to our sponsor or its affiliate of 20,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, reimbursement
of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders,
officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation
of an Initial Business Combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an Initial Business Combination, the compensation
committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection
with such Initial Business Combination. The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain
or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment,
compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant,
external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including
the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

We have established a nominating and corporate governance committee
of our board of directors. Messrs. Duartes and Hsien serve as members of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Messrs. Duartes
and Hsien are independent under the Nasdaq rules and Mr. Hsien chairs the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating
Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements
in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and
experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds
to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense
of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. 

The nominating and corporate governance committee will consider a number
of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating and corporate governance committee may require certain skills or attributes,
such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall
experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The board of directors will also consider director
candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election
at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate
a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. The nominating and corporate governance committee
does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served,
as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers
and employees. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov .
In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to
or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

None
of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or
any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

33 

After
the completion of our Initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the
post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid
to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

The
existence or terms of any employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our Initial Business
Combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements
with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of September 27, 2023, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 4,500,156 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 2,417,331 shares of our redeemable
common stock, and (ii) 2,082,825 shares of our non-redeemable common stock, issued and outstanding as of September 27, 2023. Voting power
represents the combined voting power of shares of redeemable common stock and non-redeemable common stock owned beneficially by such person.
On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the shares of redeemable common stock and shares of non-redeemable common stock vote together
as a single class. Currently, all of the shares of non-redeemable common stock are convertible into redeemable common stock on a one-for-one
basis. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Jiang Hui 

Hon Man Yun 

Rodobaldo Duartes 

Chiang Hsien 

Lixin Wu 

All executive officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 

Hudson SPAC Holding, LLC 
 2,082,825 
 46.28 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is c/o Hudson Acquisition I Corp., 19 West 44 th Street, Suite 1001, New York,
New York 10036. 

(2) Interests shown consist of founder shares and Private Placement
Units. 

(3) Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Mr. Pengfei
Xie, our senior advisor, is the General Partner of the sole member of our sponsor, and as such, has voting and investment discretion
with respect to the common stock held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the common stock
held directly by our sponsor. None of our officers and directors (or trusts for the benefit of their family members) holds any direct
or indirect interest in our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent
of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

Registration Rights 

The
holders of the (i) the Founder Shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and
(ii) Private Placement Units, which were sold simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, are entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The
holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that the Company register such securities. The holders
of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the
date on which the Founder Shares are to be released from escrow. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of our Initial Business Combination. 

34 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On March 18, 2021, the Sponsor
was issued 2,875,000 shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate price of 25,000.
On January 24, 2022, the Founder Shares were reduced to 1,725,000 by way of the share surrender agreement. In connection with the partial
exercise of the over-allotment option, 13,675 Founder Shares were forfeited. The remaining Founder Shares represent 20 of the outstanding
shares after the Initial Public Offering (see Note 4). 

The Founder Shares are identical
to the shares of common stock included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Founder Shares are subject to
certain transfer restrictions. 

Holders of record of shares
of the common stock and holders of Founder Shares will vote together on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, with each
share of common stock entitling the holder to one vote except as required by law. 

On April 5, 2021, as further
amended on April 28, 2021, September 8, 2022, and July 20, 2023, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Sponsor for principal
amount up to 800,000. The promissory note is non-interest bearing and matures on the earlier of: (i) the date of the consummation of
the Company s Initial Business Combination and (ii) June 30, 2023. The principal amount was increased to 1,000,000 under the September
8, 2022 amendment. The note was further amended on July 20, 2023 to mature on the earlier of: (i) the date of the consummation of the
Company s Initial Business Combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be repaid
at any time. A maximum of 1,000,000 of such loans may be converted into Units, at the price of 10.00 per Unit at the option of the lender.
On December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding promissory note balance of 500,000 to the remaining stock subscription receivable,
which fully-funded the Trust Account in connection with the Private Placement (see Note 4). 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she
has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. All of our officers and directors currently have certain relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Commencing on October 14,
2022, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor or its affiliate a total of 20,000 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial
and administrative support. Upon completion of our Initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 50,000 on administrative support fees. 

35 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors
or our or any of their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap
or ceiling on the reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

After
our Initial Business Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from
the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer
or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be
known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our Initial
Business Combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

Director Independence 

NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Duartes, Hsien and Wu are independent directors as defined
in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

36 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
firm of Marcum, LLP Marcum acted as our independent registered public accounting firm. On July 21, 2023, the Company chose
to terminate the engagement with Marcum and the Board subsequently approved the engagement of UHY LLP UHY to serve as
the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and for the period
January 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum and UHY for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period January 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees were
approximately 20,600 and 198,790, respectively, for the services UHY and Marcum performed in connection with the review of the financial
information included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the respective periods and the audit of our December 31, 2022 and
2021 financial statements included in this annual report. 

Audit-Related
Fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period January 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, Marcum
or UHY did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax
Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period January 13, 2021 through December 31, 2021, Marcum or UHY did not
render tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services. 

All
Other Fees . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period January 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, Marcum
or UHY did not render any services to us other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed in connection with the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result,
the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit
committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit
committee has and will pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including
the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act
which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

37 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS,
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this annual
report on Form 10-K. 

(1) 
 Financial Statements. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits. 

We
hereby file as part of this annual report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by
reference can be located on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K
SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 4.1 
 
 Hudson Acquisition I Corp. Description of Securities 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith. This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the
Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jiang Hui 

Jiang Hui 

Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Hon Man Yun 

Hon Man Yun 

Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

39 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (Firm ID: F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 13, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 13, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from January 13, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Hudson Acquisition I Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Hudson Acquisition I Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
(deficit) equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 13, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from January 13, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no
revenue, its business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing transaction and the Company s cash and working capital
are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events
and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect
to that matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. , New York September 27, 2023 

F- 2 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs 
 -

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Related party payables 

Note payable - related party 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions and representative shares 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share as of December 31, 2022 
 
 -

Stockholders (deficit) equity: 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders (deficit) equity 

Total liabilities, redeemable common stock and stockholders equity 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of these audited financial statements. 

F- 3 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 
 For the Period from January 13, 2021 (Inception) through 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Other income 
 
 -

Income (Loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 -

Net loss 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted, redeemable shares subject to redemption

- 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, redeemable shares subject to redemption

- 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted, non-redeemable shares (1)

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, non-redeemable shares 

(1) 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of these audited financial statements. 

F- 4 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) Equity 

Balance, January 1, 2022 

Sale of common stock and over-allotment 

-

Common stock subject to redemption 

-

Sale of shares to Sponsor in Private Placement 

-

Offering costs 
 - 
 -

Issuance of representative shares 
 - 
 -

Sale of Unit Purchase Option to underwriter 
 - 
 -

-

Underwriters compensation 
 - 
 -

-

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 
 - 
 -

-

Forfeiture of founder shares 

-

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

-

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Stock Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, January 13, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of founders shares 

-
 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of founders shares 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

-

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of these audited financial statements. 

F- 5 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 
 For the Period from January 13, 2021 (Inception) through 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Expenses paid on behalf of the Company by related parties 
 -

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs 
 -

Related party payables 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 -

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 
 
 -

Proceeds from over-allotment 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units related to over-allotment 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of Unit Purchase Option 
 
 -

Proceeds from notes payable - related party 

Issuance of common stock to founders for cash 
 -

Payment of offering costs 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

Cash - Beginning of period 
 
 -

Cash - End of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting fees, including representative shares 
 
 -

Issuance of founder shares for stock subscriptions receivable 
 -

Issuance of founder shares from increase in advances 
 -

Deferred offering costs in related party payables 
 -

Accretion of common stock subject to redemption 
 
 -

Forfeiture of founder shares 
 
 -

Notes payable related party applied towards Private Placement 
 
 - 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of these audited financial statements. 

F- 6 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units at a price to the public of 
per Unit, resulting in total gross proceeds of (before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses). Each
Unit consists of share of common stock of the Company, par value per share Common Stock and one right to receive
one-fifth (1/5) of a share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination Right ). 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company s Sponsor should have purchased a total of units (the Initial Private Placement Units at a price of per the Initial Private Placement Unit (the Private Placement ). However, on October 18, 2022, simultaneously
with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor partially consummated the Private Placement by subscribing to 
units (the Purchased Private Placement Units instead of the full Initial Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds
of approximately instead of the full , part of the proceeds of which were placed in the Trust Account. The Trust
Account was nonetheless fully-funded. On November 30, 2022, the Company received an additional remittance of underlying the Sponsor s
purchase of the Private Placement Units and on December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of
 towards the remaining stock subscription balance, which fully funded the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units.
No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the Private Placement. The Purchased Private Placement Units are identical
to the Units, except that (a) the Purchased Private Placement Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable
or saleable until 30 days after the consummation of the Company s Initial Business Combination except to permitted transferees and
(b) the shares and rights included as a component of the Purchased Private Placement Units, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or
its permitted transferees, will be entitled to registration rights, respectively. If we do not complete our Initial Business Combination
before the mandatory liquidation date, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used
to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the rights included as part of the Private
Placement Units will expire worthless. 

On October 21, 2022, the Company closed the sale of units (the
 OA Units at per unit as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option (the
 Overallotment Offering in connection with the previously announced Initial Public Offering pursuant to the underwriting
agreement by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022. Each OA Unit consists of one share of Common
Stock of the Company, par value per share and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of the Common Stock upon the consummation
of an Initial Business Combination (the Right ). Such OA Units were registered pursuant to the Company s registration
statement. As a result of the Overallotment Offering, the Company received gross proceeds of (before deducting certain underwriting
discount and fees), part of which was placed in the Trust Account. On October 21, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Overallotment
Offering, the Company completed the private placement of additional units (the Overallotment Private Placement Units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022 by and between the Company and the Sponsor, in connection with
the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Overallotment Private Placement
Unit, generating gross proceeds of , a portion of which was placed in the Trust Account. 

F- 7 

was placed in a Trust Account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, as trustee. The funds held in the Trust Account were invested only in United States government Treasury bills, bonds
or notes having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act and that invest solely in U.S. treasuries, so that the Company is not deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to
the Company to pay for income or other tax obligations, the remaining proceeds will not be released from the Trust Account until the earlier
of the completion of an Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be
used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which the Company will complete the Initial Business Combination to
the extent not used to pay redeeming stockholders. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be
used to finance operations of the target business. 

No compensation of any kind (including finder s,
consulting or other similar fees) will be paid to any of the Company s existing officers, directors, stockholders, or any of their
affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of the Initial Business Combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
them in connection with activities on the Company s behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business
due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. Since the role of present management after our Initial Business
Combination is uncertain, the Company has no ability to determine what remuneration, if any, will be paid to those persons after the Initial
Business Combination. 

The Company intends to use the excess working
capital available for miscellaneous expenses such as paying fees to consultants to assist with the search for a target business and for
director and officer liability insurance premiums, with the balance being held in reserve in the event due diligence, legal, accounting
and other expenses of structuring and negotiating business combinations exceed estimates, as well as for reimbursement of any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by insiders, officers and directors in connection with activities on the Company s behalf as described below. 

The allocation of the net proceeds available to
the Company outside of the Trust Account, along with the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account available to pay for income
and other tax liabilities, represents the best estimate of the intended uses of these funds. In the event that the assumptions prove to
be inaccurate, the Company may reallocate some of such proceeds within the above-described categories. If the estimate of the costs of
undertaking due diligence and negotiating the Initial Business Combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount
of interest available to the Company from the Trust Account is insufficient as a result of the volatile interest rate environment, the
Company may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. In this
event, the Company could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or third parties. The Sponsor
has agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate of to be used for working capital purposes pursuant to a Promissory
Note. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any borrowings under the Promissory Note (see Note 4). These loans are non-interest
bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of the closing of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s mandatory liquidation.
The loan may be repaid at any time out of the Initial Public Offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account. Up to of such
loans may be convertible into additional private units, at a price of per share at the option of the lender. If we are unable
to obtain the necessary funds, we may be forced to cease searching for a target business and liquidate without completing our Initial
Business Combination. 

The Company will likely use substantially all
of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including the funds held in the Trust Account, in connection with the Initial Business
Combination and to pay expenses relating thereto, including the deferred underwriting discounts payable to the underwriters. To the extent
that the Company s capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect the Initial Business Combination, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account which are not used to consummate an Initial Business Combination will be disbursed to the combined company and
will, along with any other net proceeds not expended, be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such
working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for
strategic acquisitions. 

To the extent that the Company is unable to consummate
an Initial Business Combination, the Company will pay the costs of liquidation from the remaining assets outside of the Trust Account.
If such funds are insufficient, the Sponsor has agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation and has agreed not to seek
repayment of such expenses. 

F- 8 

excise tax on the repurchase of corporate stock (the Excise Tax by a publicly traded U.S. corporation following
December 31, 2022. For purposes of the Excise Tax, a repurchase will generally include redemptions, corporate buy-backs and other transactions
in which the corporation acquires its stock from a shareholder in exchange for cash or property, subject to exceptions for de minimis
transactions and certain reorganizations. As a result, subject to certain rules, the Excise Tax will apply to any redemption by a U.S.-domiciled
special purpose acquisition company SPAC taking place after December 31, 2022, including redemptions (i) by shareholders
in connection with the SPAC s Initial Business Combination or a proxy vote to extend the lifespan of the SPAC, (ii) by SPACs if
the SPAC does not complete a de-SPAC transaction within the required time set forth in its constituent documents, or (iii) in connection
with the wind-up and liquidation of the SPAC. The financial responsibility for such Excise Tax resides with the Company and the Sponsor.
This amount of has not been included in these financial statements. 

If no business combination is completed prior
to the mandatory liquidation date, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be
used to fund the redemption of the public shares. The Sponsor, directors, director nominees and officers will enter into a letter agreement
with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within such time period. 

In connection with the shares purchased by the
founders, the founders waive any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any distributions by the Company from the
Trust Account which will be established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders and into which substantially all of
the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering will be deposited (the Trust Account ), in the event of a liquidation of the
Company upon the Company s failure to timely complete an Initial Business Combination. 

Emerging Growth Company 

The Company is an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ),
and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to
opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election
to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard
is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the
Company s unaudited financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an
emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences
in accounting standards used. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia-Ukraine war on the economy and the capital markets and has concluded that, while it is reasonably possible
that such events could have negative effects on the Company s financial position and outlook for an Initial Business Combination,
the specific impacts are not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

The current challenging economic climate may lead
to adverse changes in cash flows, working capital levels and/or debt balances, which may also have a direct impact on the Company s
future operating results and financial position after any such Initial Business Combination in the future. The ultimate duration and magnitude
of the impact and the efficacy of government interventions on the economy and the financial effect on the Company is not known at this
time. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and not in the Company s control. 

F- 9 

in its operating bank account and working capital of , which excludes franchise tax payable and income tax payable. The Company
may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or its stockholders, officers, directors, or third
parties. The Company s officers and directors and the Sponsor may but are not obligated to (except as described above), loan the
Company funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working
capital needs. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from the Sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors to meet its needs through the earlier of the
consummation of a Business Combination or at least one year from the date that the financial statements were issued. 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until April 18, 2024, assuming
the monthly extension requirements are satisfied, to consummate a Business Combination. The Company is able to extend the date by which
an Initial Business Combination must be consummated beyond July 18, 2023 up to nine times for an additional one month each time to April
18, 2024 upon the deposit into the Trust Account of each calendar month. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate
a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated within the Combination Period, there will be a mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation,
should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management intends to complete a Business Combination prior to the end of the Combination Period. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the end of the Combination
Period. 

from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Placement Units was placed in the Trust Account and invested only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in
direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur
of: (i) the completion of the Initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection
with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or
timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete the Initial Business Combination
within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-Initial Business
Combination activity; or (iii) absent an Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the return of the funds held in the
Trust Account to the public stockholders as part of redemption of the public shares. 

F- 10 

were recognized. The amount was consisted of of underwriting
commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, of other offering costs, of representative
shares, of unit purchase option offset by proceeds. All of the offering costs was charged to stockholders equity upon
consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin SAB Topic 5A Expenses of Offering . The Company allocates offering costs between public
shares and public rights based on the estimated fair values of them at the date of issuance. Accordingly, was allocated to
public shares and was charged to temporary equity, and was allocated to public rights and was charged to shareholders 
equity. 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Rights at issuance 

Common stock issuance costs 

Fair value of Public Shares 

Add: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to redemption upon Initial Public Offering and Overallotment Offering 

Add: 

Subsequent accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

F- 11 

redeemable shares of common stock for which the outstanding Public Rights are exercisable were excluded
from diluted losses per share for the period ended December 31, 2022 because they are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies
have not yet been met. 

Accretion of interest earned on Trust Account 

Accretion of temporary equity to
 redemption value after deduction of tax expenses 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 
 () 

Accretion of interest earned on Trust Account 

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Allocation of net loss 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding
 
 - 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock
 
 - 

F- 12 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not experienced losses on this account and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

-
 
 -

F- 13 

Units at a price to the public of per Unit, resulting in total gross proceeds of 
(before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses). Each Unit consists of one share of Common Stock of the Company,
par value per share and one Right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of a share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial
Business Combination. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company s sponsor, Hudson SPAC Holding LLC (the Sponsor should have purchased a total of 
units (the Initial Private Placement Units at a price of per the Initial Private Placement Unit (the Private
Placement ). However, on October 18, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor partially
consummated the Private Placement by subscribing to units (the Purchased Private Placement Units instead of the
full Initial Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of approximately instead of the full , part of the
proceeds of which were placed in the Trust Account. The Trust Account was nonetheless fully-funded. On November 30, 2022, the Company
received an additional remittance of underlying the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units, reducing the balance
to . Additionally, on December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of towards
the remaining stock subscription balance, which fully funded the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units. No underwriting
discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the Private Placement. The Purchased Private Placement Units are identical to the Units,
except that (a) the Purchased Private Placement Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or saleable
until 30 days after the consummation of the Company s Initial Business Combination except to permitted transferees and (b) the shares
and rights included as a component of the Purchased Private Placement Units, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees, will be entitled to registration rights, respectively. If we do not complete our Initial Business Combination before the
mandatory liquidation date, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the
redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the rights included as part of the Private Placement
Units will expire worthless. 

On October 21, 2022, the Company closed the sale
of units (the OA Units at per unit as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment
option (the Overallotment Offering in connection with the previously announced Initial Public Offering pursuant to the
underwriting agreement by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022. Each OA Unit consists of one
share of Common Stock of the Company, par value per share and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of the Common
Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination (the Right ). Such OA Units were registered pursuant to the
Company s registration statement. As a result of the Overallotment Offering, the Company received gross proceeds of (before
deducting certain underwriting discount and fees), part of which was placed in the Trust Account. On October 21, 2022, simultaneously
with the consummation of the Overallotment Offering, the Company completed the private placement of additional units (the Overallotment
Private Placement Units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022 by and between the Company and
the Sponsor, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per
Overallotment Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of , a portion of which was placed in the Trust Account. 

F- 14 

was placed in a Trust Account in the United States maintained by Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, as trustee. The funds held in the Trust Account were invested only in United States government Treasury bills, bonds
or notes having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act and that invest solely in U.S. treasuries, so that the Company is not deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to
the Company to pay for income or other tax obligations, the remaining proceeds will not be released from the Trust Account until the earlier
of the completion of an Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be
used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which the Company will complete the Initial Business Combination to
the extent not used to pay redeeming stockholders. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be
used to finance operations of the target business. 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate price of and was subsequently reduced
by way of the share surrender agreement on January 24, 2022 to . In connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option, Founder Shares were forfeited. The remaining Founder Shares represent of the outstanding shares after the Initial Public
Offering. 

The Founder Shares are identical to the shares
of common stock included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer
restrictions. 

Holders of record of shares of the common stock
and holders of Founder Shares will vote together on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, with each share of common stock
entitling the holder to one vote except as required by law. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the
Sponsor should have purchased a total of units (the Initial Private Placement Units at a price of per the
Initial Private Placement Unit (the Private Placement ). However, on October 18, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor partially consummated the Private Placement by subscribing to units instead of the
full Initial Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of approximately instead of the full , part of the
proceeds of which were placed in the Trust Account. The Trust Account was nonetheless fully-funded. On November 30, 2022, the Company
received an additional remittance of underlying the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units, reducing the balance
to . Additionally, on December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of towards
the remaining stock subscription balance, which fully funded the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units. No underwriting
discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the Private Placement. The Purchased Private Placement Units are identical to the Units,
except that (a) the Purchased Private Placement Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or saleable
until 30 days after the consummation of the Company s Initial Business Combination except to permitted transferees and (b) the shares
and rights included as a component of the Purchased Private Placement Units, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees, will be entitled to registration rights, respectively. If the Company does not complete the Initial Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund
the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the rights included as part of the Private Placement
Units will expire worthless. 

Related Party Payables 

The Company s founders have paid expenses
on behalf of the Company totaling from inception through December 31, 2022. A total of remains payable as of December
31, 2022. The payables bear no interest and have no specified repayment terms. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On April 5, 2021, as further amended on April 28, 2021, September 8,
2022, and July 20, 2023, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Sponsor for principal amount up to . The promissory
note is non-interest bearing and matures on the earlier of: (i) the date of the consummation of the Company s Initial Business Combination
and (ii) June 30, 2023. The principal amount was increased to under the September 8, 2022 amendment. The note was further amended
on July 20, 2023 to mature on the earlier of: (i) the date of the consummation of the Company s Initial Business Combination and
(ii) the date of liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be repaid at any time. A maximum of of such loans may
be converted into Units, or one share of common stock and a right to receive one-fifth of a share of common stock at the price of 
per Unit at the option of the lender. 

On May 6, 2021, the Company made a drawdown of
 on the promissory note. On April 15 and August 19, 2022, the Company made additional drawdowns of and on the
promissory note, respectively. 

On December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding
balance on the Promissory Note of towards the payments for Private Placement Units. As a result, the balances for promissory
note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are 0 and respectively. 

F- 15 

per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative
support. Upon completion of our Initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred on administrative support fees. 

per Unit, or and were paid offering expenses of upon closing of the Initial Public Offering including
the overallotment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded deferred underwriting commissions of payable only upon
completion of the Initial Business Combination, which consisted of commissions and representative shares issuable in connection with the
Initial Public Offering. The Company agreed to issue to the underwriter at the closing of the Initial Public Offering up to representative
shares Representative Shares ), due to the partial exercise of the over-allotment, which will be issued upon the completion
of the Initial Business Combination. The representative shares had an initial fair value of . 

Excise Tax 

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 imposes a
1 Excise Tax on the repurchase of corporate stock by a publicly traded U.S. corporation following December 31, 2022. For purposes of
the Excise Tax, a repurchase will generally include redemptions, corporate buybacks and other transactions in which the corporation acquires
its stock from a shareholder in exchange for cash or property, subject to exceptions for de minimis transactions and certain reorganizations. 

As a result, subject to certain rules, the Excise
Tax will apply to any redemption by a U.S.-domiciled SPAC taking place after December 31, 2022, including redemptions (i) by shareholders
in connection with the SPAC s Initial Business Combination or a proxy vote to extend the lifespan of the SPAC, (ii) by SPACs if
the SPAC does not complete a de-SPAC transaction within the required time set forth in its constituent documents, or (iii) in connection
with the wind-up and liquidation of the SPAC. The financial responsibility for such Excise Tax resides with the Company and the Sponsor.
This amount of has not been included in this financial statement. 

Unit Purchase Option 

At
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold to the underwriter, for an aggregate of , an option (the UPO to purchase Units, including over-allotment. The over-allotment option was not exercised in full on October 21, 2022, therefore,
the UPO was reduced pro-rata to Units. The UPO will be exercisable at any time, in whole or in part, between the close of the business
combination and fifth anniversary of the date of the Initial Public Offering at a price per Unit equal to (or of the public
unit offering price). The Company accounts for the Unit Purchase Option, inclusive of the
receipt of cash payment, as an expense of the Initial Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders 
(deficit) equity. The Unit Purchase Option and such units purchased pursuant to the Unit Purchase Option, as well as the common stock
underlying such units, the rights included in such units, the shares of common stock that are issuable for the rights included in such
units, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). The
Unit Purchase Option grants to holders demand and piggy back rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively,
from the effective date of the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities
directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the Unit Purchase Option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering
the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of
units issuable upon exercise of the Unit Purchase Option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend,
or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances
of common stock at a price below its exercise price. 

F- 16 

per share, which the Company is authorized to issue is shares of common stock. Except as otherwise required
by law, the holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Company. 

Founder s Shares 

At inception, January 13, 2021, the Company issued
 Founder Shares of common stock for total receivable of approximately of . These Founder Shares included up to 
shares of which were subject to forfeiture by the stockholder if the underwriters did not fully exercise their over-allotment option. 

On May 11, 2021, the Company received the payment
of related to the stock subscriptions receivable from the Sponsor. 

On January 24, 2022, pursuant to the share surrender
agreement, the aggregate number of Founder Shares were reduced to . All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect the share surrender. In connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, Founder Shares were forfeited.
The remaining Founder Shares represent of the outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. 

Initial Public Offering 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor should have purchased a total of Initial Private Placement Units at a price of per Unit. However,
on October 18, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor partially consummated the Private
Placement by subscribing to Units Purchased Private Placement Units instead of the full Initial Private Placement
Units, generating gross proceeds of approximately instead of the full . The Trust Account was nonetheless fully-funded
and the Company received payment for the additional Units as of December 31, 2022. On November 30, 2022, the Company received an additional
remittance of underlying the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units, reducing the balance to . Additionally,
on December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of towards the remaining stock subscription
balance, which fully funded the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units. 

On October 21, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation
of the Overallotment Offering, the Company completed the private placement of additional units (the Overallotment Private
Placement Units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022 by and between the Company and the Sponsor,
in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Overallotment
Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of , a portion of which was placed in the Trust Account. 

Rights 

We will not issue fractional
shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise
addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result, holders of Rights must hold
such Rights in multiples of 5 in order to receive shares for all of the holder s rights upon closing of an Initial Business Combination.
If we are unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within the required time period and we redeem the public shares for the funds
held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire worthless. 

F- 17 

Valuation
 allowance 

Deferred
 tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company had a total of and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to
offset future taxable income. 

In assessing
the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
during the period in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the
scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future
realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was and , respectively. 

F- 18 

State income tax rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The Company
files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by
the various taxing authorities. 

F- 19 

3 
 
 Unit Purchase Option 
 
 3 

The fair
value of the Representative Shares was estimated at October 18, 2022 to be based on the fair value per common share as of October
18, 2022 multiplied by the probability of the Initial Business Combination. The fair value of the UPO was estimated at October 18, 2022
to be using a Black-Scholes Option Model. 

Expected term (years) 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 

Exercise price 

Stock Price 

Transfers
to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs.
There were no transfers to or from the various Levels during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

for each calendar month and (ii) eliminate the limitation that the Company may not redeem public shares to the extent that
such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 of less than . 

F- 20 

shares of common stock outstanding
and entitled to be voted at the Special Meeting, approximately of which were represented in person or by proxy at the Special Meeting.
The stockholders approved the proposal to amend the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to give the Company the option to extend
the date by which the Company must effect a Business Combination beyond July 18, 2023 up to nine (9) times for an additional (1) month
each time to April 18, 2024 upon the deposit into the Trust Account of for each calendar month. This amendment increased the time the Company has to consummate an Initial Business Combination from the original maximum amount of 15
months to 18 months from the Initial Public Offering date. In connection with the votes to
approve the proposals above, the holders of shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to
redeem their shares for approximately per share, leaving approximately million in the Trust Account. 

In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment
Proposal, on July 18, 2023, the Sponsor entered into a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note issued by the Company in favor
of the Sponsor (the Extension Note ), providing for loans up to the aggregate principal amount of . On July 18, 2023,
pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment, the Sponsor deposited
 into the Trust Account to extend the date by which the Company must effect an Initial Business Combination by one month to August
18, 2023. On September 29, 2023, the Company plans on depositing into the Trust Account to extend the date by which the Company
must effect an Initial Business Combination to October 18, 2023. The Sponsor will deposit into the Trust Account each month the
Company determines to extend the date by which it must consummate an Initial Business Combination. If the Company elects to extend such
date until April 18, 2024, an aggregate deposit of of the proceeds of the Extension Note will be made into the Trust Account.
The Extension Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the Extension Note will be due and payable in full upon the earlier
of (i) the date of the consummation of the Company s Initial Business Combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company.
On July 21, 2023, the Company made a draw of for extension payment purposes. 

On July 20, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor
amended and restated the promissory note, dated as of April 5, 2021, providing for loans up to in the aggregate. The promissory
note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the promissory note will be due and payable in full upon the earlier of (i) the
date of the consummation of the Company s Initial Business Combination and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. At the
election of the Sponsor, up to million of the loans under the promissory note may be settled in private units, with each private
unit comprised of one share of common stock of the Company and one right to one-fifth of a share of the Company s common stock.
On July 21, 2023, the Company made a draw of for working capital purposes. 

On July 21, 2023, the Company withdrew 
of interest earned on Trust Account to pay for its tax obligations. 

Through the date of this report, the Company recorded
approximately in related party payables for payments made by the Sponsor related to the Company s annual Nasdaq fee and
for professional services. 

On August 21, 2023, the Company received an additional
notification letter from the Nasdaq Staff, indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Listing Rules due to the delayed filing
of its Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2023 with the SEC. The notification had no immediate effect on the Company s continued
listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to the Company s compliance with the other continued listing requirements. On September
6, 2023, the Company responded to Nasdaq informing the Staff the June 30, 2023 Form 10-Q will be submitted as soon as practicable. 

F-21 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_hudsonacq1.htm
 HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following summary of the
material terms of the securities of Hudson Acquisition I Corp., a Delaware corporation we, us, our 
or the Company ), is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject
to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and applicable Delaware law, including the Delaware
General Corporation Law, or DGCL. We urge you to read our amended and restated certificate of incorporation in its entirety for a complete
description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001
per share. 

Units 

Public Units 

Each Unit consists of one share of common stock
of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of a share of the Common Stock upon the consummation
of an Initial Business Combination Right ). 

Common Stock 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection
with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender
offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer
will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements.
Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we
do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq,
we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s stockholder approval rules. 

Because our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock, if we were to enter into an initial business combination,
we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which
we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business combination to the extent we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

Our
initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares,
private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the combination period. 

The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed
initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder
approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding
common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we
obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s stockholder approval rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will conduct
the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination, which contain substantially the same financial and
other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Assuming our initial business combination
is approved, each public stockholder may elect to redeem his, her or its public shares irrespective of whether he, she or it votes for
or against the proposed transaction, for cash equal to a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest but less interest released to us to pay taxes or dissolution costs. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the completion window, we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account, less any interest released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes
and up to 100,000 to pay dissolution expenses, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial holders, officers and directors have agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares they hold (i) in connection with the consummation
of a business combination, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within the completion window and (iii) if we fail to consummate a business combination within the completion window or if we liquidate
prior to the expiration of the completion window. The initial holders, our officers and directors have also agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to public shares in connection with the consummation of a business combination and in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 
of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window. However, the initial holders,
our officers and directors will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public shares held by them if we fail to consummate
a business combination or liquidate within the completion window. 

If we liquidate, dissolve or wind up after our
initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them
after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our
stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock, except
that upon the consummation of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein, we will provide our stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their shares of our common stock for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account, less any interest released to us
to pay our franchise and income taxes and up to 100,000 to pay dissolution expenses. 

2 

Founder Shares 

There are 1,711,325 founder shares outstanding.
Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 371,500 placement shares contained in the placement units in a private placement that occurred simultaneously
with the completion of the initial public offering. The founder shares and placement shares are each identical to the common stock shares
included in the units, and holders of founder shares or placement shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except
that (i) only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to our initial business combination;
(ii) the founder shares and placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, and (iii) each holder of founder shares has
agreed, and each purchaser of placement units has agreed, to waive his, her or its redemption rights with respect to his, her or its founder
shares and placement shares, (A) in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (B) in connection with a stockholder vote
to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within the completion window or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, (C) if we fail to consummate our initial business
combination within the completion window and (D) upon our liquidation prior to the expiration of the completion window. To the extent
holders of founder shares or purchasers of placement units transfer any of these securities, such transferees will agree, as a condition
to such transfer, to waive these same redemption rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for
a vote, our sponsor and the other initial holders have agreed, and our officers and directors have agreed, to vote their respective founder
shares, placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

With certain limited exceptions, the founder
shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with
our initial holders, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions). 

Amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains requirements and restrictions relating to the initial public offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial
business combination. These provisions, which cannot be amended without the approval of holders owning 65 of the issued and outstanding
shares of our common stock, are as follows: 

if
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the completion window, we will (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any amounts
representing interest earned on the trust account, less any interest released to us for the payment of taxes or dissolution expenses,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law; 

prior
to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i)
receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

although
we do not currently intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with holders of founder shares,
our directors or officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. If we propose to do so, we, or a committee of independent directors,
must obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such
a business combination is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view; 

if
a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law or NASDAQ and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote
for business or other legal reasons, we must offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to consummating our initial business combination which contain substantially
the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation
14A of the Exchange Act; 

if
our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would effect the substance or timing
of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within the completion window, we
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

3 

we
may not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

If, however, the effect of any proposed amendment,
if adopted, would be either to (i) reduce the amount in the trust account available to redeeming stockholders to less than 10.00
per share, or (ii) delay the date on which a public stockholder could otherwise redeem shares for such per share amount in the trust
account and, if such amendment is approved by persons holding at least 65 of our outstanding shares of common stock we will provide a
right for dissenting public stockholders to redeem their public shares in the same manner as if we were seeking a stockholder vote on
a business combination, except that the amount on deposit in the trust account for purposes of calculating the per share redemption price
will be determined at the close of business two business days before the meeting date. Our initial holders, officers and directors have
agreed to vote any founder shares, placement shares and public shares they hold in favor of any such amendments that we may propose and,
accordingly, will have no redemption rights in connection therewith. 

In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination. This notwithstanding, if the effect of any proposed
amendment, if adopted, would be either to (i) reduce the amount in the trust account available to redeeming stockholders to less
than 10.00 per public share, or (ii) delay the date on which a public stockholder could otherwise redeem shares for such per share
amount in the trust account, we will provide a right for dissenting public stockholders to redeem public shares if such an amendment is
approved. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203
of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging
in a business combination with: 

a
stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an
affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an
associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes
a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our
board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the
transaction; 

after
the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least
85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on
or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting
of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned
by the interested stockholder. 

4 

Exclusive Forum Selection 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and
employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court
or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an
action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such
stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware
law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is
enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive
forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive
compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

5 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_hudsonacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, 
 Jiang Hui, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hudson Acquisition I Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jiang Hui 

Jiang Hui 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_hudsonacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, 
 Hon Man Yun, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hudson Acquisition I Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

e) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

f) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

g) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

h) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

c) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

d) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Hon Man Yun 

Hon Man Yun 

Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 f10k2022ex32_hudsonacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Hudson
Acquisition I Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jiang Hui 

Jiang Hui 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Hon Man Yun 

Hon Man Yun 

Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hudau-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hudau-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hudau-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hudau-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hudau-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

