<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230926_10-K_edgar_data_1020859_0001020859-23-000048.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19371080</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>587581</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3156707</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7636009</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3980213</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3536366</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001020859-23-000048.hdr.sgml : 20230926
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230926170639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001020859-23-000048
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		157
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230729
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230926
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230926

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED NATURAL FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001020859
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & GENERAL LINE [5141]
		IRS NUMBER:				050376157
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15723
		FILM NUMBER:		231281155

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		313 IRON HORSE WAY
		CITY:			PROVIDENCE
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02908
		BUSINESS PHONE:		401-528-8634

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		313 IRON HORSE WAY
		CITY:			PROVIDENCE
		STATE:			RI
		ZIP:			02908

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001020859-23-000048.txt : 20230926

10-K
 1
 unfi-20230729.htm
 10-K

unfi-20230729 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on January 27, 2023. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding as of September 21, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 28 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 98 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 98 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 99 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 99 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 100 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 100 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 100 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 100 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 100 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 101 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 104 
 Signatures 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report or Report ), unless otherwise specified, references to United Natural Foods , UNFI , we , us , our or the Company mean United Natural Foods, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. We are a Delaware corporation based in Providence, Rhode Island and Eden Prairie, Minnesota. We conduct our business through various subsidiaries. Since the formation of our predecessor in 1976, we have grown our business both organically and through acquisitions, which have expanded our distribution network, product selection and customer base. 
 
 Our Background 
 
 UNFI is a leading distributor of grocery and non-food products, and support services provider to retailers in the United States and Canada. We believe we are uniquely positioned to provide the broadest array of products and services to customers throughout North America. Our diversified customer base includes over 30,000 customer locations ranging from some of the largest grocers in the country to smaller independents as well. We offer approximately 250,000 products consisting of national, regional and private label brands grouped into the following main product categories: grocery and general merchandise; perishables; frozen foods; wellness and personal care items; and bulk and foodservice products. We believe we are North America s premier grocery wholesaler with 55 distribution centers and warehouses representing approximately 30 million square feet of warehouse space. We are a coast-to-coast distributor with customers in all 50 states as well as all ten provinces in Canada, making us a desirable partner for retailers and consumer product manufacturers. We believe our total product assortment and service offerings are unmatched by our wholesale competitors. We plan to continue to pursue new business opportunities with independent retailers that operate diverse formats, regional and national chains, as well as international customers with wide-ranging needs. Our business is classified into two reportable segments: Wholesale and Retail; and also includes a manufacturing division and a branded product line division. 
 
 Our Strategic Priorities 
 
 We are continually striving to better serve our stakeholders, including our customers, suppliers, associates and communities, while driving profitable growth and sustainable shareholder value creation. We have recently introduced our transformation strategy designed to accomplish this. Our enterprise-wide business transformation strategy, which we believe will position us for customer service and cost structure improvement, consists of four areas: 
 
 1. Network Automation and Optimization: Enhancing our distribution network to drive efficiency and improve the customer experience, which we expect to increase network capacity and scalability. 
 2. Commercial Value Creation: Generating more profitable revenue growth through simplified pricing and procurement, and enhancing analytical insights for our customers and suppliers, making it easier to do business with UNFI. 
 3. Digital Offering Enhancement: Integrating and enhancing the functionality of the digital platforms we offer and expanding the actionable intelligence we provide through these platforms. 
 4. Infrastructure Unification and Modernization: Addressing legacy integration issues and continuing investments to upgrade and simplify our digital infrastructure, which we expect will streamline operations, provide greater visibility and enhance our scale. 
 
 We are also working on near-term initiatives to help improve profitability while we execute our longer-term strategy. These include actioning administrative structure efficiencies, reprioritizing our selling and administrative spending, optimizing our stock-keeping unit SKU assortment as well as reviewing commercial contracts in collaboration with our customers and suppliers. 
 
 We expect to continue to use available capital to re-invest in our business, and we remain committed to improving our financial leverage and reducing outstanding debt over the long term. Since the close of our 2018 acquisition of SUPERVALU INC. Supervalu ), we have reduced net debt by 1.4 billion. 
 
 We believe we can enhance our profitability and accelerate our growth through our transformation efforts, which we expect will improve our cost structure, increase sales of products and services, and position us to provide tailored, data-driven solutions to help our customers run their businesses more efficiently and contribute to customer acquisitions. We believe the key drivers for value creation will be improved efficiency through the automation and optimization of our supply chain, as well as new customer growth associated with the benefits of our significant scale, product and service offerings and nationwide footprint. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Our Commitment to Social and Environmental Responsibility 
 
 Building a Food System That s Better for All 
 
 As North America s premier grocery wholesaler, we are using our scale to drive progress across the food industry, focusing on the areas where we can affect the greatest change. Now in the third year since unveiling our Better for All plan, we continue to evaluate the impacts we have along our value chain, focusing on proactively engaging with the people making and moving the products we distribute. 
 
 In fiscal 2023, we published our 12th annual Better for All report, which offers a summary of our social, environmental, and governance impacts during the fiscal year, and the second update to this plan, which prioritizes nine areas of focus: Associate Safety Well-being, Climate Action, Community Development, Customer Health Safety, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, Energy Efficiency, Governance, Responsible Procurement, and Waste Reduction. The report is available on our website at www.betterforall.unfi.com and highlights progress toward goals including waste reduction, supplier diversity, food donations, and food safety. Our Better for All report and the contents of our Better for All webpage are not incorporated by reference into or considered to be part of this Annual Report. 
 
 Upstream 
 
 Our impact begins with the decisions made by our partners and suppliers, well before products reach our distribution centers. We are investing in programs and partnerships that will help build a more equitable system and carry our values further upstream. In fiscal 2023, we launched the UNFI Climate Action Partnership, encouraging suppliers to set credible climate goals. The program builds on UNFI s Climate Action Hub, which offers suppliers a variety of tools and resources to innovate and scale climate solutions across the food system. We also published a new Deforestation Policy, an updated Animal Welfare Position Statement, and an updated Supplier and Vendor Code of Conduct, clearly outlining expectations of suppliers on responsible procurement topics. 
 
 Operations 
 
 We remain focused on operating efficiently and sustainably, which includes managing the social and environmental impacts within our direct control. Our associates safety and well-being are of utmost importance to us. Our primary goal is to cultivate a culture that values care and safety for all. Through continuous efforts we are dedicated to achieving zero injuries and accidents, ensuring a safe and thriving environment for everyone. In fiscal 2023, we received a score of 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation s 2022 Corporate Equality Index and a score of 100 on the Disability Equality Index. In 2023, we launched our seventh associate-led Belonging Innovation Group, the Asian Coalition for Engagement, to celebrate Asian Pacific Islander heritage, promote career development and foster a safe space for all. We also completed key initiatives in support of our science-based climate targets, including the completion of LED lighting installations at all distribution centers, the installation of our largest solar array to date in Howell, New Jersey, and achievement of our goal of sourcing 20 of our electricity from renewable sources. 
 
 Downstream 
 
 We aim to be responsible community members, from how we provide information and services to our customers, to the local organizations our associates support with their volunteer hours. In fiscal 2023, we significantly grew associate volunteerism and the UNFI Foundation, a 501(c)(3) organization, began a five-year strategic planning process intended to make a more profound impact on the communities we serve. We also made strides toward our food waste reduction goal and expanded our partnership with Too Good to Go, an innovative food waste reduction app and the largest business-to-consumer marketplace for surplus food. 
 
 Social and environmental responsibility remains integral to our overall business strategy, and we believe these practices deliver significant value to our stakeholders, including our stockholders, associates, customers, suppliers and communities. 
 
 Our Customers 
 
 We maintain long-standing relationships with many of our customers. We serve over 30,000 unique customer locations, primarily located across the United States and Canada, which we classify into five customer types: Chains; Independent retailers; Supernatural; Retail; and Other. Refer to Note 3 Revenue Recognition in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

We have been the primary distributor to Whole Foods Market for more than 20 years. We continue to serve as the primary distributor to Whole Foods Market in all of its regions in the United States pursuant to an amended distribution agreement with a term through September 27, 2027. Whole Foods Market is our only customer that represented more than 10 of total Net sales in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Our international Net sales primarily reflect UNFI Canada, Inc. UNFI Canada ), which represented approximately 1 of our Net sales in fiscal 2023. International business excludes sales transacted in U.S. dollars and shipped internationally, which is an even smaller component of our business. 
 
 We also continue to invest in technology and systems with the intent of improving the efficiency of our operations, enhancing the customer experience and growing our services platform, including our eCommerce and innovation businesses. This includes sales to eCommerce companies as well as business-to-business sales to non-traditional customers. In fiscal 2021, we launched Marketplace by UNFI, a business-to-business digital eCommerce solution for emerging brands looking to expand distribution with UNFI customers. Through this virtual marketplace, suppliers gain immediate access to UNFI s digital infrastructure to promote and sell their products to UNFI s broad customer base while UNFI customers gain access to an even broader assortment of unique and local items with flexible order sizes and the convenience of ordering from multiple sources online in one place. 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 In June 2023, we realigned our regional structure by consolidating from four operating regions to three. We now organize and operate our Wholesale reportable segment through three U.S. geographic regions: East, Central and West, each of which is led by a separate regional president responsible for product and service strategy, execution, and financial results; and Canada Wholesale, which is operated separately from the U.S. Wholesale business. Product and service categories include grocery, fresh, private brands, wellness and personal care items, eCommerce, and foodservice. This operating structure includes regional sales organizations and distribution center networks, which offer a combination of conventional and natural products to our customers as a consolidated supply solution. Territory managers in these regions sell our complete lines of products, which allows us to anticipate and identify sales opportunities that result from our customers having a single point of contact for all of our products and services. 
 
 Operations 
 
 We have established a national network of strategically located distribution centers utilizing a multi-tiered logistics system. The network includes facilities that carry slow turn or fast turn groceries, perishables, general merchandise and home, health and beauty care products. For financial reporting purposes, sales from our distribution centers to our own Retail stores are eliminated from of our Wholesale segment within Eliminations. 
 
 We offer Wholesale customers a wide variety of food and non-food products, and our own lines of private label products. We also offer a broad array of professional services. As a logistics provider, efficiency is an important customer service measure. We are in the process of optimizing our facilities to implement leading warehouse technology, ranging from radio-frequency devices guiding selectors to mechanized facilities with completely automated order selection for dry groceries that help us deliver aisle-ready pallets to Wholesale customers. Deployment of continuous improvement methodologies within our supply chain is focused on delivering labor and cost efficiencies while also improving our ability to more effectively service our customers. 
 
 To maintain our market position and improve our operating efficiencies, we seek to continually: 
 expand our marketing and customer service programs across regions; 
 expand our national purchasing opportunities; 
 offer a broader product and value add service selection than our competitors; 
 offer operational excellence with high service levels and a higher percentage of on-time deliveries and fill rates than our competitors; 
 centralize and streamline general and administrative functions to reduce expenses; 
 consolidate systems applications among physical locations and regions; and 
 invest in our people, facilities, equipment and technology. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Procurement 
 
 We maintain contracts with suppliers to procure their products. Our procurement process includes assessments of demand planning, pricing, seasonality and other factors. Inventory costs are determined when products are procured, and include vendor funds received and inbound freight, among other items. The gross margins we earn on sales to our customers are typically based on a percentage mark-up, or fee, on top of vendor listed base cost, which vary by customer, product type, vendor size, volume throughput, transportation methods and distances, among other factors. Net sales to customers are determined at the time of sale based on the then prevailing vendor listed base cost, and include discounts we offer to our customers. The differential between the procured cost, including vendor funds and inbound freight, as compared to the net sales price of these products, primarily generates our gross margin. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 A key component of our historical growth has been to acquire distribution companies differentiated by product offerings, service offerings and market area. We believe the expanded product and service offerings from these acquisitions have enhanced and will continue to support our ability to acquire new customers and present opportunities for cross-selling complementary product lines. Since our strategic 2.3 billion acquisition of conventional distributor, Supervalu, the Company has prioritized the integration of Supervalu and debt reduction and has not undertaken any additional material acquisitions. We may consider strategic acquisitions to enhance our capabilities and geographic footprint, when we determine that to be the most efficient use of capital. 
 
 Retail 
 
 Our Retail segment includes 78 Cub Foods and Shoppers retail grocery stores. Our retail stores provide an extensive grocery offering and, depending on size, a variety of additional products, including general merchandise, home, health and beauty care, and pharmacy. We offer national and local brands, as well as our own private label products. A typical retail store carries approximately 17,000 to 21,000 core SKUs and ranges in size from approximately 50,000 to 70,000 square feet. We believe our retail banners have strong local and regional brand recognition in the markets in which they operate. Our Retail operations are principally supplied by five of our Wholesale distribution centers. 
 
 Our Product Offerings 
 
 Our extensive selection of products includes natural, organic, specialty, produce, and conventional grocery, and non-food products. We offer nationally recognized brand name and private label products, including grocery (both perishable and nonperishable), general merchandise, home, health and beauty care, and pharmacy, which are sold through our Wholesale segment to wholesale customers and our Retail stores. We offer the following main product categories: grocery and general merchandise; perishables; frozen foods; wellness and personal care items; and bulk and foodservice products. 
 
 Our owned brands portfolio is a collection of brands that offer high quality solutions for private label to our customers. ESSENTIAL EVERYDAY is our leading national brand equivalent private label solution with nearly 2,500 items for departments throughout the store. It is complemented by SHOPPERS VALUE , which offers the budget conscious consumer quality alternatives to national brands. Our WILD HARVEST brand offers a full range of products made with simple, wholesome ingredients across multiple categories, including pet foods. Our Field Day brand is primarily sold to natural store / co-op retailers as a private label solution. Our category-specific brands, primarily including STONE RIDGE CREAMERY , EQUALINE , and CULINARY CIRCLE , also provide national brand equivalent products at a competitive price. 
 
 Our Blue Marble Brands portfolio is a collection of national brands that offer United States Department of Agriculture USDA organic, non-GMO Project Verified, and specialty food and non-food items. The WOODSTOCK brand has been pioneering organic / non-GMO products for over 35 years and continues to launch innovative products. 
 
 Our subsidiary doing business as Woodstock Farms Manufacturing specializes in importing, roasting, packaging and distributing nuts, dried fruit, seeds, trail mixes, granola, natural and organic snack items and confections for our customers and in the Company s branded products. We operate an organic (USDA and Quality Assurance International QAI )) and kosher (Circle K) certified packaging, roasting, and processing facility in New Jersey that is SQF (Safety Quality Food) level 2 certified. Woodstock Farms Manufacturing sells items manufactured in bulk and through private label packaging arrangements with large health food, supermarket and convenience store chains and independent retailers. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Our Service Offerings 
 
 Our Professional Services 
 
 We offer a broad array of professional services that provide Wholesale customers with cost-effective and scalable solutions. These services include pass-through programs in which vendors provide services directly to our Wholesale customers, as well as services and solutions we develop and provide directly. Our services include shelf and planogram management, retail store support, pricing strategy, electronic payments processing, advertising, couponing, store design, equipment sourcing, point-of-sale hardware and software, network and data hosting solutions, consumer convenience services, eCommerce, automation tools, sustainability services and administrative back-office solutions. The sales and operating results for these services are included within Wholesale. 
 
 Our Marketing Services 
 
 We offer a variety of marketing services designed to increase sales for our customers and suppliers, including consumer and trade marketing programs, as well as programs to support suppliers in understanding our markets. Trade and consumer marketing programs are supplier-sponsored programs that cater to a broad range of retail formats. Retail marketing programs offer web and digital marketing services, including websites, mobile applications and eCommerce capabilities; circular programs for our customers and vendors; and allow our suppliers to purchase advertising space on our trailers. Supplier marketing programs include information sharing programs designed to provide heightened transparency to suppliers through demand planning, forecasting and procurement insights. All of our programs and services are designed to educate consumers, profile suppliers and increase sales for retailers, many of which do not have the resources necessary to conduct such marketing programs independently. Our goal is to provide support to ensure collective long-term success. 
 
 We continually seek customer and supplier feedback to ascertain their needs and allow us to better service them. We also offer our customers: 
 trends reports in the natural and organic industry: 
 product data information such as best seller lists, store usage reports and catalogs; 
 assistance with store layout designs, new store design and equipment procurement; 
 planogramming, shelf and category management support; 
 in-store signage and promotional materials, and assistance with product display planning and set up; 
 shelf tags for products; and 
 a robust retailer portal with product information, search and ordering capabilities, reports and publications. 
 
 Our Suppliers 
 
 We purchase our products from nearly 11,000 suppliers. The majority of our suppliers are based in the United States and Canada, but we also source products from suppliers throughout the world. We believe suppliers seek to distribute their products through us because we provide access to a large customer base across the United States and Canada, distribute the majority of the suppliers products and offer a wide variety of marketing programs to our customers to help sell our suppliers products. Substantially all product categories that we distribute are available from a number of suppliers and, therefore, we are not dependent on any single supply source for any product category. In addition, although we have exclusive distribution arrangements and support programs with several suppliers, none of our suppliers accounted for more than 5 of our total purchases in fiscal 2023. 
 
 We have positioned ourselves as one of the largest purchasers of organically grown bulk products in the natural and organic products industry by centralizing our purchase of nuts, seeds, grains, flours and dried foods. As a result, we are able to negotiate purchases from suppliers on the basis of volume and other considerations that may include discounted pricing or prompt payment discounts. Furthermore, some of our purchase arrangements include the right of return to the supplier with respect to products that we do not sell in a specified period of time. Each region is responsible for placing its own orders and can select the products that it believes will most appeal to its customers, although each region is able to participate in our company-wide purchasing programs. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our Distribution Network 
 
 Logistics 
 
 We select the sites for our distribution centers to provide direct access to the markets we serve and configure them to minimize total operating costs. This proximity allows us to reduce our transportation costs relative to those of our competitors that seek to service these customers from locations that are often further away. We believe that we incur lower inbound freight expense than our regional competitors because our scale allows us to buy full and partial truckloads of products. Products are delivered to our distribution centers primarily by our fleet of leased and owned trucks, contract carriers and the suppliers themselves. When financially advantageous, we pick up products from suppliers or satellite staging facilities and return them to our distribution centers using our own trucks. Additionally, the scale of our distribution network provides us with the flexibility to shift volume amongst distribution centers in the case of volume spikes, unique customer needs, temporary inbound fill rate challenges and weather-related events as well as the capacity to support future sales growth. 
 
 The majority of our trucks are leased and are maintained by third-party national leasing companies, which in some cases maintain facilities on our premises for the maintenance and service of these vehicles. We also have facilities where we operate our own maintenance shops. 
 
 We ship certain orders for supplements or for items that are destined for areas outside of regular delivery routes through independent carriers. Deliveries to areas outside the continental United States and Canada are typically shipped by freight-forwarders through ocean-going containers. 
 
 Organic Certification 
 
 Our Certified Organic Distributor certification covers 26 of our distribution centers in the United States. Although not designated as a Certified Organic Distributor by QAI, two of our California locations are certified as Organic by the State of California Department of Public Health Food and Drug Branch, and another California location is currently registered with the California Department of Food and Agriculture Organic Program as an organic handler. In addition, our two Canadian distribution centers in British Columbia and Ontario each hold an organic distributor certification from QAI. 
 
 We maintain a comprehensive quality assurance program. All of the products we sell that are represented as organic are required to be certified as such by an independent third-party agency. We maintain current certification affidavits on most organic commodities and produce in order to verify the authenticity of the product. Most potential suppliers of organic products are required to provide such third-party certifications to us before they are approved as suppliers. 
 
 Our Technology Investments 
 
 We continue to make significant investments in distribution, financial, information and warehouse management systems. We continually evaluate and upgrade our systems to enhance efficiency, cost-effectiveness and responsiveness to customer needs. We believe these systems include best in class functionality in warehouse management systems, inventory control, labor management, scan-based fulfillment applications, mechanized pick-to-light systems and order management systems. We are in the process of updating our fulfillment technology with Universal Product Code UPC scan-based technology for selection, loading and customer deliveries to ensure order accuracy throughout the supply chain. We have also begun to make significant investments in warehouse automation solutions to support full case and unit pick fulfillment processes. These investments are intended to unlock our supply chain capabilities, improve customer experience and enable growth. We continue to leverage a management information system that enables us to lower inbound transportation costs by making optimum use of our own fleet of trucks and/or by consolidating deliveries to achieve full truckloads. In addition, route efficiency software assists us in developing the most efficient routes for our outbound trucks. As part of our one company approach, we continue an effort to standardize to best in industry software solutions for inventory procurement, order management, transportation operations and warehouse management systems throughout our network. Our investment in technology is intended to improve our supply chain effectiveness for our suppliers, associates and customers enabling our collective success. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 
 Our Wholesale and Retail businesses operate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving industry, which is characterized by low profit margins, new business models and the entry of new, well-funded competitors that intensify competition. Our food distribution business competes with many traditional and specialty grocery wholesalers and retailers that maintain or develop self-distribution systems for the business of independent grocery retailers. We also increasingly compete with deep discount retailers, limited assortment stores, wholesale membership clubs, and eCommerce and other internet-based businesses. The primary competitive factors in the Wholesale business include price, service level, product quality, variety, availability and other value-added services. In recent years, consolidation within the grocery industry has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, increased competition, including from some competitors that have greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. 
 
 Independent retailers and smaller Chain customers represent a significant portion of our business and face intense competition from brick and mortar, eCommerce, and omni-channel retailers operating discount, department, retail and wholesale grocers, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, hypermarkets and supercenter-type stores, and social commerce platforms, as well as companies that offer services in digital advertising, fulfillment and delivery services, health and wellness and financial services. 
 
 Our retail banners compete with traditional grocery stores, supercenters, deep discounters, mass merchandisers, limited assortment stores and eCommerce providers. The principal competitive factors in grocery retail include the location and image of the store; the price, quality, and variety of the fresh offering; and the quality, convenience, and consistency of service. Competitive strategies vary based on many factors, such as the competitor s format, strengths, weaknesses, pricing, and sales focus. Our retail stores have continued to respond to growing competition from online and non-traditional retailers by adding options and services such as online ordering, curbside pick-up and home delivery. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 Our operations and many of the products that we distribute in the United States are subject to regulation by state and local health departments, the USDA and the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), which generally impose standards for product quality and sanitation and are responsible for the administration of bioterrorism legislation. In the United States, our facilities generally are inspected at least once annually by state or federal authorities. For certain product lines, we are also subject to the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, the Packers and Stockyard Act and regulations promulgated by the USDA to interpret and implement these statutory provisions. The USDA imposes standards for product safety, quality and sanitation through the federal meat and poultry inspection program. 
 
 The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act in the United States and the Safe Foods for Canadians Act in Canada have expanded food safety requirements across the food supply chain and, among other things, impose additional regulations focused on prevention of food contamination, more frequent inspection of high-risk facilities, increased record-keeping, and improved tracing of food. Products that do not meet regulatory standards and/or comply with these regulations may be considered to be adulterated and/or misbranded and subject to recall. 
 
 The Surface Transportation Board and the Federal Highway Administration regulate our trucking operations. In addition, interstate motor carrier operations are subject to safety requirements prescribed by the United States Department of Transportation and other relevant federal and state agencies. Such matters as weight and dimension of equipment are also subject to federal and state regulations. 
 
 Our facilities are subject to regulations issued pursuant to the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act by the U.S. Department of Labor and similar regulations by state agencies. These regulations require us to comply with certain health and safety standards to protect our employees from recognized hazards. We are also subject to the National Labor Relations Act, which provides employees the right to organize and bargain collectively with their employer and to engage in other protected concerted activity; and the Fair Labor Standards Act, which establishes minimum wages and overtime standards, among other requirements. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our facilities in the United States and in Canada are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations, including those relating to the use of water resources and the discharge of wastewater. Further, many of our distribution facilities have ammonia-based refrigeration systems and tanks for the storage of diesel fuel, hydrogen fuel and other petroleum products which are subject to laws regulating such systems and storage tanks. Moreover, in some of our facilities we, or third parties with whom we contract, perform vehicle maintenance. Our policy is to comply with all applicable federal, state, provincial and local provisions relating to the protection of the environment or the discharge of materials. 
 
 Our international business operations are subject to various laws and regulations regarding the import and export of products and preventing corruption and bribery (including the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act). We have implemented and continue to develop import/export and anti-corruption compliance programs and processes to comply with applicable laws and regulations governing our international business activities. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Our employees are critical to supporting our values and achieving our strategic vision, and we are striving to be an employer of choice. We are focused on associate engagement, empowerment and safety to foster innovation and bring best-in-class solutions to our customers and suppliers in an ever-changing retail landscape, including new ways of work scheduling and productivity investments. The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors has oversight of human capital management matters with a focus on associate wellbeing across a variety of measures. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had approximately 29,455 full and part-time employees within continuing operations, 10,667 of whom (approximately 36 are covered by 49 collective bargaining agreements, including agreements under renegotiation. We have in the past been the focus of union-organizing efforts, and we believe it is likely that we will be the focus of similar efforts in the future. 
 
 Developing Talent 
 
 Attracting and retaining talent is one of our top priorities. Our goal is to differentiate ourselves in the market by offering unprecedented flexibility to associates in the way, when and how they work. To reduce turnover, we have an emphasized focus on and commitment to our associates, their experiences as well as their continued engagement. We are committed to the continued support and development of our associates and provide access to robust leadership development programming, role-based training and other career development opportunities at every stage of an associate s tenure with us. Designed to enhance the leadership capabilities of our people, we design and deliver optional programs to leaders across all departments to come together to learn and practice their management skills as well as identify opportunities to lead more effectively. The Elevate program for Director-level and above associates works to solidify our talent pipeline and promote the success of the organization s future leaders. Our Learning Development teams partner with key groups such as Sales, Operations, Transportation and Environmental Health Safety to develop role-based training to drive greater productivity and safety. We also offer associates additional learning and career development opportunities that extend from skills-based training deployed electronically through our BetterU learning system, to mentorship programs and career development discussions and beyond. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Our compensation and benefits programs are designed to promote a culture of wellbeing and recognize our associates for their outstanding achievements and dedication to serving our customers and keeping them safe during even the most challenging of times. We are committed to offering market competitive pay programs that reward high levels of performance and behaviors that challenge convention and drive company success. Our short-term incentive programs are tied to the Company s financial goals and are intended to align our eligible associates rewards with our financial success. Long-term incentives, including restricted stock units and performance stock unit awards, are designed to attract and retain innovative leaders and align their financial interests with that of our shareholders and other stakeholders. As part of our commitment to recognize our associates whole self health, finances and overall wellbeing we offer a comprehensive health and welfare benefit program to eligible associates providing a variety of medical, dental and vision options plus additional voluntary benefits like long-term disability and optional life insurance. Additionally, we provide to eligible associates a leading edge, no-cost wellness program, paid time off programs including paid parental leave, an employee assistance program, 401(k) plan, a back-up childcare program, and a recently enhanced education assistance program. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 
 We pledge to promote equity, celebrate diversity and support justice and inclusion for all. Our Board of Directors is diverse in gender and ethnic background, as well as having a broad range of experience, with four out of 11 directors identifying as female, two members identifying as African American, one member identifying as Asian American, one member identifying as LGBTQ+ and two members identifying as veterans. We recognize that innovation thrives when there is unity and respect for diverse backgrounds and perspectives. Additionally, we aim to foster a culture of belonging, equity and empathy through open dialogues, educational opportunities and by honoring the experiences and special events that speak to our associates many identities. 
 
 We built a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI team, and our DEI strategy is built on a foundation of research, best practices and leadership commitment. Our Vice President of Diversity, Inclusion, Equity and Wellbeing oversees our DEI efforts, inclusive procurement initiatives and wellbeing programs. Our diversity council and seven associate-led Belonging Innovation Groups actively strive to create a workplace where all associates feel welcome and are motivated to reach their full potential. We developed a multi-pronged approach to educate and engage associates that includes open discussions on various dimensions of diversity, a podcast, DEI trainings on our associate platforms, targeted volunteerism, and campaigns encouraging respect and empathy. 
 
 Creating a Safe Environment 
 
 Safety is at the forefront of everything we do. We continue to focus on the safety of our associates, customers and communities with increased safety measures. We continue to be committed to continuous learning and improvement, and we believe in the power of learning from past experiences to enhance our safety system and performance, including through root cause incident analysis. We also continue to invest in our safety brand and pledge, Every Moment Matters, which is designed to foster a caring culture, the implementation of interactive and proven training programs, which were rolled out across our network, and enhanced safety auditing. 
 
 This past year, we focused on creating an audit ready everyday culture; improving our audit scores, sanitation practices, and overall customer satisfaction. During fiscal 2023, we added additional data analytic tools to continuously monitor and report on fleet safety performance metrics. We integrated new safety performance dashboards that allow management to monitor fleet safety metrics at the corporate, regional, and individual site level. These tools allow us to better identify and respond to unsafe driving behaviors and recognize drivers who demonstrate safe driving habits. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Overall product sales are fairly balanced throughout the year, although demand for certain products of a seasonal nature may be influenced by holidays, changes in seasons or other annual events. Our working capital needs are generally greater during the months of and leading up to high sales periods, such as the buildup in inventory leading to the calendar year-end holidays. Our inventory, accounts payable and accounts receivable levels may be impacted by macroeconomic impacts and changes in food-at-home purchasing rates. These effects can result in normal operating fluctuations in working capital balances, which in turn can result in changes to cash flow from operations that are not necessarily indicative of long-term operating trends. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our internet address is http://www.unfi.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into or considered to be part of this Annual Report, and our internet address is included in this document as an inactive textual reference only. We make our Annual Report, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. This section discusses factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. If any of the events described below occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected and our stock price could decline. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We provide these factors for investors as permitted by and to obtain the rights and protections under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties applicable to our business. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report for more information on our business and the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report. 
 
 Strategic and Operational Risks 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues are from our principal customers, and our success is heavily dependent on retaining this business and on our principal customers ability to maintain and grow their businesses. 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues is from our principal customers, and our success is heavily dependent on retaining this business and on our principal customers ability to maintain and grow their businesses. The loss or cancellation of business from our principal customers, including due to the utilization of alternative sources of products, whether through other distributors or increased self-distribution, closures of stores, reductions in the amount of products that our customers sell to their customers, operational issues or our failure to comply with the terms of our distribution agreements, where applicable, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. For example, Whole Foods Market, a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., accounted for approximately 21 of our Net sales in fiscal 2023. We serve as the primary distributor of natural, organic, and specialty non-perishable products, and also distribute certain specialty protein, cheese, culinary items, deli items and products from health, beauty and supplement categories to Whole Foods Market in all of its regions in the United States under the terms of our distribution agreement, which expires on September 27, 2027. Our ability to maintain a close, mutually beneficial relationship with our principal customers is an important element to our continued growth. Similarly, if our largest customer diverts purchases from us beyond the minimum amounts it is required to purchase under our distribution agreement, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our business is characterized by low margins, which are sensitive to inflationary and deflationary pressures, and intense competition and consolidation in the grocery industry, and our inability to maintain or increase our operating margins could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The grocery industry is characterized by a relatively high volume of sales with relatively low profit margins, and as competition in certain areas intensifies and the industry continues to consolidate, our results of operations may be negatively impacted through a loss of sales and reduction in gross margin dollars. The grocery business is intensely competitive and the landscape is dynamic and continues to evolve, including from some competitors that have greater financial and other resources than we do. Consumers also have more choices for grocery and consumable purchases, including mass merchandisers, eCommerce providers, deep discount retailers, limited assortment stores, wholesale membership clubs and meal-delivery services, which may reduce the demand for products supplied by our wholesale customers. The pandemic accelerated the consumer shift to eCommerce and new ways to purchase food, including increased restaurant and other delivery options. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against current and future competitors. 
 
 Our ability to compete successfully will be largely dependent on our ability to provide quality products and services at competitive prices. Our competition comes from a variety of sources, including other distributors, as well as specialty or independent grocery and mass market grocery distributors and cooperatives, and customers with their own distribution channels. Mass market grocery distributors, many with substantially greater financial and other resources than us and that may be better established in their markets, continue to increase their offerings of natural and organic products, are competing more directly with our natural and organic product offerings. While natural and organic products typically generate higher margins, these margins could be affected by changes in the public s perception of the benefits of natural and organic products compared to similar conventional products. 
 
 In addition, many supermarket chains have increased self-distribution or purchases of items directly from suppliers. Relatively low barriers to entry have resulted in new entrants in our markets. We also encounter indirect competition as a result of the fact that our customers with physical locations compete with online retailers and distributors that seek to sell certain products directly to consumers. Further, club stores, commercial wholesale outlets, direct food wholesalers and online food retailers have developed lower cost structures, creating increased pressure on the industry s profit margins. We cannot assure you that our current or potential future competitors will not provide products or services comparable or superior to those provided by us or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving industry trends or changing market requirements. It is also possible that alliances among competitors may develop and that competitors may rapidly acquire significant market share. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margins, lost business and loss of market share, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 The continuing consolidation of retailers, the growth of chains and closures of grocery locations may reduce our gross margins in the future should more customers qualify for greater volume discounts, and should we experience pricing pressure from suppliers and retailers. Sales to some of our largest customers generate a lower gross margin than do sales to our smaller customers due to agreements that include volume discounts with many of these customers, including our largest customer. Increased sales to these customers results in downward pressure on our gross margins, which may or may not be offset by increases in sales or a reduction in expenses incurred to service these customers. 
 
 If we are not able to capture scale efficiencies and enhance our merchandise offerings, we may not be able to achieve our goals with respect to operating margins. In addition, if we are not able to refine and improve our systems continually or effectively implement improvements to our systems without disruption, including any information technology migration to a cloud environment, we may not be able to reduce costs, increase sales and services, effectively manage inventory and procurement processes, or effectively manage customer pricing plans. As a result, our operating margins may stagnate or further decline. 
 
 Further, because many of our sales are at prices that are based on our product cost plus a percentage markup, volatile food costs have a direct impact upon our profitability. We have experienced elevated levels of inflation during the past few years, which has had varying impacts on our business. Prolonged periods of product cost inflation and periods of rapidly increasing inflation may have a negative impact on our profit margins and results of operations to the extent that we are unable to pass on all or a portion of such product cost increases to our customers, or to the extent our operating expenses increase. In addition, product cost inflation may negatively impact the consumer discretionary spending trends and reduce the demand for higher-margin natural and organic products, which could adversely affect profitability. Conversely, our profit levels may be negatively impacted during periods of slowing inflation or product cost deflation even though our Gross profit as a percentage of Net sales may remain relatively constant. If we are unable to reduce our expenses as a percentage of Net sales, including our expenses related to servicing this lower gross margin business, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits of our transformation initiatives. 
 
 Our long-term strategy includes transforming our business, particularly the areas of network automation and optimization, which is designed to make our distribution network more efficient and improve the customer experience; commercial value creation, which is aimed at generating more profitable revenue growth through simplified pricing and procurement, as well as enhancing analytical insights for customers and suppliers; digital offering enhancement, which is intended to enhance the functionality of our digital commercial platforms, including through the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning; and infrastructure unification and modernization, which is intended to upgrade and simplify our digital infrastructure. The successful design, implementation and management of these initiatives may present significant challenges, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the initiatives may not advance our business strategy as expected. We may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, or may not realize the anticipated benefits within the expected time frame, due to financial or operational challenges, delays, lower than expected levels of customer and supplier acceptance and implementation, or unexpected costs. Any failure to implement the initiatives in accordance with expectations could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated revenue and profitability benefits. In addition, the complexity of the initiatives requires a substantial amount of management and operational resources. Our management team must successfully implement operational changes necessary to achieve the anticipated benefits of the initiatives. These and related demands on its resources may divert the Company s attention from existing core businesses and could also have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. As a result, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in relationships with our suppliers may adversely affect our profitability, and conditions beyond our control can interrupt our supplies and alter our product costs. 
 
 As a wholesaler, we are dependent upon the consistent supply of products from manufacturers. We maintain supply contracts to fulfill product sales obligations to our customers. Manufacturers disruptions in their ability to produce, maintain and supply product based on changing levels of demand could result in an inability to fulfill our obligations to our customers. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The majority of our suppliers are based in the United States and Canada, but we also source products from suppliers throughout the world. For the most part, we do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers committing them to provide products to us. Although our purchasing volume can provide benefits, suppliers may not provide the products needed by us in the quantities or at the prices requested. For example, we experienced higher than usual levels of out-of-stocks leading to reduced fill rates during the COVID-19 pandemic. These shortages caused us to incur higher operating expenses due to the cost of moving products between our distribution facilities to maintain expected service levels, and we cannot anticipate whether this trend will recur in the future. We are also subject to delays caused by interruption in production and increases in product costs based on conditions outside of our control. These conditions include work slowdowns, work interruptions, strikes, or other job actions by employees of suppliers, short-term weather conditions or more prolonged climate change, crop conditions, product recalls, water shortages, transportation interruptions, unavailability of fuel or increases in fuel costs, competitive demands, raw material shortages, geopolitical disruptions and natural disasters or other catastrophic events (including, but not limited to food-borne illnesses). As the consumer demand for natural and organic products has increased, certain retailers and other producers have entered the market and attempted to buy certain raw materials directly, limiting availability for use in certain of our suppliers products. In addition, increased costs of imported goods, including due to tariffs, global conflict or otherwise, may reduce customer demand for affected products if the parties experiencing those increased costs increase their prices. 
 
 We cooperatively engage in a variety of promotional programs with our suppliers. We manage these programs to maintain or improve our margins and increase sales. We experienced a reduction in promotional spending and payment of slotting fees for new products by our suppliers as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and we may experience further reductions or changes in promotional spending (including as a result of increased demand for natural and organic products), which could have a significant impact on our profitability. We depend heavily on our ability to purchase merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices, and we benefit from our ability to purchase product in advance of price increases. We have no assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new products and suppliers could change the terms upon which they sell to us or discontinue selling to us. 
 
 Further, increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions, or other factors which may be the result of climate change, also could impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain, or impact demand for our products. For example, in the past, weather patterns or events, such as lower than average levels of precipitation in key agricultural states or wildfires in the West, have affected prices of food products of certain of our suppliers. Input costs could increase at any time for a large portion of the products that we sell for a prolonged period. Conversely, weather patterns could lead to a decline in our product costs (for example, if rainfall levels are abundant), particularly in our perishable and produce businesses, and this product cost deflation could negatively impact our results of operations. Our inability to obtain adequate products as a result of any of the foregoing factors or otherwise could prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers, and these customers may turn to other distributors. In that case, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Failure by us to develop and operate a reliable technology platform and the costs of maintaining secure and effective information technology systems could negatively impact our business, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our investments in information technology. 
 
 Our ability to decrease costs and increase profits, as well as our ability to serve customers most effectively, depends on the reliability of our technology platform. We use software and other technology systems, among other things, to send, receive, generate and select orders, load and route trucks and monitor and manage our business on a day-to-day basis. Failure to have adequate technology systems across the enterprise and any disruption to these systems could adversely impact our customer service, decrease the volume of our business, and result in increased costs negatively affecting our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In our attempt to reduce operating expenses, increase operating efficiencies and better serve our customers and suppliers, we have invested and continue to invest in the development and implementation of new information technology. We are in the process of converting our existing facilities into a single warehouse management and supply chain platform. In addition, we remain focused on the automation of certain distribution centers and plan to develop further digital solutions for our customers, suppliers and associates. We may not be able to implement these technological enhancements at all or in the anticipated time frame and delays in implementation could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, the costs may exceed our estimates and are expected to exceed the benefits during the early stages of implementation. Even if implementation progresses in accordance with our current plans, and within our current cost estimates, we may not achieve the expected efficiencies and cost savings from our investments. Moreover, as we implement information technology enhancements, disruptions in our business may be created (including disruption with our customers), which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 We face risks related to the availability of qualified labor, labor costs and labor relations. 
 
 In the past, we have experienced a shortage of qualified labor. Recruiting and retention efforts, and actions to increase productivity, may not be successful. Such a shortage could potentially increase labor costs, reduce profitability or decrease our ability to effectively serve customers. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits of our efforts to improve labor efficiency, including through automation and other technology initiatives, or to increase productivity and efficiency through other methods, including as a result of delays in executing our business transformation and integration efforts, we may be more susceptible to labor shortages than our competitors. We have incurred increased costs to retain and address a shortage of qualified labor in certain geographies, particularly for warehouse workers and drivers, including wage actions, sign-on bonus programs, and increased use of third-party labor. 
 
 Because our labor costs are, as a percentage of net sales, higher than in many other industries, we may be significantly harmed by labor cost increases. Further, if we are unable to accurately predict and adjust our labor needs with respect to our sales volume, our cost of labor as a percentage of net sales may increase. In addition, labor is a significant cost of many of our wholesale customers. Any increase in their labor costs, including any increases in costs as a result of increases in minimum wage requirements or wage competition, could reduce the profitability of our customers and reduce demand for the products we supply. Additionally, the terms of some of our collective bargaining agreements may limit our ability to increase efficiencies. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, approximately 10,667 of our 29,455 employees (approximately 36 were covered by 49 collective bargaining agreements, including agreements under negotiation, which expire through May 31, 2027. In the event we are unable to negotiate reasonable contract renewals with our union associates or are required to make significant changes to terms that are unfavorable to us, our relationship with employees may become fractured, and we could be subject to work stoppages or additional expenses. In that event, it would be necessary for us to hire replacement workers or implement other business continuity contingency plans to continue to meet our obligations to our customers. The costs to hire replacement workers, employ effective security measures, and, if necessary, serve customers from alternative facilities, could negatively impact the profitability of any affected facility. Depending on the length of time of any work stoppage or if we are required to employ replacement workers and implement security measures these costs could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We have in the past been the focus of union-organizing efforts, and we believe it is likely that we will be the focus of similar efforts in the future. As we increase our employee base and broaden our distribution operations to new geographic markets, our increased visibility could result in increased or expanded union-organizing efforts. New contracts with existing unions could have substantially less favorable terms than those negotiated prior to such expanded union-organizing efforts. 
 
 We have engaged, and may continue to engage in, acquisitions and may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses and may not realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions. 
 
 We have engaged in, and could continue to pursue, strategic transactions as we transform our business. Acquisitions present significant challenges and risks relating to the integration of acquired businesses. 
 
 Our ability to achieve the expected benefits of acquisitions will depend on, among other things, our ability to effectively execute on our business strategies, integrate and manage the combined operations, retain customers and suppliers on terms similar to those in place with the acquired businesses, achieve desired operating efficiencies and sales growth, optimize delivery routes, coordinate administrative and distribution functions, integrate management information systems, expand into new markets to include markets of the acquired business, retain and assimilate the acquired businesses employees, and maintain our financial and internal controls and systems as we expand our operations. Achieving the anticipated benefits of acquisitions also depends on the adequacy of our implementation plans and the ability of management to oversee and operate effectively the combined operations. 
 
 The integration of businesses that we acquire might also cause us to incur unforeseen costs, which would lower our future earnings and would prevent us from realizing the expected benefits of these acquisitions. Any businesses we acquire may also have liabilities or adverse operating issues, including some that are not known by us before the acquisition, and our indemnity for such liabilities may be limited or nonexistent. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, our ability to pursue any future acquisitions may depend upon obtaining additional financing, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. To the extent that we seek to acquire other businesses in exchange for our common stock, fluctuations in our stock price could have a material adverse effect on our ability to complete acquisitions. If we are unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully or to realize anticipated economic, operational or other benefits and synergies in a timely manner, management s resources could be diverted and our business, financial condition, or operating results could be materially and adversely affected, particularly in transition periods immediately following the consummation of those transactions. 
 
 We may have difficulty managing our growth, and our growth plans may not produce the results that we expect. 
 
 The growth in the size of our business and operations has placed, and is expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our management. Our future growth may be limited by strong growth by certain of our largest customers or our inability to optimize our network of distribution centers to serve our customers, retain existing customers, successfully integrate acquired entities or significant new customers, implement information systems and automation initiatives, or adequately manage our personnel. 
 
 If we fail to optimize the volume of supply operations in our distribution center network, do not retain existing business or do not utilize added network capacity in line with our expectations, excess capacity may exist, which may lead to inefficiencies and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, including as a result of incurring operating costs for these facilities without sufficient corresponding sales revenue to cover these costs. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully optimize our distribution center network or open additional distribution centers in new or existing markets if needed to accommodate or facilitate growth or that certain of our distribution centers will not have, or continue not to have, operational challenges. Our ability to compete effectively, maintain service levels and manage future growth, if any, will depend on our ability to maximize operational efficiencies across our distribution center network, to implement and improve on a timely basis operational, financial and management information systems, including our warehouse management systems, and to expand, train, motivate and manage our work force. We cannot assure you that our existing personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support the future growth of our operations. In addition, we have recently appointed several new executive leaders, and these transitions may be disruptive. Our inability to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Further, a key element of our current growth strategy is to increase the amount of fresh, perishable products that we distribute. We believe that the ability to distribute these products will differentiate us from our competitors and increase demand for our products. If we are unable to grow this portion of our business and manage that growth effectively, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our wholesale distribution business could be adversely affected if we are not able to attract new customers, increase sales to or retain existing customers or if our customers are unable to grow their businesses. 
 
 The profitability of our wholesale segment is dependent upon sufficient volume to support our operating infrastructure. The inability to attract new customers or the loss of existing customers from a decision to use alternative sources of distribution, whether through a competing wholesaler or by converting to self-distribution, or due to retail closure or industry consolidation may negatively impact our sales and operating margins. If there were a rapid reduction in demand for the products we distribute, our results and cash flows may be negatively impacted if we are unable to reduce working capital maintained to support current sales levels. 
 
 Our success also depends in part on the financial success and cooperation of our wholesale customers. They may not experience an acceptable level of sales or profitability, and our revenues and gross margins could be negatively affected as a result. We may also need to extend credit to our wholesale customers. While we seek to obtain security interests and other credit support in connection with the financial accommodations we extend, such collateral may not be sufficient to cover our exposure. Additionally, in the past we have entered into wholesale customer support arrangements to guaranty or subsidize real estate obligations, which make us contingently liable in the event our wholesale customers default. If sales trends or profitability worsen for wholesale customers, their financial results may deteriorate, which could result in, among other things, lost business for us, delayed or reduced payments to us or defaults on payments or other liabilities owed by wholesale customers to us, any of which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations, as well as our ability to grow our wholesale business. In this regard, our wholesale customers are affected by the same economic conditions, including food inflation and deflation, and competition that our retail segment faces. The magnitude of these risks increases as the size of our wholesale customers increases. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and associated responses, may disrupt our business, including among other things, increasing our costs, impacting our supply chain, and driving change in customer and consumer demand for our products, and could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and responses thereto, have impacted our business directly and may in the future impact our business by, among other things, increasing our costs, impacting our supply chain and driving change in customer and consumer demand for our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 While our operations have generally stabilized since the peak of the pandemic, we cannot predict with certainty the extent that our operations may be impacted by any continuing effects of any pandemics, including COVID-19, on us or on our business partners, suppliers and customers, and each of their financial conditions; however, any adverse effect on these parties could materially and adversely impact us. To the extent that any pandemics, including COVID-19, continue to affect the U.S. and global economy and our business, they may also heighten other risks described in this section, including but not limited to those related to consumer behavior and expectations, competition, implementation of strategic initiatives, cybersecurity threats, payment-related risks, supply chain disruptions, labor availability and cost, litigation and operational risk as a result of regulatory requirements. 
 
 Many of our customers are not obligated to continue purchasing products from us, and larger customers that have multiyear contracts with us may terminate these contracts early in certain situations or choose not to renew or extend these contracts at expiration. 
 
 Many of our wholesale customers buy from us under purchase orders, and we generally do not have written agreements with or long-term commitments from these customers for the purchase of products. We cannot assure you that these customers will maintain or increase their orders for the products supplied by us or that we will be able to maintain or add to our existing customer base. Decreases in volumes or orders for products supplied by us for these customers with whom we do not have a long-term contract may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We may have contracts with certain of our customers (as is the case with many of our chain customers) that obligate the customer to buy products from us for a particular period of time. Even in this case, the contracts may not require the customer to purchase a minimum number of products from us or the contracts may afford the customer better pricing in the event that the volume of the customer s purchases exceeds certain levels. If these customers were to terminate or fail to perform under these contracts prior to their scheduled termination, or if we or the customer elected not to renew or extend the term of the contract at its expiration or not to renew or extend at historical purchase levels, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including additional operational expenses to transition out of the business or to adjust our facilities and staffing costs to cover the reduction in Net sales. 
 
 The cost of the capital available to us and limitations on our ability to access additional capital may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Historically, acquisitions and capital expenditures have been a large component of our growth. We anticipate that capital expenditures will continue to be, and acquisitions may be, important to our growth in the future. As a result, increases in the cost of capital available to us, which could result from volatility in the credit markets, downgrades of our credit ratings, our not being in compliance with restrictive covenants under our debt agreements or our inability to access additional capital to finance acquisitions and capital expenditures through borrowed funds could restrict our ability to grow our business organically or through acquisitions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In addition, our profit margins depend on strategic buying initiatives, such as discounted bulk purchases, which require spending significant amounts of working capital up-front to purchase products that we then sell over a multi-month time period. Increases in the cost of capital or our inability to access additional capital on satisfactory terms could restrict our ability to engage in strategic buying initiatives, which could reduce our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Disruptions to our or third-party information technology systems, including cyber-attacks and security breaches, and the costs of maintaining secure and effective information technology systems could negatively affect our business and results of operations . 
 
 The efficient operation of our businesses is highly dependent on computer hardware and software systems, including customized information technology systems. Additionally, our businesses increasingly involve the receipt, storage and transmission of sensitive data, including personal information about our customers, employees, and vendors and our proprietary business information. We also share information with vendors. Information technology systems are vulnerable to not functioning as designed and to disruptions and security breaches by computer hackers and cyber terrorists, which risks may be more pronounced as associates continue to work remotely. 
 
 Although we continue to take actions to strengthen the security of our information technology systems, these measures and technology may not adequately anticipate or prevent security breaches in the future or we may not be able to timely implement these measures and technology. Cyber-attacks are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly frequent, sophisticated and difficult to detect. The failure to promptly detect, determine the extent of, appropriately respond to, and contain a significant data security attack or breach of our systems or any third-party system used by us could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any such failure also could result in the loss of credibility with our customers and damage to our reputation and future sales, including through negative publicity. In addition, the unavailability of information technology systems or failure of these systems or software to perform as anticipated for any reason, including a ransomware attack, and any inability to respond to, or recover from, such an event, could disrupt our business, impact our customers and result in decreased performance, increased overhead costs and increased risk for liability, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. 
 
 As a merchant that accepts debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI DSS ), issued by the PCI Council. Additionally, we are subject to PCI DSS as a service provider, which is a business entity that is not a payment brand directly involved in the processing, storage or transmission of cardholder data. PCI DSS contains compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. By accepting debit cards for payment, we are also subject to compliance with American National Standards Institute data encryption standards and payment network security operating guidelines. The cost of complying with stricter privacy and information security laws, standards and guidelines, including evolving PCI DSS standards, and developing, maintaining, and upgrading technology systems to address future advances in technology, could be significant and we could experience problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems. Failure to comply with such laws, standards, and guidelines, or payment card industry standards such as those involving MasterCard, Visa and Europay (EMV) transactions, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Increases in healthcare, pension and other costs under the Company s and multiemployer benefit plans could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We provide single employer and multiemployer health, defined benefit pension and defined contribution benefits to many of our employees and, in some cases, former employees. The costs of such benefits continue to increase, and the extent of any increase depends on a number of different factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include governmental regulations such as The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which has resulted in changes to the U.S. healthcare system and imposes mandatory types of coverage, reporting and other requirements; return on plan assets; changes in actuarial valuations, estimates, or assumptions used to determine our benefit obligations for certain benefit plans, which require the use of significant estimates, including the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, mortality rates and the rates of increase in compensation and healthcare costs; for multiemployer plans, the outcome of collective bargaining and actions taken by trustees who manage the plans; and potential changes to applicable legislation or regulation. If we are unable to control these benefits and costs, we may experience increased operating costs, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, certain multiemployer pension plans in which we participate are underfunded with the projected benefit obligations exceeding the fair value of those plans assets, in certain cases, by a wide margin. If a withdrawal were to occur, the withdrawal liability from our multiemployer plans could be material, our efforts to mitigate these liabilities may not be successful, and potential exposure to withdrawal liabilities could cause us to forgo or negatively impact our ability to enter into other business opportunities. Some of these plans have required rehabilitation plans or funding improvement plans, and we can give no assurances of the extent to which a rehabilitation plan or a funding improvement plan will improve the funded status of the plan. It is possible that increases of unfunded liabilities of the multiemployer pension plans would result in increased future payments by us and the other participating employers over the next several years. Any changes to our pension plans that would impact associates covered by collective bargaining agreements will be subject to negotiation, which may limit our ability to manage our exposure to these plans. A significant increase to funding requirements could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The financial condition of these pension plans may also negatively impact our debt ratings, which may increase the cost of borrowing or adversely affect our ability to access financial markets. 
 
 Activist investors could negatively impact our business and cause disruptions to our operations. 
 
 We value constructive input from investors and regularly engage in dialogue with our stockholders regarding strategy and performance. Activist stockholders who disagree with the composition of the Board of Directors, our strategy or the way the Company is managed may seek to effect change through various strategies and channels, such as through commencing a proxy contest, making public statements critical of our performance or business or engaging in other similar activities. 
 
 Responding to such actions by activist investors can be costly and time-consuming, disruptive to our operations and divert the attention of management, our Board of Directors and our employees, and our ability to execute our strategic plan could also be impaired as a result. For example, we have been required to retain the services of various professionals to advise us on activist stockholder matters, including legal, financial and other advisory fees. In the event of an activist campaign we could be required to incur substantially increased legal, public relations and other advisory fees and proxy solicitation expenses. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy, or leadership created as a consequence of activist investors may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new or retain existing investors, customers, directors, employees, collaborators or other partners, disrupt relationships with the Company, and the market price of our common stock could also experience periods of increased volatility as a result. 
 
 Our insurance and self-insurance programs may not be adequate to cover future claims. 
 
 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liabilities, including workers compensation, general and auto liability, director and officer liability, property risk, cyber and privacy risks and employee healthcare benefits. We believe that our insurance coverage is customary for businesses of our size and type. However, there are types of losses we may incur that cannot be insured against or that we believe are not commercially reasonable to insure. These losses, should they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, the cost of insurance fluctuates based upon our historical trends, market conditions, and availability. In response to the current market, we have also increased deductibles and increased percentages of loss retention above the deductible for certain of our policies, which could expose us to higher costs in the event of a claim. 
 
 We estimate the liabilities and required reserves associated with the risks we retain. Any such estimates and actuarial projection of losses is subject to a considerable degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are changes in benefit levels, medical fee schedules, medical utilization guidelines, severity of injuries and accidents, vocation rehabilitation and apportionment and unpredictable external factors affecting inflation rates, discount rates, rising healthcare costs, litigation trends, legal interpretations, and actual claim settlement patterns. If actual losses incurred are greater than those anticipated, our reserves may be insufficient and additional costs could be recorded in our consolidated financial statements. If we suffer a substantial loss that exceeds our self-insurance reserves and any excess insurance coverage, the loss and attendant expenses could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Our debt agreements contain restrictive covenants that may limit our operating flexibility. 
 
 Our debt agreements, including the loan agreement (the ABL Loan Agreement related to our 2,600 million asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Credit Facility entered into in June 2022, and the term loan agreement (the Term Loan Agreement related to our 1,950 million term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility entered into on October 22, 2018, as amended, and the indenture governing our unsecured 6.750 Senior Notes due October 15, 2028 (the Senior Notes contain financial covenants and other restrictions that limit our operating flexibility and our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business. These restrictions may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interest of our business if we were not subject to these limitations and may make it difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. 
 
 In addition, our ABL Loan Agreement, Term Loan Agreement and the indenture governing the Senior Notes require that we comply with various financial tests and impose certain restrictions on us, including among other things, restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens on assets, make loans or investments, or return capital to stockholders through share repurchases or paying dividends. Failure to comply with these covenants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 We have experienced losses due to the uncollectibility of accounts in the past and could experience losses in the future if our customers are unable to timely pay their debts to us. 
 
 Certain of our customers have from time to time experienced bankruptcy, insolvency or an inability to pay their debts to us as they come due. If our customers suffer significant financial difficulty, they may be unable to pay their debts to us timely or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is possible that customers may reject their contractual obligations to us under bankruptcy laws or otherwise. Significant customer bankruptcies could further adversely affect our revenues and increase our Operating expenses by requiring larger provisions for bad debt. In addition, even when our contracts with these customers are not rejected in bankruptcy, if customers are unable to meet their obligations on a timely basis, it could adversely affect our ability to collect receivables. Further, we may have to negotiate significant discounts and/or extended financing terms with these customers in such a situation, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 During periods of economic weakness, small to medium-sized businesses, like many of our independent channel customers, may be impacted more severely and more quickly than larger businesses. Similarly, these smaller businesses may be more likely to be more severely impacted by events outside of their control, like macro-economic shifts or significant weather events. Consequently, the ability of such businesses to repay their obligations to us may deteriorate, and in some cases this deterioration may occur quickly, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Impairment charges for long-lived assets could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We monitor the recoverability of our long-lived assets, such as buildings, equipment and leased assets, and evaluate their carrying value for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. If the review performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value and fair value of the long-lived assets, in the period the determination is made. The testing of long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment requires us to make estimates that are subject to significant assumptions about our future revenue, profitability, cash flows, fair value of assets and liabilities, and weighted average cost of capital, as well as other assumptions. Changes in these estimates, or changes in actual performance compared with these estimates, may affect the fair value of long-lived assets, which may result in an impairment charge. 
 
 We cannot accurately predict the amount or timing of any impairment. Should the value of long-lived assets become impaired, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Economic Risks 
 
 Changes in consumer purchasing habits could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Changes in consumer purchasing habits may reduce demand for certain of the products we distribute. Consumer habits could be affected by a number of factors, including an increase in food-away-from home options, changes in attitudes regarding benefits of natural and organic products when compared to similar lower margin conventional products, new information regarding the health effects of consuming certain foods, changes in disposable income levels, which may be impacted by a reduction in the level of government spending that supports grocery purchases, or other macro trends. For example, we experienced declines in certain of our sales channels as a result of changes in consumer purchasing habits related to the COVID-19 pandemic, including reductions in foodservice, bulk snacks, seeds and nuts, and international categories, and we cannot be certain how consumer habits may continue to evolve. Further, in a sustained economic downturn, consumers may shift their purchases to lower-cost, lower-margin products. Although there is a growing consumer preference for sustainable, organic and locally grown products, which are higher margin products, there can be no assurance that such trend will continue. Changing consumer preferences also result from generational shifts, including younger generations seeking new and different foods, as well as more ethnic, menu options and menu innovation. However, there can be no assurance that such trends will continue. If consumer eating habits change significantly, we may be required to modify or discontinue sales of certain items in our product portfolio, and we may experience higher costs associated with the implementation of those changes. Additionally, if we are not able to effectively respond to changes in consumer perceptions or adapt our product offerings to new or developing trends in eating habits, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could suffer. 
 
 Our leverage and debt service obligations increase our sensitivity to the effects of economic downturns and could adversely affect our business. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had approximately 2.0 billion of long-term debt outstanding. Our leverage, and any increase therein, could have important potential consequences, including, but not limited to: 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility in planning for and responding to, adverse general economic and industry conditions and changes in our business and the competitive environment and placing us at a disadvantage to our competitors that are less leveraged; 
 requiring us to use a substantial portion of operating cash flow to pay principal of, and interest on, indebtedness, instead of other purposes, such as funding working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, returning capital to stockholders through dividends or share repurchases or other corporate purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to a downgrade of our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity, and access to capital markets; 
 restricting us from making desired strategic acquisitions in the future or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 increasing our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates insofar as current and future borrowings are subject to variable rates of interest; 
 making it more difficult for us to repay, refinance, or satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds and increasing the cost of any such borrowing; and 
 imposing restrictive covenants on our operations, which could result in an event of default if we are unable to comply, and absent any cure or waiver of such default ultimately could result in the acceleration of the such debt and potentially other debt with cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. 
 
 There is no assurance that we will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future debt or equity financing will be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness. As a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, however, we may not be able to do so on favorable terms, or at all. Any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Increased fuel costs may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Increased fuel costs may have a negative impact on our results of operations. Both the price and supply of fuel are unpredictable and fluctuate based on events outside our control, including geopolitical developments, supply and demand for oil and gas, actions by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil and gas producers, war and unrest in oil producing countries and regions, regional production patterns and environmental concerns. Higher costs for diesel fuel can increase the price we pay for products as well as the costs we incur to deliver products to our customers, including costs of inbound goods from our suppliers. These factors, in turn, may negatively impact our net sales, margins, operating expenses and operating results. To the extent we do not enter into commodity derivative contracts to hedge a portion of our projected diesel fuel requirements, our exposure to volatility in the price of diesel fuel would increase relative to our exposure to volatility in periods in which we have outstanding commodity derivative contracts. We also maintain a fuel program with certain customers, which allows us to pass some of the changes in fuel costs through to those customers. If fuel costs continue to increase in the future, we may experience difficulties in passing all or a portion of these costs along to our customers, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Disruption of our distribution network or to the operations of our customers could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Damage or disruption to our distribution capabilities due to weather, including extreme or prolonged weather conditions, natural disaster, fire, civil unrest, terrorism, pandemic, strikes, product recalls or safety concerns generally, crop conditions, availability of key commodities, regulatory actions, disruptions in technology, the financial and/or operational instability of key suppliers, performance by outsourced service providers, transportation interruptions, labor supply or stoppages or vendor defaults or disputes, or other reasons could impair our ability to distribute our products. For example, we have both distribution centers and retail stores in cities and states where civil unrest has led to extensive property damage. To the extent that we are unable, or it is not financially feasible, to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In addition, such disruption may interrupt or impede access to, or otherwise reduce the number of consumers who visit, our customers facilities, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 We are subject to significant governmental regulation and failure to comply with such regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our business is highly regulated at the federal, state, and local levels, and our products and distribution operations require various licenses, permits and approvals, including: 
 
 the products that we distribute in the United States are subject to inspection by the United States Food and Drug Administration; 
 our warehouse and distribution centers are subject to inspection by the United States Department of Agriculture, the United States Department of Labor Occupational and Health Administration and various state health and workplace safety authorities; and 
 our United States trucking operations are subject to regulation by the United States Department of Transportation and the United States Federal Highway Administration. 
 
 In addition, the various federal, state and local laws, regulations and administrative practices to which we are subject require us to comply with numerous provisions regulating areas such as environmental, health and sanitation standards, food safety, marketing of natural or organically produced food, facilities, pharmacies, equal employment opportunity, public accessibility, employee benefits, wages and hours worked and licensing for the sale of food, drugs, tobacco and alcoholic beverages, among others. For example: 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental, Health and Safety : Our operations are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent laws and regulations pertaining to the protection of the environment, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, the disposal of food by-products, the handling, treatment, and disposal of wastes, maintenance of refrigeration systems, and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination. Compliance with existing or changing environmental and safety requirements, including more stringent limitations imposed or expected to be imposed in any recently renewed or soon-to-be renewed environmental permits, may require capital expenditures. Additionally, concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to significant United States and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Increased regulation regarding greenhouse gas emissions, particularly with respect to diesel engine emissions, could result in substantial additional operating expenses. These expenses may include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our vehicles sooner than planned. Until the timing, scope and extent of such regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our results of operations. It is reasonably possible, however, that it could result in material costs, which we may be unable to pass on to our customers. 
 
 Further, our business may be subject to climate-related transition risks, which arise from society s transition toward a low-carbon economy due to changes in laws or regulations, technological advancements, and investor and consumer sentiment. We also have announced third-party validated emissions reduction targets covering our operations and value chain. While many of our initiatives will create efficiencies and return on investment, the transition to a low-carbon economy generally and our own efforts to reduce emissions could lead to increased costs to transition to or invest in renewable energy sources, including electric vehicles, increased compliance costs, including tracking and reporting systems, and increased costs of products, commodities and energy. 
 
 Food Safety and Marketing : There is significant governmental scrutiny, regulations and public awareness regarding food quality and food and drug safety. We may be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of the food we manufacture or the food and drug products we distribute. In addition, we are subject to governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety and the sale, packaging, and marketing of natural and organic products. Compliance with these laws may impose a significant burden on our operations. 
 
 Wage Rates and Paid Leave : Changes in federal, state or local minimum wage and overtime laws or employee paid leave laws could cause us to incur additional wage costs, which could adversely affect our operating margins. Failure to comply with existing or new laws or regulations could result in significant damages, penalties and/or litigation costs. 
 
 Foreign Operations : Our supplier base includes domestic and foreign suppliers. In addition, we have customers located outside the United States. Accordingly, laws and regulations affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws and regulations could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we are required to comply with laws and regulations governing export controls, and ethical, anti-bribery and similar business practices such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Our Canadian operations are similarly subject to extensive regulation, including the English and French dual labeling requirements applicable to products that we distribute in Canada. The loss or revocation of any existing licenses, permits, or approvals or the failure to obtain any additional licenses, permits, or approvals in new jurisdictions where we intend to do business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Pharmacy : We are required to meet various security and operating standards and comply with the Controlled Substances Act and its accompanying regulations governing the sale, marketing, packaging, holding, record keeping and distribution of controlled substances. During the past several years, the United States healthcare industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation and audits at both the federal and state levels. For example, in 2019, the Company settled with the Drug Enforcement Administration alleged violations of the Controlled Substances Act relating to an administrative subpoena received by Supervalu that requested, among other things, information on the Company s pharmacy policies and procedures generally, as well as the production of documents that are required to be kept and maintained pursuant to the Controlled Substances Act and its accompanying regulations. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The failure to comply or maintain compliance with applicable governmental laws and regulations, including those referred to above and in Item 1. Business - Government Regulation of this Annual Report, could result in, among other things, administrative, civil, or criminal penalties or fines; mandatory or voluntary product recalls; warning or other letters; cease and desist orders against operations that are not in compliance; closure of facilities or operations; the loss, revocation, or modification of any existing licenses, permits, registrations or approvals; the failure to obtain additional licenses, permits, registrations or approvals in new jurisdictions where we intend to do business; or the loss of our ability to participate in federal and state healthcare programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. These laws and regulations may change in the future. We cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine the effect that additional governmental regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes would have on our future business. We may incur material costs in our efforts to comply with current or future laws and regulations or due to any required product recalls. 
 
 In addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations or encounter disagreements with respect to our contracts subject to governmental regulations, including those referred to above, we may be subject to investigations, criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, prohibitions on exporting, seizures, or debarments from contracting with the U.S. or Canadian governments. The cost of compliance or the consequences of non-compliance, including debarments, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, governmental units may make changes in the regulatory frameworks within which we operate that may require us to incur substantial increases in costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 
 Product liability claims could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We face a risk of exposure to product liability claims if the products we sell or manufacture cause injury or illness. In addition, meat, seafood, cheese, poultry and other products that we distribute could be subject to recall because they are, or are alleged to be, contaminated, spoiled or inappropriately labeled. Our meat and poultry products may be subject to contamination by disease-producing organisms or pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes, Salmonella and generic E. coli. These pathogens are generally found in the environment, and as a result, there is a risk that they, as a result of food processing, could be present in the meat and poultry products we distribute. These pathogens can also be introduced as a result of improper handling at the consumer level. These risks may be controlled, although not eliminated, by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. We have little, if any, control over proper handling before we receive the product or once the product has been shipped to our customers. Any events that give rise to actual or potential food contamination, drug contamination or food-borne illness or injury, or events that give rise to claims that our products are not of the quality or composition claimed to be, may result in product liability claims from individuals, consumers and governmental agencies, penalties and enforcement actions from government agencies, a loss of consumer confidence, harm to our reputation and could cause production and delivery disruptions, which may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 In addition, if we were to manufacture or distribute foods that are or are perceived to be unsafe, contaminated, or defective, it may be necessary for us to recall such products, or we may recall products that we determine do not satisfy our quality standards. Any resulting product recalls could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have, and the companies we have acquired have had, liability insurance with respect to product liability claims. This insurance may not continue to be available at a reasonable cost or at all and may not be adequate to cover product liability claims against us or against companies we have acquired. 
 
 We generally seek contractual indemnification and insurance coverage from our suppliers and manufacturers, but any such indemnification is limited to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party. We may be subject to liability, which could be substantial, because of actual or alleged contamination in products manufactured or sold by us, including products sold by companies before we acquired them. If we do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification available, product liability claims and costs associated with product recalls, including a loss of business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could harm our business. 
 
 We rely on a combination of trademark, service mark, trade secret, copyright, and domain name law and internal procedures and nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. We believe our trademarks, private label products, and domain names are valuable assets. However, our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors and to provide us with a competitive advantage. From time to time, third parties may use names, logos, and slogans similar to ours, may apply to register trademarks or domain names similar to ours, and may infringe or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights. Our intellectual property rights may not be successfully asserted against such third parties or may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Asserting or defending our intellectual property rights could be time consuming and costly and could distract management s attention and resources. If we are unable to prevent our competitors from using names, logos, slogans and domain names similar to ours, consumer confusion could result, the perception of our brands and products could be negatively affected, and our sales and profitability could suffer as a result. In addition, if our wholesale customers receive negative publicity or fail to maintain the quality of the goods and services used in connection with our trademarks, our rights to, and the value of, our trademarks could potentially be harmed. Failure to protect our proprietary information could also have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may also be subject to claims that our activities or the products we sell infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others. Any such claims can be time consuming and costly to defend and may distract management s attention and resources, even if the claims are without merit, and may prevent us from using our trademarks in certain geographies or in connection with certain products and services, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Distribution Centers 
 
 We maintained 55 distribution centers and warehouses at July 29, 2023, which were utilized by our Wholesale segment and our other operating segments. The following table shows our dry and cold storage distribution and warehouse facilities and their associated owned and leased square footage occupied as of July 29, 2023: 
 Location (1) 
 Owned Square Footage Leased Square Footage Total Square Footage (in thousands) Hopkins, Minnesota (2) 
 1,866 1,866 Allentown, Pennsylvania 1,327 1,327 Stockton, California 1,290 1,290 Mechanicsville, Virginia (2) 
 1,249 1,249 Riverside, California 1,171 1,171 Centralia, Washington 1,155 1,155 Green Bay, Wisconsin 1,080 1,080 York, Pennsylvania 1,039 1,039 Joliet, Illinois 988 988 Champaign, Illinois 910 910 Pompano Beach, Florida 903 903 Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 883 883 Fort Wayne, Indiana (2) 
 871 871 Commerce, California 858 858 Ridgefield, Washington (2) 
 779 779 Quincy, Florida (2) 
 758 758 Sarasota, Florida 743 743 Montgomery, New York (2) 
 500 180 680 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 679 679 Atlanta, Georgia (2) 
 389 259 648 Lancaster, Texas 590 590 Anniston, Alabama 465 105 570 Indianola, Mississippi 543 543 Aurora, Colorado 529 529 Rocklin, California (2) 
 469 469 Stevens Point, Wisconsin (2) 
 314 146 460 Gilroy, California (2) 
 447 447 Sturtevant, Wisconsin (2) 
 442 442 Moreno Valley, California 434 434 Carlisle, Pennsylvania 423 423 Howell Township, New Jersey (2) 
 397 397 Chesterfield, New Hampshire (2) 
 300 69 369 Richburg, South Carolina (2) 
 342 342 Fargo, North Dakota (2) 
 336 336 Oglesby, Illinois 325 325 Dayville, Connecticut (2) 
 317 317 Greenwood, Indiana (2) 
 308 308 Prescott, Wisconsin (2) 
 307 307 Santa Fe Springs, California 298 298 Iowa City, Iowa 271 271 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Location (1) 
 Owned Square Footage Leased Square Footage Total Square Footage (in thousands) West Sacramento, California (2) 
 251 251 Bismarck, North Dakota (2) 
 244 244 Anniston, Alabama 231 231 Billings, Montana (2) 
 220 220 Vaughan, Ontario 180 180 Edison, New Jersey 178 178 West Newell, Illinois 155 155 Richmond, British Columbia 126 126 Londonderry, New Hampshire 124 124 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 100 100 West Sacramento, California (2) 
 85 85 Logan Township, New Jersey 70 70 Fife, Washington 39 39 Montreal, Quebec 31 31 Truckee, California 8 8 Total 13,304 16,792 30,096 
 (1) Distribution centers and warehouses as presented here reflect the location of the main distribution center campus and warehouse combined with their related offsite storage used to supply customers from these locations. 
 (2) These distribution centers secure our Term Loan Facility. 
 
 Retail Stores 
 
 The following table summarizes continuing operations retail stores utilized by our Retail segment as of July 29, 2023: 
 Retail Banner Number of Stores Owned Square Footage Leased Square Footage Total Square Footage (square footage in thousands) Cub Foods (1) 
 54 1,194 2,517 3,711 Shoppers 24 1,355 1,355 Total 78 1,194 3,872 5,066 
 (1) Cub Foods stores include stores in which we have a controlling ownership interest and excludes 32 franchised Cub Foods full-line and separate liquor stores in which we have no ownership interest or a minority interest. 
 
 Corporate 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had approximately 600 thousand square feet, 86 of which was leased, of surplus retail stores and warehouses, excluding assigned leases. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, we utilized approximately 454 thousand square feet of office space primarily related to our corporate offices located in Providence, Rhode Island and Eden Prairie, Minnesota, as well as other smaller administrative offices across the United States. We own approximately 240 thousand square feet and lease the remaining 214 thousand square feet of our corporate office space. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in routine litigation or other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business, including investigations and claims regarding employment law including wage and hour, pension plans, unfair labor practices, labor union disputes, supplier, customer and service provider contract terms, product liability, real estate and antitrust. Other than as set forth in Note 17 Commitments, Contingencies and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report, which is incorporated herein, there are no pending material legal proceedings to which we are a party or to which our property is subject. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II. 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information, Holders and Dividends 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol UNFI . 
 
 On September 21, 2023, we had 79 stockholders of record. 
 
 We have never paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and we have no current intention to pay cash dividends. Our future dividend policy will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors. Our Term Loan Facility, ABL Credit Facility and Senior Notes contain terms that limit our ability to make cash dividends. 
 
 Comparative Stock Performance 
 
 The following graph compares the yearly change in cumulative total stockholder returns on our common stock for the last five fiscal years with the cumulative return on the Standard Poor s S P SmallCap 600 Index and the S P SmallCap 600 Food Distributors Index. The comparison assumes the investment of 100 on July 28, 2018 in our common stock and in each of the indices and, in each case, assumes reinvestment of all dividends. The stock price performance shown below is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or the Exchange Act. 
 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among United Natural Foods, Inc., the S P SmallCap 600, the S P SmallCap 600 Food Distributors (1) 
 
 (1) Our selected industry peer group is the S P SmallCap 600 Food Distributors Index, which includes SpartanNash Company, The Andersons, Inc., The Chef s Warehouse, Inc. and United Natural Foods, Inc. 
 July 28, 2018 August 3, 2019 August 1, 2020 July 31, 2021 July 30, 2022 July 29, 2023 United Natural Foods, Inc. 100.00 25.90 61.06 101.88 130.76 63.73 S P SmallCap 600 Index 100.00 91.48 85.79 134.64 126.24 131.70 S P SmallCap 600 Food Distributors Index 100.00 56.80 58.18 95.58 129.29 104.97 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On September 21, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a new repurchase program for up to 200 million of our common stock over a term of four years (the 2022 Repurchase Program ). Under the 2022 Repurchase Program, we repurchased approximately 1,888,000 shares of our common stock for a total cost of 62 million in fiscal 2023. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in fiscal 2022 or 2021. As of July 29, 2023, we had 138 million remaining authorized under the 2022 Repurchase Program. 
 
 Any repurchases are intended to be made in accordance with applicable securities laws from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. With respect to open market purchases, we may use a plan or plans meeting the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which allows us to repurchase shares during periods when we otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed blackout periods. We manage the timing of any repurchases in response to market conditions and other relevant factors, including any limitations on our ability to make repurchases under the terms of our ABL Credit Facility, Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents purchases of our common stock and related information for each of the months in the quarter ended July 29, 2023: 
 (in millions, except shares and per share amounts) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 Period (1) : 
 April 30, 2023 to June 3, 2023 599,506 27.09 599,506 143 June 4, 2023 to July 1, 2023 191,115 24.59 191,115 138 July 2, 2023 to July 29, 2023 138 Total 
 790,621 26.49 790,621 138 
 
 (1) The reported periods conform to our fiscal calendar. 
 (2) The amounts shown in this column represent the amount remaining under the 2022 Repurchase Program as of June 3, 2023, July 1, 2023 and July 29, 2023. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto, Risk Factors included in Part I, Item IA, Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and other risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. In some cases you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, seek, should, will and would, or similar words. Statements that contain these words and other statements that are forward-looking in nature should be read carefully because they discuss future expectations, contain projections of future results of operations or of financial positions or state other forward-looking information. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve inherent uncertainty and may ultimately prove to be incorrect. These statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions, which are based on currently available information. These assumptions could prove inaccurate. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or actual operating results. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 our dependence on principal customers; 
 the relatively low margins of our business, which are sensitive to inflationary and deflationary pressures and intense competition, including as a result of the continuing consolidation of retailers and the growth of consumer choices for grocery and consumable purchases; 
 our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our transformation initiatives; 
 changes in relationships with our suppliers; 
 our ability to operate, and rely on third parties to operate, reliable and secure technology systems; 
 labor and other workforce shortages and challenges; 
 the addition or loss of significant customers or material changes to our relationships with these customers; 
 our ability to realize anticipated benefits of our acquisitions; 
 our ability to continue to grow sales, including of our higher margin natural and organic foods and non-food products, and to manage that growth; 
 our ability to maintain sufficient volume in our wholesale segment to support our operating infrastructure; 
 the impact and duration of any pandemics or disease outbreaks; 
 our ability to access additional capital; 
 increases in healthcare, pension and other costs under our and multiemployer benefit plans; 
 the potential for additional asset impairment charges; 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 our sensitivity to general economic conditions including inflation, changes in disposable income levels and consumer purchasing habits; 
 our ability to timely and successfully deploy our warehouse management system throughout our distribution centers and our transportation management system across the Company and to achieve efficiencies and cost savings from these efforts; 
 the potential for disruptions in our supply chain or our distribution capabilities from circumstances beyond our control, including due to lack of long-term contracts, severe weather, labor shortages or work stoppages or otherwise; 
 moderated supplier promotional activity, including decreased forward buying opportunities; 
 union-organizing activities that could cause labor relations difficulties and increased costs; 
 our ability to maintain food quality and safety; and 
 volatility in fuel costs. 
 
 You should carefully review the risks described under Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A, as well as any other cautionary language in this Annual Report, as the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect, which may be material, on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 UNFI is a leading distributor of grocery and non-food products, and support services provider to retailers in the United States and Canada. We believe we are uniquely positioned to provide the broadest array of products and services to customers throughout North America. Our diversified customer base includes over 30,000 customer locations ranging from some of the largest grocers in the country to smaller independents as well. We offer approximately 250,000 products consisting of national, regional and private label brands grouped into the following main product categories: grocery and general merchandise; perishables; frozen foods; wellness and personal care items; and bulk and foodservice products. We believe we are North America s premier grocery wholesaler with 55 distribution centers and warehouses representing approximately 30 million square feet of warehouse space. We are a coast-to-coast distributor with customers in all 50 states as well as all ten provinces in Canada, making us a desirable partner for retailers and consumer product manufacturers. We believe our total product assortment and service offerings are unmatched by our wholesale competitors. We plan to continue to pursue new business opportunities with independent retailers that operate diverse formats, regional and national chains, as well as international customers with wide-ranging needs. Our business is classified into two reportable segments: Wholesale and Retail; and also includes a manufacturing division and a branded product line division. 
 
 We are focused on executing our transformation strategy, which we believe will position us for long-term profitable growth. Our enterprise-wide business transformation strategy consists of four areas, detailed under Business included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report, which represent the next evolution of our business strategy. To enable this business transformation, we have engaged consultants and brought in new leadership with transformation experience to upgrade and modernize our technology and platforms to better serve our customers. 
 
 We are also working on near-term initiatives to help improve profitability while we execute our longer-term strategy. These include actioning administrative structure efficiencies, reprioritizing our selling and administrative spending, optimizing our SKU assortment as well as reviewing commercial contracts in collaboration with our customers and suppliers. 
 
 We expect to continue to use available capital to re-invest in our business and we remain committed to improving our financial leverage and reducing outstanding debt over the long term. Since the close of our 2018 acquisition of Supervalu, we have reduced net debt by 1.4 billion. 
 
 We believe we can enhance our profitability and accelerate our growth through our transformation efforts, which we expect will improve our cost structure, increase sales of products and services, and position us to provide tailored, data-driven solutions to help our customers run their businesses more efficiently and contribute to customer acquisitions. We believe the key drivers for value creation will be improved efficiency through the automation and optimization of our supply chain, as well as new customer growth associated with the benefits of our significant scale, product and service offerings and nationwide footprint. 
 
 Trends and Other Factors Affecting our Business 
 
 Our results are impacted by macroeconomic and demographic trends, changes in the food distribution market structure and changes in consumer behavior. We believe food-at-home expenditures as a percentage of total food expenditures are subject to these trends, including changes in consumer behaviors in response to social and economic trends, such as levels of disposable income and the health of the economy in which our customers and our stores operate. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

The U.S. economy has experienced economic volatility in recent years, which has had, and we expect may continue to have, an impact on consumer confidence. Consumer spending may be impacted by levels of discretionary income and consumers trading down to a less expensive mix of products for grocery items or buying fewer items. In addition, inflation remains at elevated levels and continues to be unpredictable. For example, we experienced volatility in our energy operating costs, and fluctuating commodity and labor input costs continue to impact the prices of products we procure from manufacturers. We believe our product mix, which ranges from high-quality natural and organic products to national and local conventional brands, including cost conscious private label brands, positions us to serve a broad cross section of North American retailers and end customers, and may lessen the impact of any further shifts in consumer and industry trends in grocery product mix. 
 
 We are also impacted by changes in food distribution trends affecting our Wholesale customers, such as direct store deliveries and other methods of distribution. Our Wholesale customers manage their businesses independently and operate in a competitive environment. 
 
 Wholesale Distribution Center Network 
 
 We evaluate our distribution center network to optimize performance and expect to incur incremental expenses related to any future network realignment, expansion or improvements, including initiatives under the network automation and optimization pillar of our transformation agenda. We are working to both minimize these potential future costs and obtain new business to further improve the efficiency of our transforming distribution network. In fiscal 2022, our Allentown, Pennsylvania distribution center began operations, with a capacity of 1.3 million square feet to service customers in the surrounding geographic area. We incurred start-up costs and continue to incur operating losses, as the volume in this facility continues to ramp up to its operating capacity. 
 
 Retail Operations 
 
 We currently operate 78 retail grocery stores, including 54 Cub Foods corporate stores and 24 Shoppers Food Warehouse stores. In addition, we supply another 26 Cub Foods stores operated by our Wholesale customers through franchise and equity ownership arrangements. We operate 81 pharmacies primarily within the stores we operate and the stores of our franchisees. In addition, we operate 25 Cub Wine and Spirit and Cub Liquor stores. 
 
 We plan to continue to invest in our Retail segment in areas such as customer-facing merchandising initiatives, physical facilities, technology and operational tools. Cub Foods and Shoppers Food Warehouse anticipate continued investment in improving the customer and associate experience through express remodels focused on customer facing elements. 
 
 Impact of Product Cost Inflation 
 
 We experienced a mix of inflation across product categories during fiscal 2023. In the aggregate across our businesses, including the mix of products, management estimates our businesses experienced product cost inflation of approximately nine percent in fiscal 2023. Cost inflation estimates are based on individual like items sold during the periods being compared. Changes in merchandising, customer buying habits and competitive pressures create inherent difficulties in measuring the impact of inflation on Net sales and Gross profit. Absent any changes in units sold or the mix of units sold, inflation generally has the effect of increasing sales. Under the last-in, first out LIFO method of inventory accounting, product cost increases are recognized within Cost of sales based on expected year-end inventory quantities and costs, which generally has the effect of decreasing Gross profit and the carrying value of inventory during periods of inflation. 
 
 Our pricing to our customers is determined at the time of sale primarily based on the then prevailing vendor listed base cost, and includes discounts we offer to our customers. Generally, in an inflationary environment as a wholesaler, rising vendor costs result in higher Net sales driven by higher vendor prices when other variables such as quantities sold and vendor promotions are constant. In the latter half of fiscal 2023, we experienced fewer and less significant vendor product cost increases as compared to fiscal 2022. These decreases negatively impacted our gross profit rate when comparing fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2022. 
 
 Composition of Consolidated Statements of Operations and Business Performance Assessment 
 
 Net sales 
 Our Net sales consist primarily of product sales of natural, organic, specialty, produce, and conventional grocery and non-food products, adjusted for customer volume discounts, vendor incentives when applicable, returns and allowances, and professional services revenue. Net sales also include amounts charged by us to customers for shipping and handling and fuel surcharges. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of sales and Gross profit 
 The principal components of our Cost of sales include the amounts paid to suppliers for product sold, plus transportation costs necessary to bring the product to, or move product between, our distribution centers and retail stores, partially offset by consideration received from suppliers in connection with the purchase or promotion of the suppliers products. 
 
 Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses include distribution expenses of warehousing, delivery, purchasing, receiving, selecting, and outbound transportation expenses, and selling and administrative expenses. These expenses include salaries and wages, employee benefits, occupancy, insurance, depreciation and amortization expense, and share-based compensation expense. 
 
 Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses 
 Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses reflect expenses resulting from restructuring activities, including severance costs, facility closure asset impairment charges and costs, share-based compensation acceleration charges and acquisition and integration related expenses. Integration related expenses include certain professional consulting expenses and incremental expenses related to combining facilities required to optimize our distribution network as a result of acquisitions. 
 
 Loss (Gain) on Sale of Assets and Other Asset Charges 
 
 Loss (gain) on sale of assets and other asset charges primarily includes losses (gains) on sales of assets, losses on sales of financial assets, and asset impairments. 
 
 Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost 
 Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost reflects the recognition of expected returns on benefit plan assets and interest costs on plan liabilities. 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net includes primarily interest expense on long-term debt, net of capitalized interest, loss on debt extinguishment, interest expense on finance lease obligations, amortization of financing costs and discounts, and interest income. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). In addition to the GAAP results, we consider certain non-GAAP financial measures to assess the performance of our business and understand underlying operating performance and core business trends, which we use to facilitate operating performance comparisons of our business on a consistent basis over time. Adjusted EBITDA is provided as a supplement to our results of operations and related analysis, and should not be considered superior to, a substitute for or an alternative to, any financial measure of performance prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain items because they are non-cash items or items that do not reflect management s assessment of ongoing business performance. 
 
 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors and financial institutions because it provides additional information regarding factors and trends affecting our business, which are used in the business planning process to understand expected operating performance, to evaluate results against those expectations, and because of its importance as a measure of underlying operating performance, as the primary compensation performance measure under certain compensation programs and plans. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is reflective of factors that affect our underlying operating performance and facilitate operating performance comparisons of our business on a consistent basis over time. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. Certain adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflected below exclude items that may be considered recurring in nature and may be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. These measurements and items may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA should be reviewed in conjunction with our results reported in accordance with GAAP in this Annual Report. 
 
 There are significant limitations to using Adjusted EBITDA as a financial measure including, but not limited to, it not reflecting the cost of cash expenditures for capital assets or certain other contractual commitments, finance lease obligation and debt service expenses, income taxes and any impacts from changes in working capital. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We define Adjusted EBITDA as a consolidated measure inclusive of continuing and discontinued operations results, which we reconcile by adding Net income (loss) from continuing operations, less Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, plus Non-operating income and expenses, including Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost, Interest expense, net and Other (income) expense, net, plus Provision (benefit) for income taxes and Depreciation and amortization all calculated in accordance with GAAP, plus adjustments for Share-based compensation, non-cash LIFO charge or benefit, Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses, Goodwill impairment charges, Loss (gain) on sale of assets and other asset charges, certain legal charges and gains, certain other non-cash charges or other items, as determined by management, plus Adjusted EBITDA of discontinued operations calculated in a manner consistent with the results of continuing operations, outlined above. The changes to the definition of Adjusted EBITDA from prior periods reflect changes to line item references in our Consolidated Financial Statements, which do not impact the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Assessment of Our Business Results 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our results of operations and Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated. 
 Increase (Decrease) (in millions) 2023 
 (52 weeks) 
 2022 
 (52 weeks) 
 2021 
 (52 weeks) 
 2023 Compared to 2022 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net sales 30,272 28,928 26,950 1,344 1,978 Cost of sales 26,141 24,746 23,011 1,395 1,735 Gross profit 4,131 4,182 3,939 (51) 243 Operating expenses 3,973 3,825 3,593 148 232 Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses 8 21 56 (13) (35) Loss (gain) on sale of assets and other asset charges 30 (87) (4) 117 (83) Operating income 120 423 294 (303) 129 Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost (29) (40) (85) 11 45 Interest expense, net 144 155 204 (11) (49) Other income, net (2) (2) (8) 6 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 7 310 183 (303) 127 (Benefit) provision for income taxes (23) 56 34 (79) 22 Net income from continuing operations 30 254 149 (224) 105 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 6 (6) Net income including noncontrolling interests 30 254 155 (224) 99 Less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (6) (6) (6) Net income attributable to United Natural Foods, Inc. 24 248 149 (224) 99 Adjusted EBITDA 640 829 770 (189) 59 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles Net income from continuing operations and Income from discontinued operations, net of tax to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 (in millions) 2023 
 (52 weeks) 
 2022 
 (52 weeks) 
 2021 
 (52 weeks) 
 Net income from continuing operations 30 254 149 Adjustments to continuing operations net income: Less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (6) (6) (6) Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost (1) 
 (29) (40) (85) Interest expense, net 144 155 204 Other income, net (2) (2) (8) (Benefit) provision for income taxes 
 (23) 56 34 Depreciation and amortization 304 285 285 Share-based compensation 38 43 49 LIFO charge 119 158 24 Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses (2) 
 8 21 56 Loss (gain) on sale of assets and other asset charges (3) 
 30 (87) (4) Multiemployer pension plan withdrawal charges (benefit) (4) 
 1 (8) 63 Other retail expense (5) 
 1 5 Business transformation costs (6) 
 25 Adjusted EBITDA of continuing operations 640 829 766 Adjusted EBITDA of discontinued operations (7) 
 4 Adjusted EBITDA 640 829 770 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax (7) 
 6 Adjustments to discontinued operations net income: Benefit for income taxes (1) Restructuring, store closure and other charges, net (8) 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA of discontinued operations (7) 
 4 
 (1) Fiscal 2021 includes a postretirement settlement gain of 17 million associated with the termination of remaining corporate plans. 
 (2) Fiscal 2023 primarily reflects severance costs. Fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 primarily reflects costs associated with advisory and transformational activities to position our business for further value-creation related to integration. In addition, fiscal 2021 includes costs associated with distribution center consolidations. Refer to Note 4 Restructuring, Acquisition and Integration Related Expenses in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 (3) Fiscal 2023 includes a 25 million intangible asset impairment charge attributable to a rationalization of our brands portfolio in an effort to focus on our core private brand offerings. Refer to Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information. Fiscal 2022 primarily reflects the gain on sale of our Riverside, California distribution center in the third quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 (4) Fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 reflect adjustments to multiemployer withdrawal charge estimates. Fiscal 2021 includes charges related to withdrawal liabilities from three Retail multiemployer pension plans. 
 (5) Fiscal 2023 reflects store closure charges and costs, operational wind-down and inventory charges. Fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 r eflect expenses associated with event-specific damages to certain retail stores. 
 (6) Reflects third-party costs primarily for business transformation initiatives, including network automation and optimization, commercial value creation, digital offering enhancement and infrastructure unification and modernization. 
 (7) We believe the inclusion of discontinued operations results within Adjusted EBITDA provides investors a meaningful measure of performance. 
 (8) Amounts represent store closure charges and costs, operational wind-down and inventory charges, asset impairment charges related to discontinued operations and income related to a severance benefit. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 The following includes a comparison of our consolidated results of operations, our segment results and financial position for fiscal years 2023 and 2022. For a comparison of our consolidated results of operations, segment results and financial position for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, see Item 7 of Part II, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2022. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Fiscal year ended July 29, 2023 (fiscal 2023) compared to fiscal year ended July 30, 2022 (fiscal 2022) 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Our Net sales by customer channel was as follows (in millions except percentages): 
 2023 
 (52 weeks) 
 2022 
 (52 weeks) 
 Increase (Decrease) Customer Channel (1) 
 Chains 12,816 12,562 254 2.0 Independent retailers 7,699 7,360 339 4.6 Supernatural 6,374 5,719 655 11.5 Retail 2,480 2,468 12 0.5 Other 2,477 2,402 75 3.1 Eliminations (1,574) (1,583) 9 (0.6) Total net sales 30,272 28,928 1,344 4.6 
 (1) Refer to Note 3 Revenue Recognition in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for our channel definitions and additional information. 
 
 Our Net sales for fiscal 2023 increased 4.6 from fiscal 2022. The increase in Net sales for fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by inflation and new business. This new business resulted from selling new or expanded categories to existing customers and adding new customers. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in units sold. 
 
 Chains Net sales increased primarily due to growth in sales to existing and new customers, including an increase from higher product costs, which drove higher wholesale selling prices to our customers, partially offset by a decrease in units sold. 
 
 Independent retailers Net sales increased primarily due to increased sales under a supply agreement with a new customer within the East region commencing in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 and growth in sales to existing customers, including an increase from higher product costs, which drove higher wholesale selling prices to our customers, partially offset by a decrease in units sold. 
 
 Supernatural Net sales increased primarily due to growth in existing store sales, including the supply of new fresh categories, inflation, and increased sales to new stores, partially offset by a decrease in units sold to existing stores. 
 
 Retail Net sales increased primarily due to inflation and new store sales, partially offset by lower volume. Identical store sales decreased 0.9 . 
 
 Other Net sales increased primarily due to a 49 million increase in sales to Military customers. 
 
 Eliminations Net sales primarily relate to Wholesale s sales to Retail. 
 
 Cost of Sales and Gross Profit 
 
 Our Gross profit decreased 51 million, or 1.2 , to 4,131 million in fiscal 2023, from 4,182 million in fiscal 2022. Our Gross profit as a percentage of Net sales decreased to 13.6 in fiscal 2023 compared to 14.5 in fiscal 2022. The LIFO charge was 119 million and 158 million in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. Excluding the non-cash LIFO charge, gross profit rate was 14.0 of Net sales and 15.0 of Net sales for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. The decrease in the gross profit rate, excluding the LIFO charge, was primarily driven by lower levels of procurement gains resulting from decelerating inflation, higher shrink expense and customer mix. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses increased 148 million, or 3.9 , to 3,973 million, or 13.1 of Net sales, in fiscal 2023 compared to 3,825 million, or 13.2 of Net sales, in fiscal 2022. The decrease in Operating expenses as a percentage of Net sales was primarily driven by approximately 52 million lower incentive compensation expense in fiscal 2023 resulting from underperformance compared to targets. Excluding incentive compensation expense, Operating expenses as a percentage of Net sales were 13.1 and 13.0 in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. The remaining increase in Operating expenses as a percent of Net sales was primarily driven by higher occupancy-related costs. 
 
 Restructuring, Acquisition and Integration Related Expenses 
 
 Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses were 8 million for fiscal 2023, compared to 21 million for fiscal 2022. Fiscal 2022 expenses primarily included integration costs associated with transformational and advisory activities to position our business for further value creation. 
 
 Loss (Gain) on Sale of Assets and Other Asset Charges 
 
 Loss on sale of assets and other asset charges was 30 million in fiscal 2023, compared to a gain on sale of assets of 87 million in fiscal 2022. Fiscal 2023 includes a 25 million intangible asset impairment charge related to a rationalization of our brands portfolio in an effort to focus on our core private brand offerings. Fiscal 2022 primarily reflects the 87 million gain on sale of our Riverside, California distribution center. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 Reflecting the factors described above, Operating income decreased 303 million to 120 million in fiscal 2023, from 423 million in fiscal 2022. The decrease in Operating income was primarily driven by an increase in Operating expenses, a loss on sale of assets and other asset charges in fiscal 2023 compared to a gain in fiscal 2022 as described above, and a decrease in Gross profit, partially offset by lower Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses. 
 
 Net Periodic Benefit Income, Excluding Service Cost 
 
 Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost decreased 11 million to 29 million in fiscal 2023, from 40 million in fiscal 2022. The decrease in Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost was primarily driven by higher interest costs from a higher discount rate utilized in the measurement of pension liabilities, partially offset by 13 million of higher income from expected returns on plan assets. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 (in millions) 2023 
 (52 weeks) 
 2022 
 (52 weeks) 
 Increase (Decrease) Interest expense on long-term debt, net of capitalized interest 130 126 4 Interest expense on finance lease obligations 3 11 (8) Amortization of financing costs and discounts 10 12 (2) Loss on debt extinguishment 3 7 (4) Interest income (2) (1) (1) Interest expense, net 144 155 (11) 
 
 The decrease in Interest expense, net for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by lower outstanding debt balances and finance leases, partially offset by higher average interest rates. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 The effective income tax rate for continuing operations was a benefit rate of 328.6 in fiscal 2023 compared to an expense rate of 18.1 in fiscal 2022. For fiscal 2023, the effective tax rate was impacted by solar credits, including the tax credit impact of a fiscal 2023 investment in an equity method partnership and solar credits associated with a solar array installation at the Company s Howell Township, New Jersey facility. The effective tax rate was also impacted by the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and excess tax deductions attributable to share-based compensation. The combined impact of these fiscal 2023 tax benefits exceeded pre-tax income, generating an overall tax benefit rate for fiscal 2023. For fiscal 2022, the effective tax rate was reduced by the impact of discrete tax benefits related to employee stock awards and the release of unrecognized tax positions, partially offset by non-deductible executive compensation. 
 
 Net Income Attributable to United Natural Foods, Inc. 
 
 Reflecting the factors described in more detail above, Net income attributable to United Natural Foods, Inc. was 24 million, or 0.40 per diluted common share, in fiscal 2023, compared to 248 million, or 4.07 per diluted common share, in fiscal 2022. 

Segment Results of Operations 
 
 In evaluating financial performance in each business segment, management primarily uses Net sales and Adjusted EBITDA of its business segments as discussed and reconciled within Note 16 Business Segments within Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report and the above table within the Executive Overview section. The following tables set forth Net sales and Adjusted EBITDA by segment for the periods indicated. 
 Increase (Decrease) (in millions) 2023 
 (52 weeks) 
 2022 
 (52 weeks) 
 2021 
 (52 weeks) 
 2023 Compared to 2022 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net sales: Wholesale 29,142 27,824 25,873 1,318 1,951 Retail 2,480 2,468 2,442 12 26 Other 224 219 219 5 Eliminations (1,574) (1,583) (1,584) 9 1 Total Net sales 30,272 28,928 26,950 1,344 1,978 Continuing operations Adjusted EBITDA: Wholesale 540 696 677 (156) 19 Retail 70 98 98 (28) Other 31 44 (10) (13) 54 Eliminations (1) (9) 1 8 (10) Total continuing operations Adjusted EBITDA 640 829 766 (189) 63 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Wholesale s Net sales increased in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to growth in the Supernatural, Independent retailers, and Chains channels, as discussed in Results of Operations - Fiscal year ended July 29, 2023 (fiscal 2023) compared to fiscal year ended July 30, 2022 (fiscal 2022) - Net Sales section above. 
 
 Retail s Net sales increased for fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to inflation and new store sales, partially offset by lower volume. Identical store sales decreased 0.9 . 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 Wholesale s Adjusted EBITDA decreased 22 in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. The decrease was driven by a decline in gross profit excluding the LIFO charge and an increase in operating expenses. Wholesale s Gross profit excluding the LIFO charge for fiscal 2023 decreased 81 million and gross profit rate decreased 87 basis points driven by lower levels of procurement gains resulting from decelerating inflation, higher shrink expense and customer mix. Wholesale s Operating expense increased 75 million, which excludes depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation and other adjustments as outlined in Note 16 Business Segments in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Wholesale s operating expense rate decreased 22 basis points primarily driven by lower incentive compensation expense resulting from underperformance compared to targets and favorable transportation and distribution center labor costs due to a decrease in volume, partially offset by higher occupancy costs. Wholesale s depreciation expense increased 9 million compared to fiscal 2022. 
 
 Retail s Adjusted EBITDA decreased 29 in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. Retail s Gross profit dollar decline excluding the LIFO charge in fiscal 2023 was 15 million and its gross profit rate decreased 74 basis points from higher shrink expense and increased promotional activity. Retail s Operating expense increased 13 million, which excludes depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation and other adjustments as outlined in Note 16 Business Segments in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Retail s operating expense rate increased 41 basis points primarily driven by higher employee-related costs and new store start-up costs. Retail s depreciation and amortization expense increased 7 million compared to fiscal 2022. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Highlights 
 
 Total liquidity as of July 29, 2023 was 1,517 million and consisted of the following: 
 Unused credit under our 2,600 million asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Credit Facility was 1,480 million as of July 29, 2023, which decreased 147 million from 1,627 million as of July 30, 2022, primarily due to reduced total availability under the ABL Credit Facility driven by lower levels of assets comprising the facility s borrowing base. 
 Cash and cash equivalents was 37 million as of July 29, 2023, which decreased 7 million from 44 million as of July 30, 2022. 
 Our total debt decreased 160 million to 1,963 million as of July 29, 2023 from 2,123 million as of July 30, 2022, primarily driven by debt repayments from net cash flow from operating activities, partially offset by payments for capital expenditures, repurchases of common stock and employee restricted stock tax withholdings during fiscal 2023. 
 Working capital decreased 322 million to 1,058 million as of July 29, 2023 from 1,380 million as of July 30, 2022, primarily due to lower accounts receivable levels resulting from the monetization of certain receivables and lower inventory levels, partially offset by lower liabilities related to accrued compensation and benefits. 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we monetized certain receivables previously presented within accounts receivable, pursuant to a purchase agreement with a third-party financial institution for the sale of certain receivables on a revolving basis up to 300 million. This purchase agreement was subsequently amended in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 to allow the sale of certain receivables up to 350 million. In fiscal 2023, we received net cash proceeds of 287 million from selling receivables under this agreement, which were used to make a 125 million voluntary prepayment on the Term Loan Facility and reduce outstanding borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility. 
 In fiscal 2024, scheduled debt maturities are expected to be 8 million. Based on our Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) at the end of fiscal 2023, no prepayment from Excess Cash Flow in fiscal 2023 is required to be made in fiscal 2024. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 We expect to continue to replenish operating assets and pay down debt obligations with internally generated funds. A significant reduction in operating earnings or the incurrence of operating losses could have a negative impact on our operating cash flow, which may limit our ability to pay down our outstanding indebtedness as planned. Our credit facilities are secured by a substantial portion of our total assets. We expect to be able to fund debt maturities and finance lease liabilities through fiscal 2024 with internally generated funds and borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility. 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are from internally generated funds and from borrowing capacity under the ABL Credit Facility. We believe our short-term and long-term financing abilities are adequate as a supplement to internally generated cash flows to satisfy debt obligations and fund capital expenditures as opportunities arise. Our continued access to short-term and long-term financing through credit markets depends on numerous factors, including the condition of the credit markets and our results of operations, cash flows, financial position and credit ratings. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Primary uses of cash include debt service, capital expenditures, working capital maintenance, investments in cloud technologies and income tax payments. We typically finance working capital needs with cash provided from operating activities and short-term borrowings. Inventories are managed primarily through demand forecasting and replenishing depleted inventories. 
 
 We currently do not pay a dividend on our common stock. In addition, we are limited in the aggregate amount of dividends that we may pay under the terms of our Term Loan Facility, ABL Credit Facility and our 500 million of unsecured 6.750 senior notes due October 15, 2028 (the Senior Notes ). Subject to certain limitations contained in our debt agreements and as market conditions warrant, we may from time to time refinance indebtedness that we have incurred, including through the incurrence or repayment of loans under existing or new credit facilities or the issuance or repayment of debt securities. Proceeds from the sale of any properties mortgaged and encumbered under our Term Loan Facility are required to be used to make additional Term Loan Facility payments or to be reinvested in the business. 
 
 Long-Term Debt 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we made voluntary prepayments of 130 million on the Term Loan Facility with a portion of the proceeds received from monetizing certain receivables previously presented within accounts receivable, and from asset sales, and made net payments of 28 million on the ABL Credit Facility. Refer to Note 9 Long-Term Debt in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for a detailed discussion of the provisions of our credit facilities and certain long-term debt agreements. 
 
 Our Term Loan Agreement and Senior Notes do not include any financial maintenance covenants. Our ABL Loan Agreement subjects us to a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.0 to 1.0 calculated at the end of each of our fiscal quarters on a rolling four quarter basis, if the adjusted aggregate availability is ever less than the greater of (i) 210 million and (ii) 10 of the aggregate borrowing base. We have not been subject to the fixed charge coverage ratio covenant under the ABL Loan Agreement, including through the filing date of this Annual Report. The Term Loan Agreement, Senior Notes and ABL Loan Agreement contain certain operational and informational covenants customary for debt securities of these types that limit our and our restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur debt, declare or pay dividends or make other distributions to our stockholders, transfer or sell assets, create liens on our assets, engage in transactions with affiliates, and merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of our and our subsidiaries assets on a consolidated basis. We were in compliance with all such covenants for all periods presented. If we fail to comply with any of these covenants, we may be in default under the applicable debt agreement, and all amounts due thereunder may become immediately due and payable. 
 
 Refer to Note 9 Long-Term Debt in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further detail of our scheduled debt maturities by fiscal year and by debt instrument, which excludes debt prepayments that may be required from Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) generated or sales of mortgaged properties in fiscal 2024 or beyond. Based on our Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement) at the end of fiscal 2023, no prepayment from Excess Cash Flow in fiscal 2023 is required to be made in fiscal 2024. 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging Activity 
 
 We enter into interest rate swap contracts from time to time to mitigate our exposure to changes in market interest rates as part of our strategy to manage our debt portfolio to achieve an overall desired position of notional debt amounts subject to fixed and floating interest rates. Interest rate swap contracts are entered into for periods consistent with related underlying exposures and do not constitute positions independent of those exposures. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had an aggregate of 800 million of floating rate notional debt subject to active interest rate swap contracts, which effectively hedge the SOFR component of our interest rate payments through pay fixed and receive floating interest rate swap agreements. These fixed rates range from 2.360 to 2.875 , with maturities between September 2023 and October 2025. The fair values of these interest rate derivatives represent a total net asset of 22 million and are subject to volatility based on changes in market interest rates. In fiscal 2021, we paid 17 million to terminate or novate 1,204 million of interest rate swap contracts over our floating rate notional debt. The termination payments reflect the amount of accumulated other comprehensive loss that will continue to be amortized into interest expense over the original interest rate swap contract terms as long as the hedged interest rate transactions are still probable of occurring. See Note 8 Derivatives in Part II, Item 8 and Interest Rate Risk in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 
 From time-to-time, we enter into fixed price fuel supply agreements and foreign currency hedges . As of July 29, 2023, we had fixed price fuel contracts and foreign currency forward agreements outstanding. Gains and losses and the outstanding assets and liabilities from these arrangements are insignificant. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Payments for Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our capital expenditures increased 72 million in fiscal 2023 to 323 million compared to 251 million for fiscal 2022, primarily due to automation investments in our supply chain. Our capital spending for fiscal 2023 and 2022 principally included information technology and supply chain expenditures including maintenance expenditures and investments in growth initiatives. Fiscal 2023 included 290 million of distribution center improvements, technology and other expenditures, and 33 million of Retail expenditures. Fiscal 2022 included 182 million of distribution center improvements, technology and other expenditures, 42 million of investments in new distribution centers, primarily the new Allentown, Pennsylvania distribution center, and 27 million of Retail expenditures. Fiscal 2024 capital spending is expected to be approximately 400 million and include projects that automate, optimize and expand our distribution network, and finance our technology platform investments. We expect to finance fiscal 2024 capital expenditures requirements with cash generated from operations and borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility. Future investments may be financed through long-term debt or borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility and cash from operations. 
 
 Cash Flow Information 
 
 The following summarizes our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 
 Increase (Decrease) (in millions) 2023 
 (52 weeks) 
 2022 
 (52 weeks) 
 2021 
 (52 weeks) 
 2023 
 2022 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations 624 331 614 293 (283) Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations (339) (49) (239) (290) 190 Net cash used in financing activities (292) (279) (384) (13) 105 Net cash flows from discontinued operations 2 (2) Effect of exchange rate on cash 1 (1) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (7) 3 (6) (10) 9 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period 44 41 47 3 (6) Cash and cash equivalents at end of period, including discontinued operations 37 44 41 (7) 3 
 
 Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022 
 
 The increase in Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations was primarily due to lower levels of cash utilized in net working capital, including the monetization of certain receivables discussed above, partially offset by lower cash generated from net income in fiscal 2023. 
 
 The increase in Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations was primarily due to lower proceeds from asset sales, primarily due to cash received from the sale of the Riverside, California distribution center in fiscal 2022 discussed above, and an increase in payments for capital expenditures in fiscal 2023. 
 
 The increase in Net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to a net decrease in proceeds from borrowings under the revolving credit line and an increase in cash used to repurchase common stock, partially offset by lower levels of repayments of long-term debt and finance leases. 
 
 Other Obligations and Commitments 
 
 Our principal contractual obligations and commitments consist of obligations under our long-term debt, interest on long-term debt, operating and finance leases, purchase obligations, self-insurance liabilities and multiemployer plan withdrawal liabilities. 
 
 Refer to Note 9 Long-Term Debt, Note 11 Leases, Note 13 Benefit Plans, Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies and Note 17 Commitments, Contingencies and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information on the nature and timing of obligations for debt, leases, benefit plans, self-insurance and purchase obligations, respectively. The future amount and timing of interest expense payments are expected to vary with the amount and then prevailing contractual interest rates over our debt as discussed in Interest Rate Risk in Part II, Item 7A of this Annual Report. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Obligations 
 
 We contributed 1 million and 1 million to our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans, respectively, in fiscal 2023. As described in further detail in Note 13 Benefit Plans in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report, in fiscal 2022, we merged the Unified Grocers, Inc. Cash Balance Plan into the SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan. In fiscal 2024, no minimum pension contributions are required to be made under the SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ). An insignificant amount of contributions are expected to be made to defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans in fiscal 2024. We fund our defined benefit pension plan based on the minimum contribution required under ERISA, the Pension Protection Act of 2006 and other applicable laws and additional contributions made at our discretion. We may accelerate contributions or undertake contributions in excess of the minimum requirements from time to time subject to the availability of cash in excess of operating and financing needs or other factors as may be applicable. We assess the relative attractiveness of the use of cash to accelerate contributions considering such factors as expected return on assets, discount rates, cost of debt, reducing or eliminating required Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation variable rate premiums or in order to achieve exemption from participant notices of underfunding. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Multiemployer Pension Arrangements 
 
 We contribute to various multiemployer pension plans under collective bargaining agreements, primarily defined benefit pension plans. These multiemployer plans generally provide retirement benefits to participants based on their service to contributing employers. The benefits are paid from assets held in trust for that purpose. Plan trustees typically are responsible for determining the level of benefits to be provided to participants as well as the investment of the assets and plan administration. Trustees are appointed in equal number by employers and unions that are parties to the relevant collective bargaining agreements. Based on the assessment of the most recent information available from the multiemployer plans, we believe that most of the plans to which we contribute are underfunded. We are only one of a number of employers contributing to these plans and the underfunding is not a direct obligation or liability to us. 
 
 Our contributions can fluctuate from year to year due to store closures, employer participation within the respective plans and reductions in headcount. Our contributions to these plans could increase in the near term. However, the amount of any increase or decrease in contributions will depend on a variety of factors, including the results of our collective bargaining efforts, investment returns on the assets held in the plans, actions taken by the trustees who manage the plans and requirements under the Pension Protection Act of 2006, the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act and Section 412(e) of the Internal Revenue Code. Furthermore, if we were to significantly reduce contributions, exit certain markets or otherwise cease making contributions to these plans, we could trigger a partial or complete withdrawal that could require us to record a withdrawal liability obligation and make withdrawal liability payments to the fund. Expense is recognized in connection with these plans as contributions are funded, in accordance with GAAP. We made contributions to these plans, and recognized expense of 48 million, 45 million and 48 million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In fiscal 2024, we expect to contribute approximately 50 million to multiemployer plans, subject to the outcome of collective bargaining and capital market conditions. We expect required cash payments to fund multiemployer pension plans from which we have withdrawn to be insignificant in any one fiscal year, which would exclude any payments that may be agreed to on a lump sum basis to satisfy existing withdrawal liabilities. Any future withdrawal liability would be recorded when it is probable that a liability exists and can be reasonably estimated, in accordance with GAAP. Any triggered withdrawal obligation could result in a material charge and payment obligations that would be required to be made over an extended period of time. 
 
 We also make contributions to multiemployer health and welfare plans in amounts set forth in the related collective bargaining agreements. A small minority of collective bargaining agreements contain reserve requirements that may trigger unanticipated contributions resulting in increased healthcare expenses. If these healthcare provisions cannot be renegotiated in a manner that reduces the prospective healthcare cost as we intend, our Operating expenses could increase in the future. 
 
 Refer to Note 13 Benefit Plans in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information regarding the plans in which we participate. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 In September 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a new repurchase program for up to 200 million of our common stock over a term of four years (the 2022 Repurchase Program ). Under the 2022 Repurchase Program, we repurchased approximately 1,888,000 shares of our common stock for a total cost of 62 million in fiscal 2023. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in fiscal 2022 or 2021. As of July 29, 2023, we had 138 million remaining authorized under the 2022 Repurchase Program. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 We will manage the timing of any repurchases of our common stock in response to market conditions and other relevant factors, including any limitations on our ability to make repurchases under the terms of our ABL Credit Facility, Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes. We may implement the 2022 Repurchase Program pursuant to a plan or plans meeting the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management believes the following critical accounting estimates reflect our more subjective or complex judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Inventories 
 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Substantially all of our inventories consist of finished goods. Inventories are recorded net of vendor allowances and cash discounts. We evaluate inventory shortages (shrink) throughout each fiscal year based on actual physical counts in our facilities. The majority of our inventory is valued under the LIFO method, which allows for matching of costs and revenues, as the current acquisition cost is used to value cost of goods sold as inventory is sold in an inflationary environment. If the first-in, first-out FIFO method had been used, Inventories, net, would have been higher by approximately 344 million and 225 million at July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. As of July 29, 2023, approximately 2.0 billion or 81 of inventory was valued under the LIFO method, before the application of any LIFO reserve, and primarily included grocery, frozen food and general merchandise products, with the remaining inventory valued under the first-in, first-out method and primarily included meat, dairy and deli products. When holding inventory levels and mix constant, as of July 29, 2023, we estimate a 50 basis point increase in the inflation rate on our ending LIFO-based inventory would result in an 8 million increase in the LIFO charge on an annualized basis. 
 
 Vendor funds 
 
 We receive funds from many of the vendors whose products we buy for resale. These vendor funds are generally provided to increase the purchasing and sell-through of the related products. We receive vendor funds for a variety of merchandising activities: placement of the vendors products in our advertising; display of the vendors products in prominent locations in our stores; support for the introduction of new products into our stores and distribution centers; exclusivity rights in certain categories; and compensation for temporary price reductions offered on products held for sale. We also receive vendor funds for buying activities such as volume commitment rebates, credits for purchasing products in advance of their need and cash discounts for the early payment of merchandise purchases. The majority of our vendor fund contracts have terms of less than a year, although some of the contracts have terms of longer than one year. 
 
 We recognize vendor funds for merchandising activities as a reduction of Cost of sales when the related products are sold, unless it has been determined that a discrete identifiable benefit has been provided to the vendor, in which case the related amounts are recognized within Net sales and represent less than 0.5 of total Net sales. Vendor funds that have been earned as a result of completing the required performance under the terms of the underlying agreements but for which the product has not yet been sold are recognized as reductions to the value of on-hand inventory. 
 
 The amount and timing of recognition of vendor funds as well as the amount of vendor funds to be recognized as a reduction to ending inventory requires management judgment and estimates. Management determines these amounts based on estimates of current year purchase volume using forecast and historical data and a review of average inventory turnover data. These judgments and estimates impact our reported Gross profit, Operating income and inventory amounts. The historical estimates have been reliable in the past, and we believe our methodology will continue to be reliable in the future. Based on previous experience, we do not expect significant changes in the level of vendor support. However, if such changes were to occur, Cost of sales and Net sales could change, depending on the specific vendors involved. If vendor advertising allowances were substantially reduced or eliminated, we would consider changing the volume, type and frequency of the advertising, which could increase or decrease our advertising exp ense. 
 
 Benefit plans 
 
 We sponsor pension and other postretirement plans in various forms covering substantially all employees who meet eligibility requirements. Pension benefits associated with these plans are generally based on each participant s years of service, compensation, and age at retirement or termination. Our defined benefit pension plan and certain supplemental executive retirement plans are closed to new participants and service crediting. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

While we believe the valuation methods used to determine the fair value of plan assets are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 
 
 The determination of our obligation and related expense for Company-sponsored pension and other postretirement benefits is dependent, in part, on management s selection of certain actuarial assumptions used in calculating these amounts. These assumptions include, among other things, the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. We measure our defined benefit pension and other postretirement plan obligations as of the nearest calendar month end. Refer to Note 13 Benefit Plans in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for information related to the actuarial assumptions used in determining pension and postretirement healthcare liabilities and expenses. 
 
 Discount rates 
 
 We review and select the discount rate to be used in connection with our pension and other postretirement obligations annually. The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the associated liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year. We set our rate to reflect the yield of a portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments that would produce cash flows sufficient in timing and amount to settle projected future benefits. 
 
 We utilize the full yield curve approach for determining the interest and service cost components of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Under this method, the discount rate assumption used in the interest and service cost components of net periodic benefit cost is built through applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation described above, to the relevant projected future cash flows of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. We believe the full yield curve approach reflects a greater correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding yield curve spot rates and provides a more precise measurement of interest and service costs. Each 25-basis point reduction in the discount rate would increase our projected pension benefit obligation by 37 million, as of July 29, 2023, and for fiscal 2023 would increase Net periodic benefit income by approximately 3 million. 
 
 Expected rate of return on plan assets 
 
 Our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption is determined based on the portfolio s actual and target composition, current market conditions, forward-looking return and risk assumptions by asset class, and historical long-term investment performance. The assumed long-term rate of return on pension assets was 6.00 for fiscal 2023. The 10-year rolling average annualized return for the SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan is approximately 7.9 based on returns from 2014 to 2023. Each 25-basis point reduction in expected return on plan assets would decrease Net periodic benefit income for fiscal 2023 by approximately 4 million. 
 
 Amortizing gains and losses 
 
 In accordance with GAAP, actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, affect expense and obligations in future periods. We recognize the amortization of net actuarial loss on the SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan over the remaining life expectancy of inactive participants based on our determination that almost all of the defined benefit pension plan participants are inactive and the plan is frozen to new participants. For the purposes of inactive participants, we utilized a 90 threshold established under our policy. 
 
 Multiemployer pension plans 
 
 We contribute to various multiemployer pension plans based on obligations arising from collective bargaining agreements. These multiemployer pension plans provide retirement benefits to participants based on their service to contributing employers. The benefits are paid from assets held in trust for that purpose. Trustees are typically responsible for determining the level of benefits to be provided to participants as well as such matters as the investment of the assets and the administration of the plans. 
 
 We continue to evaluate and address our potential exposure to underfunded multiemployer pension plans as it relates to our associates who are or were beneficiaries of these plans. In the future, we may consider opportunities to limit the Company s exposure to underfunded multiemployer pension obligations by moving our active associates in such plans to defined contribution plans, and withdrawing from the pension plan or continuing to participate in the plans for prior obligations. As we continue to work to find solutions to underfunded multiemployer pension plans, it is possible we could incur withdrawal liabilities for certain additional multiemployer pension plan obligations in the future as we actively negotiate new collective bargaining agreements with a number of our unions in due course. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

The American Rescue Plan Act ARPA established the Special Financial Assistance SFA Program for financially troubled multi-employer pension plans. Under ARPA, eligible multiemployer pension plans can apply to receive a cash payment in an amount projected by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation to remain solvent and pay pension benefits through the plan year ending 2051. As of the end of fiscal 2023, one plan to which the Company contributes has received SFA, and two other plans to which the Company contributes are currently on the waiting list to apply for SFA funding. We continue to evaluate our exposure to underfunded multiemployer pension plans. Although these liabilities are not a direct obligation or liability of ours, addressing these uncertainties requires judgment in the timing of expense recognition when we determine our commitment is probable and estimable. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, we incurred a 63 million charge for obligations related to withdrawal liabilities for three Retail multiemployer pension plans where our active associates moved to defined contribution plans for future benefits. 
 
 Refer to Note 13 Benefit Plans in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information relating to our participation in these multiemployer pension plans and to the actuarial assumptions used in determining pension and other postretirement liabilities and expenses. 
 
 Self-insurance liabilities 
 
 We are primarily self-insured for workers compensation, general and automobile liability insurance. It is our policy to record the self-insured portions of our workers compensation, general and automobile liabilities based upon actuarial methods of estimating the future cost of claims and related expenses that have been reported but not settled, and that have been incurred but not yet reported. Any projection of losses concerning these liabilities is subject to a considerable degree of variability. Among the causes of this variability are unpredictable external factors affecting litigation trends, benefit level changes and claim settlement patterns. If actual claims incurred are greater than those anticipated, our reserves may be insufficient and additional costs could be recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Accruals for workers compensation, general and automobile liabilities totaled 97 million and 98 million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Recoverability of long-lived assets 
 
 We review long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets at least annually, and on an interim basis if events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. We evaluate these assets at the asset-group level, which is the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Cash flows expected to be generated by the related assets are estimated over the assets useful lives based on updated projections. When the undiscounted future cash flows are not sufficient to recover an asset s carrying amount, the fair value is compared to the carrying value to determine the loss to be recorded. 
 
 Estimates of future cash flows and expected sales prices are judgments based on the Company s experience and knowledge of operations. These estimates project cash flows several years into the future and include assumptions on variables such as changes in supply contracts, macroeconomic impacts and market competition. 
 
 As part of our annual impairment assessment, we recognized a 25 million intangible asset impairment charge associated with the rationalization of our brands portfolio in an effort to focus on our core private brand offerings. 
 
 Income taxes 
 
 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized within the provision for income tax in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The calculation of the Company s tax liabilities includes addressing uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations and is based on the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Addressing these uncertainties requires judgment and estimates; however, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains. Our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be affected based on favorable or unfavorable tax settlements. Unfavorable tax settlements will generally require the use of cash and may result in an increase to our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. Favorable tax settlements may be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. 
 
 The Company regularly reviews its deferred tax assets for recoverability to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that they will be realized. In making this evaluation, the Company considers the statutory recovery periods for the assets, along with available sources of future taxable income, including reversals of existing and future taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies, history of taxable income and projections of future income. The Company gives more significance to objectively verifiable evidence, such as the existence of deferred tax liabilities that are forecast to generate taxable income within the relevant carryover periods and a history of earnings. A valuation allowance is provided when the Company concludes, based on all available evidence, that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized during the applicable recovery period. 

Recently Issued Financial Accounting Standards 
 For a discussion of recently issued financial accounting standards, refer to Note 2 Recently Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to a number of market related risks, including changes in interest rates, fuel prices, foreign exchange rates and changes in the market price of investments held in our master trust used to fund defined benefit pension obligations. We have historically employed financial derivative instruments from time to time to reduce these risks. We do not use financial instruments or derivatives for any trading or other speculative purposes. We currently utilize derivative financial instruments to reduce the market risks related to changes in interest rates, fuel prices and foreign exchange rates. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market pricing risk consisting of interest rate risk related to certain of our debt instruments and notes receivable outstanding. Our debt obligations are more fully described in Note 9 Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. Interest rate risk is managed through the strategic use of fixed and variable rate debt and derivative instruments. As more fully described in Note 8 Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report, we have used interest rate swap agreements to mitigate our exposure to adverse changes in interest rates by effectively converting certain of our variable rate obligations to fixed rate obligations. These interest rate swaps are derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges on the forecasted interest payments related to a certain portion of our debt obligations. Our variable rate borrowings consist primarily of SOFR-based loans, which is the benchmark interest rate being hedged in our interest rate swap agreements. 
 
 Changes in interest rates could also affect the interest rates we pay on future borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility, which rates are typically related to SOFR. As of July 29, 2023, we estimate that a 100-basis point increase in the interest rates related to our variable rate borrowings would increase our annualized Interest expense by approximately 7 million, net of the floating interest rate receivable on our interest rate swaps. Changes in interest rates related to our fixed rate debt instruments would not have an impact upon future results of operations or cash flows while outstanding; however, if additional debt issuances at higher interest rates are required to fund fixed rate debt maturities, future results of operations or cash flows may be impacted. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, a 100-basis point increase in forward SOFR interest rates would increase the fair value of the interest rate swaps by approximately 8 million; while a 100-basis point decrease in forward SOFR interest rates would decrease the fair value of the interest rate swaps by approximately 8 million. Refer to Note 8 Derivatives in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information on interest rate swap contracts. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The table below provides information about our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates, including debt obligations and interest rate swaps. For debt obligations, the table presents principal amounts due and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates using interest rates as of July 29, 2023, excluding any original issue and purchase accounting discounts and deferred financing costs. For interest rate swaps, the table presents the notional amounts and related weighted average interest rates by maturity. 
 July 29, 2023 Expected Fiscal Year of Maturity Fair Value Total 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter (in millions, except interest rates) Long-term Debt: Variable rate principal payments 1,483 1,482 670 812 Weighted average interest rate (1) 
 7.3 8.5 6.3 Fixed rate principal payments 421 509 8 1 500 Weighted average interest rate 6.7 4.8 4.4 6.8 Interest Rate Swaps (2) : 
 Notional amounts hedged under pay fixed, receive variable swaps 21 800 350 250 200 Weighted average pay rate 2.6 2.5 2.5 2.8 Weighted average receive rate 4.8 5.3 5.1 4.5 
 (1) Excludes the effect of interest rate swaps effectively converting certain of our variable rate obligations to fixed rate obligations. 
 (2) Refer to Note 8 Derivatives in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information on interest rate swap contracts. 
 
 Investment Risk 
 
 The SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan holds investments in fixed income securities, domestic equity securities, private equity securities, international equity securities and real estate securities, which is described further in Note 13 Benefit Plans in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Changes in SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan assets can affect the amount of our anticipated future contributions. In addition, increases or decreases in SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan assets can result in a related increase or decrease to our equity through Accumulated other comprehensive loss. In fiscal 2022, as the plan administrator, we took additional steps to de-risk the investments in the plan assets as its funding level increased. This de-risking included a further shift to fixed income investments. Given the relationships between discount rates that impact the valuation of fixed income plan assets and the impact of discount rates in measuring plan obligations, the SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan is subject to less volatility in the net plan assets. As of July 29, 2023, a 10 unfavorable change in the total value of investments held by the SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan (entirely within the return-seeking portion of the plan assets) would not have had an impact on our minimum contributions required under ERISA for fiscal 2023, but would have resulted in an unfavorable change in net periodic pension income for fiscal 2024 of 2 million and would have reduced Stockholders equity by 156 million on a pre-tax basis as of July 29, 2023. 
 
 Fuel Price and Foreign Exchange Risk 
 
 To reduce diesel price risk, we have entered into derivative financial instruments and/or forward purchase commitments for a portion of our projected monthly diesel fuel requirements at fixed prices primarily related to inbound transportation. To reduce foreign exchange risk, we have entered into derivative financial instruments for a portion of our projected monthly foreign currency requirements at fixed prices. The fair values of fuel derivative and foreign exchange agreements are measured using Level 2 inputs. As of July 29, 2023, the fair value and expected exposure risk based on aggregate notional values are insignificant. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 47 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 53 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 United Natural Foods, Inc.: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Natural Foods, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 29, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 29, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Assessment of the value of the defined benefit pension obligation 
 
 As discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company sponsors a defined benefit pension plan, covering primarily former Supervalu employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. The fair value of the defined benefit pension obligation at year end was 1.54 billion, offset by plan assets totaling 1.56 billion. The determination of the Company s defined benefit pension obligation with respect to the plan is dependent, in part, on the selection of certain actuarial assumptions, including the discount rate used. 
 We identified the assessment of the value of the defined benefit pension obligation as a critical audit matter because of the subjectivity in evaluating the discount rate used, and the impact small changes in this assumption would have on the measurement of the defined benefit pension obligation. Additionally, the audit effort associated with the evaluation of the discount rate required specialized skills and knowledge. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s defined benefit pension obligation process, including a control related to the development of the discount rate used. We compared the methodology used in the current year to develop the discount rate to the methodology used in prior periods. In addition, we involved an actuarial professional with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in the evaluation of the Company s discount rate by evaluating the methodology utilized by the Company and assessing the selected discount rate against publicly available discount rate benchmark information. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1993. 
 
 September 26, 2023 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except for par values) 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued compensation and benefits Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities Pension and other postretirement benefit obligations Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares; issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, authorized shares; shares issued and shares outstanding at July 29, 2023; shares issued and shares outstanding at July 30, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock at cost ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total United Natural Foods, Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except for per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended July 29, 2023 
 (52 weeks) 
 July 30, 2022 
 (52 weeks) 
 July 31, 2021 
 (52 weeks) 
 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses Loss (gain) on sale of assets and other asset charges ) ) Operating income Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost ) ) ) Interest expense, net Other income, net ) ) ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) Net income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income including noncontrolling interests Less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to United Natural Foods, Inc. Basic earnings per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings per share Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended July 29, 2023 
 (52 weeks) 
 July 30, 2022 
 (52 weeks) 
 July 31, 2021 
 (52 weeks) 
 Net income including noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive (loss) income: Recognition of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, net of tax (1) 
 ) ) Recognition of interest rate swap cash flow hedges, net of tax (2) 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Recognition of other cash flow derivatives, net of tax (3) 
 ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) Less comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Total comprehensive income attributable to United Natural Foods, Inc. 
 (1) million, ) million and million, respectively. 
 (2) million, million and million, respectively. 
 (3) million, million, and , respectively. 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in millions) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Total United Natural Foods, Inc. Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Stockholders Equity Common Stock Treasury Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at August 1, 2020 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle ) ) ) Restricted stock vestings ) ) ) Share-based compensation Other comprehensive income Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income Balances at July 31, 2021 ) ) ) Restricted stock vestings ) ) ) Share-based compensation Other comprehensive income Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income Balances at July 30, 2022 ) ) Restricted stock vestings ) ) ) Share-based compensation Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income Balances at July 29, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Fiscal Year Ended (in millions) July 29, 2023 
 (52 weeks) 
 July 30, 2022 
 (52 weeks) 
 July 31, 2021 
 (52 weeks) 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income including noncontrolling interests Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Gain on sale of property and equipment ) ) ) Closed property and other restructuring charges Intangible asset impairment charges Net pension and other postretirement benefit income ) ) ) Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) LIFO charge (Recoveries) provisions for losses on receivables ) ) Non-cash interest expense and other adjustments Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquired businesses Accounts and notes receivable ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Payments for capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from dispositions of assets Payments for investments ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations ) ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities of discontinued operations Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from borrowings of long-term debt Proceeds from borrowings under revolving credit line Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit line ) ) ) Repayments of long-term debt and finance leases ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock and exercise of stock options Payments of employee restricted stock tax withholdings ) ) ) Payments for debt issuance costs ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Repayments of other loans ) ) Other ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash (refunds) payments for federal, state and foreign income taxes, net ) ) Additions of property and equipment included in Accounts payable 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Refer to Note 18 Discontinued Operations for additional information about the Company s discontinued operations. The remaining stores previously included in discontinued operations were sold in fiscal 2022. 

Refer to Note 3 Revenue Recognition for additional information regarding the Company s revenue recognition policies. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Outbound shipping and handling costs, including allocated employee benefit expenses that are recorded in Operating expenses, totaled million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In fiscal 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge related to intangible assets associated with its Blue Marble Brands portfolio. Refer to Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net for additional information on this impairment charge. In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded a gain on sale related to our Riverside, California distribution center. Refer to Note 11 Leases for additional information on this gain on sale. 

55 

Table of Contents 

As of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, the Company had net book overdrafts of million and million, respectively. 

As of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, approximately billion and billion, respectively, of inventory was valued under the LIFO method, before the application of a LIFO reserve, and primarily included grocery, frozen food and general merchandise products, with the remaining inventory valued under the first-in, first-out FIFO method and primarily included meat, dairy and deli products. The LIFO reserve was million and million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively, which is recorded within Inventories, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

57 

Table of Contents 

 - years 
 Trademarks and tradenames - years 
 Favorable operating leases - years 
 Pharmacy prescription files years 

58 

Table of Contents 

Refer to Note 12 Share-Based Awards for additional information. 

See Note 13 Benefit Plans for additional information on participation in multiemployer plans. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 million of the Company s common stock over a term of (the 2022 Repurchase Program ). Under the 2022 Repurchase Program, the Company repurchased approximately million shares of its common stock for a total cost of million in fiscal 2023. The Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock in fiscal 2022 or 2021. As of July 29, 2023, the Company had million remaining authorized under the 2022 Repurchase Program. Refer to Note 9 Long-Term Debt for information on the Company s credit facilities limitations on its ability to repurchase shares of common stock above certain levels unless certain conditions and financial tests are met. 

The present value of such claims was calculated using a discount rate of and as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Expense Claim payments ) ) ) Reclassifications Ending balance 
 The current portion of the self-insurance liability was million and million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively, and is included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The long-term portions were million and million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively, and are included in Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The self-insurance liabilities as of the end of the fiscal year are net of discounts of million and million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. Amounts due from insurance companies were million and million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively, and are recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other long-term assets . 
 60 

Table of Contents 

61 

Table of Contents 

62 

Table of Contents 

Customer incentives 
 
 The Company provides incentives to its wholesale customers in various forms established under the applicable agreement, including advances, payments over time that are earned by achieving specified purchasing thresholds, and upon the passage of time. The Company typically records customer advances within Other long-term assets and Prepaid expenses and other current assets and typically recognizes customer incentive payments that are based on expected purchases over the term of the agreement as a reduction to Net sales. To the extent that the transaction price for product sales includes variable consideration, such as certain of these customer incentives, the Company estimates the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price primarily by utilizing the expected value method. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the agreement will not occur. The Company believes that there will not be significant changes to its estimates of variable consideration, as the uncertainty will be resolved within a relatively short time and there is a significant amount of historical data that is used in the estimation of the amount of variable consideration to be received. Therefore, the Company has not constrained its estimates of variable consideration. 
 
 Customer incentive assets are reviewed for impairment when circumstances exist for which the Company no longer expects to recover the applicable customer incentives. 
 
 Professional services and equipment sales 
 
 Separate from the services provided in conjunction with the sale of products described above, many of the Company s agreements with customers also include distinct professional services and other promises to customers, in addition to the sale of the product itself, such as retail store support, advertising, store layout and design services, merchandising support, couponing, eCommerce, network and data hosting solutions, training and certifications classes, and administrative back-office solutions. These professional services may contain a single performance obligation for each respective service, in which case such services revenues are recognized when delivered. Revenues from professional services are less than of total Net sales. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 customer channels within Net sales, which are described below: 
 Chains , which consists of customer accounts that typically have more than operating stores and excludes stores included within the Supernatural and Other channels defined below; 
 Independent retailers , which includes smaller size accounts including single store and multiple store locations, and group purchasing entities that are not classified within Chains above or Other defined below; 
 Supernatural , which consists of chain accounts that are national in scope and carry primarily natural products, and currently consists solely of one customer; 
 Retail , which reflects the Company's Retail segment, including Cub Foods and Shoppers stores, excluding Shoppers locations that were held for sale within discontinued operations; and 
 Other , which includes international customers outside of Canada, foodservice, eCommerce, conventional military business and other sales. 
 
 Independent retailers Supernatural Retail Other Eliminations ) ) Total ) 
 (in millions) Net Sales for Fiscal 2022 
 Customer Channel Wholesale Retail Other Eliminations (1) 
 Consolidated Chains Independent retailers Supernatural Retail Other Eliminations ) ) Total ) 
 (in millions) Net Sales for Fiscal 2021 
 Customer Channel Wholesale Retail Other Eliminations (1) 
 Consolidated Chains Independent retailers Supernatural Retail Other Eliminations ) ) Total ) 
 (1) Eliminations primarily includes the net sales elimination of Wholesale to Retail sales and the elimination of sales from segments included within Other to Wholesale. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 , and of the Company s net sales for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no other customers that individually generated 10 or more of the Company s net sales during those periods. 
 
 The Company serves customers in the United States and Canada, as well as customers located in other countries. However, all of the Company s revenue is earned in the United States and Canada, and international distribution occurs through freight-forwarders. The Company does not have any performance obligations on international shipments subsequent to delivery to the domestic port. 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 The Company typically does not incur costs that are required to be capitalized in connection with obtaining a contract with a customer. The Company typically does not have any performance obligations to deliver products under its contracts until its customers submit a purchase order, as it stands ready to deliver product upon receipt of a purchase order under contracts with its customers. These performance obligations are generally satisfied within a very short period of time. Therefore, the Company has utilized the practical expedient that provides an exemption from disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less. The Company does not typically receive pre-payments from its customers. 
 
 Customer payments are due when control of goods or services are transferred to the customer and are typically not conditional on anything other than payment terms, which typically are less than 30 days. Since no significant financing components exist between the period of time the Company transfers goods or services to the customer and when it receives payment for those goods or services, the Company generally does not adjust the transaction price to recognize a financing component. Customer incentives are not considered contract assets as they are not generated through the transfer of goods or services to the customers. No material contract asset or liability exists for any period reported within these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Accounts and Notes Receivable Balances 
 
 Allowance for uncollectible receivables ) ) Other receivables, net Accounts receivable, net Notes receivable, net, included within Prepaid expenses and other current assets Long-term notes receivable, net, included within Other long-term assets 
 
 The allowance for uncollectible receivables, and estimated variable consideration allowed for as sales concessions consists of the following: 
 (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of year Impact of adoption of new credit loss standard Provision for losses in Operating expenses ) Reductions of Net sales Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 million, without recourse, subject to eligibility criteria established by the financial institution. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, certain customer receivables are sold to the third-party financial institution on a revolving basis, subject to certain limitations. After these sales, the Company does not retain any interest in the receivables. The Company s continuing involvement in transferred receivables is limited to servicing the receivables. On June 27, 2023, the Company entered into an amendment to the purchase agreement, which increased the maximum outstanding amount from million to million. 
 
 Accounts receivable that the Company is servicing on behalf of the financial institution, which would have otherwise been outstanding as of July 29, 2023, was approximately million. Net proceeds received are included within net cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the period of sale. The loss on sale of receivables was million for fiscal 2023, and is recorded within Loss (gain) on sale of assets and other asset charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Closed property charges and costs Total 
 
 Restructuring and Integration Costs 
 
 Restructuring and integration costs for fiscal 2023 primarily relate to severance costs due to the regional restructuring during the fourth quarter. Fiscal 2022 restructuring and integration costs primarily relate to the finalization of integration costs related to the Supervalu acquisition. Fiscal 2021 restructuring and integration costs primarily relate to certain professional fees for advisory and transformational activities. 
 
 Closed Property Charges and Costs 
 
 In fiscal 2021, closed property charges relate to lease, and property and equipment asset impairments related to retail stores, lease terminations of non-operating stores and distribution center consolidation. 

Buildings and improvements - years 
 Leasehold improvements - years 
 Equipment - years 
 Motor vehicles - years 
 Finance lease assets - years 
 Construction in progress Property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property and equipment, net 
 
 The Company capitalized million, million and million of interest during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

goodwill reporting units: of which represent separate operating segments and are aggregated within the Wholesale reportable segment (U.S. Wholesale and Canada Wholesale); of which is a separate Retail operating and reportable segment and of which are separate operating segments (Woodstock Farms and Blue Marble Brands) that do not meet the criteria for being disclosed as separate reportable segments and are included in the Other segment. The Canada Wholesale operating segment, which is aggregated with U.S. Wholesale, would not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate reporting if it did not meet the aggregation criteria. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 the Company performed its annual goodwill qualitative impairment review and determined that a quantitative impairment test was not required for any of its reporting units. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets Changes 
 
 Change in foreign exchange rates Goodwill as of July 30, 2022 (1)(2) 
 Change in foreign exchange rates Goodwill as of July 29, 2023 (1)(2) 
 
 (1) Wholesale amounts are net of accumulated goodwill impairment charges of million for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
 (2) Other amounts are net of accumulated goodwill impairment charges of million for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
 
 Pharmacy prescription files Operating lease intangibles Trademarks and tradenames Total amortizing intangible assets Indefinite lived intangible assets: Trademarks and tradenames Intangibles assets, net 
 
 The Company performed annual qualitative reviews of its indefinite lived trademarks and tradenames in fiscal 2022 and 2021, which indicated a quantitative assessment was not required. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company decided to rationalize certain of its brands within its Blue Marble Brands portfolio, resulting in an abandonment of certain brands and a shortened life of remaining brand-related intangible assets. These changes are part of an effort for the Company to focus on its core private brand offerings. As a result, the Company recorded a million intangible asset impairment charge in fiscal 2023 and began amortizing the remaining intangible assets associated with its Blue Marble Brands portfolio. The fair values utilized in the Company s quantitative assessment were determined using the income approach, discounting projected future net cash flows based on management s expectations of the current and future operating environment for each brand. The impairment charge is recorded within Loss (gain) on sale of assets and other asset charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

Interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments 
 Other long-term assets Liabilities: Fuel derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 Fair Value at July 30, 2022 (in millions) Consolidated Balance Sheets Location 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Fuel derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments Prepaid expenses and other current assets Interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments Other long-term assets Liabilities: Interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments 
 Other long-term liabilities 
 
 Interest Rate Swap Contracts 
 
 The fair values of interest rate swap contracts are measured using Level 2 inputs. The interest rate swap contracts are valued using an income approach interest rate swap valuation model incorporating observable market inputs including interest rates, SOFR swap rates and credit default swap rates. As of July 29, 2023, a 100-basis point increase in forward SOFR interest rates would increase the fair value of the interest rate swaps by approximately million; a 100-basis point decrease in forward SOFR interest rates would decrease the fair value of the interest rate swaps by approximately million. Refer to Note 8 Derivatives for further information on interest rate swap contracts. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Long-term debt, including current portion 

One-Month Term SOFR Monthly October 26, 2018 October 31, 2023 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly January 11, 2019 March 28, 2024 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly January 23, 2019 March 28, 2024 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly November 30, 2018 October 31, 2024 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly January 11, 2019 October 31, 2024 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly January 24, 2019 October 31, 2024 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly October 26, 2018 October 22, 2025 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly November 16, 2018 October 22, 2025 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly November 16, 2018 October 22, 2025 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly January 24, 2019 October 22, 2025 One-Month Term SOFR Monthly 
 69 

Table of Contents 

million to terminate certain outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million. In addition, in fiscal 2021, in conjunction with the million fixed rate senior unsecured notes offering described below in Note 9 Long-Term Debt, the Company paid million to terminate or novate certain outstanding interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million and certain forward starting interest rate swaps with a notional amount of million. The payments equaled the fair value of the interest rate swaps at the time of their termination or novation. gain or loss was recorded as a result of the swap terminations and novations. Since the hedged interest payments remain probable of occurring, the unrecognized gains and losses that existed as of the early termination or novation of these interest rate swap agreements will be amortized out of Accumulated other comprehensive loss and into Interest expense, net over the remaining period of the original terminated or novated interest rate swap agreements. If any of the hedged interest payments were not probable of occurring, then a charge representing an accelerated amortization of the unrecognized gains and losses would be recorded. Cash payments resulting from the termination or novation of interest rate swaps are classified as operating activities in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 The Company performs an initial quantitative assessment of hedge effectiveness using the Hypothetical Derivative Method in the period in which the hedging transaction is entered. Under this method, the Company assesses the effectiveness of each hedging relationship by comparing the changes in cash flows of the derivative hedging instrument with the changes in cash flows of the designated hedged transactions. In future reporting periods, the Company performs a qualitative analysis for quarterly prospective and retrospective assessments of hedge effectiveness. The Company also monitors the risk of counterparty default on an ongoing basis and noted that the counterparties are reputable financial institutions. The entire change in the fair value of the derivative is initially reported in Other comprehensive income (outside of earnings) in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and subsequently reclassified to earnings in Interest expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations when the hedged transactions affect earnings. 
 
 Loss on cash flow hedging relationships: Gain (loss) reclassified from comprehensive income into earnings ) ) 

2026 ABL Credit Facility 2027 Senior Notes 2029 Other secured loans 2024-2025 Debt issuance costs, net ) ) Original issue discount on debt ) ) Long-term debt, including current portion Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On October 22, 2020, the Company issued million of unsecured senior notes due October 15, 2028 (the Senior Notes ). The Senior Notes, which are presented net of debt issuance costs of million as of July 29, 2023 and million as of July 30, 2022 in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are guaranteed by each of the Company s subsidiaries that are borrowers under or that guarantee the ABL Credit Facility or the Term Loan Facility (defined below). 
 
 ABL Credit Facility 
 
 The revolving credit agreement dated as of June 3, 2022, (the ABL Loan Agreement ), by and among the Company (the U.S. Borrower and UNFI Canada (the Canadian Borrower and, together with the U.S. Borrower, the Borrowers ), and the financial institutions that are parties thereto as lenders (collectively, the ABL Lenders ), Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as administrative agent for the ABL Lenders, and the other parties thereto, provides for a secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the ABL Credit Facility ), of which up to million is available to the Borrowers, including a U.S. Dollar equivalent of million sublimit for borrowings in Canadian dollars. Under the ABL Loan Agreement, the Borrowers may, at their option, increase the aggregate amount of the ABL Credit Facility in an amount of up to million without the consent of any ABL Lenders not participating in such increase, subject to certain customary conditions and applicable lenders committing to provide the increase in funding. There is no assurance that additional funding would be available. 
 
 The ABL Loan Agreement utilizes Term SOFR and Prime rates as the benchmark interest rates. Borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility bear interest at rates that, at the Borrowers option, can be either: (i) a base rate plus a - margin or (ii) a Term SOFR rate plus a - margin. Unutilized commitments under the ABL Credit Facility are subject to a per annum fee of . The ABL Credit Facility will expire at the earlier of (i) June 3, 2027, and (ii) the date that is days prior to the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility (defined below) if on such date more than million of borrowings under the Term Loan Facility remain outstanding and mature prior to June 3, 2027. The ABL Loan Agreement subjects the Company to a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.0 to 1.0 calculated at the end of each of the Company s fiscal quarters on a rolling four quarter basis, if the adjusted aggregate availability is ever less than the greater of (i) million and (ii) of the aggregate Borrowing Base (as defined below). 
 
 The ABL Loan Agreement contains certain operational and informational covenants customary for this type of secured revolving credit facility, which limit the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things, incur debt, declare or pay dividends or make other distributions to its stockholders, transfer or sell assets, create liens on our assets, engage in transactions with affiliates and merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of the Company s and its subsidiaries assets on a consolidated basis. If the Company fails to comply with any of these covenants, it may be in default under the applicable debt agreement, and all amounts due thereunder may become immediately due and payable. 
 
 The Borrowers obligations under the ABL Credit Facility are guaranteed by most of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, the Guarantors ), subject to customary exceptions and limitations. The Borrowers obligations under the ABL Credit Facility and the Guarantors obligations under the related guarantees are secured by (i) a first-priority lien on certain accounts receivable, inventory and certain other assets arising therefrom or related thereto of the Borrowers and Guarantors (including substantially all of their deposit accounts, collectively, the ABL Assets and (ii) a second-priority lien on all of the Borrowers and Guarantors assets that do not constitute ABL Assets, in each case, subject to customary exceptions and limitations. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 of eligible accounts receivable, plus of eligible credit card receivables, plus to of the net orderly liquidation value of eligible inventory, plus of eligible pharmacy receivables, plus certain pharmacy prescription files availability to the Borrowers, after adjusting for customary reserves, but at no time shall exceed the lesser of the aggregate commitments under the ABL Credit Facility (currently million) or the Borrowing Base. 
 
 Certain receivables included in Accounts receivable, net Pharmacy prescription files included in Intangible assets, net Total 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, the Borrowers Borrowing Base, net of million of reserves, was million, which is below the million limit of availability, resulting in total availability of million for loans and letters of credit under the ABL Credit Facility. As of July 29, 2023, the Borrowers had million of loans outstanding under the ABL Credit Facility, which are presented net of debt issuance costs of million and are included in Long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of July 29, 2023, the U.S. Borrowers had million in letters of credit outstanding under the ABL Credit Facility. The Company s resulting remaining availability under the ABL Credit Facility was million as of July 29, 2023. 
 
 ABL loans Letters of credit Unused credit 
 
 The applicable interest rates, unutilized commitment fees and letter of credit fees under the ABL Credit Facility are variable and are dependent upon the prior fiscal quarter s daily Average Availability (as defined in the ABL Loan Agreement), and were as follows: 
 Interest rates and fees under the ABL Credit Facility: Range of Facility Rates and Fees (per annum) July 29, 2023 Borrowers applicable margin for base rate loans - 
 Borrowers applicable margin for SOFR and BA loans (1) 
 - 
 Unutilized commitment fees Letter of credit fees - 
 
 (1) The U.S. Borrower utilizes SOFR-based loans and the Canadian Borrower utilizes bankers acceptance rate-based loans. 
 
 Term Loan Facility 
 
 The term loan agreement dated as of October 22, 2018 (as amended, the Term Loan Agreement ), by and among the Company and SUPERVALU INC. Supervalu and, collectively with the Company, the Term Borrowers ), the financial institutions that are parties thereto as lenders, Credit Suisse, as administrative agent for the Term Lenders, and the other parties thereto, provides for senior secured first lien term loans in an initial aggregate principal amount of million, consisting of a million tranche and a million -day tranche that was repaid in fiscal 2020 (the Term Loan Facility ). The net proceeds from the Term Loan Facility were used to finance the Supervalu acquisition and related transaction costs. Any amounts then outstanding will be payable in full on October 22, 2025. 
 
 Under the Term Loan Agreement, the Company may, at its option, increase the amount of the Term Loan Facility, add one or more additional tranches of term loans or add one or more additional tranches of revolving credit commitments, without the consent of any Term Lenders not participating in such additional borrowings, up to an aggregate amount of million plus additional amounts based on satisfaction of certain leverage ratio tests, subject to certain customary conditions and applicable lenders committing to provide the additional funding. There can be no assurance that additional funding would be available. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 million. As of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, there was million and million, respectively, of owned real property pledged as collateral that was included in Property and equipment, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company must prepay loans outstanding under the Term Loan Facility no later than days after the fiscal year end in an aggregate principal amount equal to a specified percentage (which percentage ranges from to percent depending on the Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of such fiscal year) of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the Term Loan Agreement), minus certain types of voluntary prepayments of indebtedness made during such fiscal year. Based on the Company s Consolidated First Lien Net Leverage Ratio at the end of fiscal 2023, no prepayment from Excess Cash Flow in fiscal 2023 is required to be made in fiscal 2024. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, the Company had borrowings of million outstanding under the Term Loan Facility, which are presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets net of debt issuance costs of million and an original issue discount on debt of million. As of July 29, 2023, amount of the Term Loan Facility was classified as current. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, the borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at rates that, at the Term Borrowers option, can be either: (i) a base rate plus a margin of or (ii) a SOFR rate plus a margin of , provided that the SOFR rate shall never be less than . 
 
 On November 10, 2021, the Company made a voluntary prepayment of million on the Term Loan Facility funded with incremental borrowings under the then outstanding ABL Credit Facility that reduced its interest costs. In connection with this prepayment, the Company incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of million related to unamortized debt issuance costs and a loss on unamortized original issue discount, which was recorded within Interest expense, net in the second quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 
 On November 7, 2022, the Company made a million voluntary prepayment on the Term Loan Facility with a portion of the proceeds received from monetizing certain receivables previously within accounts receivable, net associated with the Company s purchase agreement with a third-party financial institution as previously discussed within Note 3 Revenue Recognition. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amortization of amounts included in net periodic benefit income ) ) Amortization of cash flow hedges ) Settlement gain ) ) Net current period Other comprehensive income Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at July 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amortization of amounts included in net periodic benefit income Amortization of cash flow hedges Net current period Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at July 30, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amortization of amounts included in net periodic benefit income Amortization of cash flow hedges ) ) ) Net current period Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income at July 29, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 ) Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost Settlement gain ) Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost Total reclassifications ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications, net of tax ) Swap agreements: Reclassification of cash flow hedge ) Interest expense, net Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications, net of tax ) Other cash flow hedges: Reclassification of cash flow hedge ) ) Cost of sales Income tax expense Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications, net of tax ) ) 
 (1) Reclassification of amounts included in net periodic benefit income include reclassification of prior service cost and reclassification of net actuarial loss as reflected in Note 13 Benefit Plans. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, the Company expects to reclassify million related to unrealized derivative gains out of Accumulated other comprehensive loss and primarily into Interest expense, net during the following twelve-month period. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Finance lease assets Property and equipment, net Total lease assets Operating liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Finance liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease liabilities Operating liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Finance liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 Lease assets and liabilities presented in the table above include lease contracts related to our discontinued operations, as the Company expects to remain primarily obligated under these leases. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Operating expenses Variable lease cost Operating expenses Sublease income Operating expenses ) ) ) Sublease income Net sales ) ) ) Other sublease income, net Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses (2) 
 ) ) ) Net operating lease cost (1) 
 Amortization of leased assets Operating expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net Finance lease cost Total net lease cost 
 (1) Rent expense as presented here includes , and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of operating lease rent expense related to stores within discontinued operations, but for which GAAP requires the expense to be included within continuing operations, as the Company expects to remain primarily obligated under these leases. Rent expense as presented here also includes immaterial amounts of variable lease expense of discontinued operations. 
 (2) Includes million, million and million of lease expense in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and ) million, ) million, and ) million of lease income in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, that is recorded within Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses for assigned leases related to previously sold locations and surplus, non-operating properties for which the Company is restructuring its obligations. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 million. Immediately following this acquisition, the Company monetized this property through a sale-leaseback transaction, pursuant to which the Company received million in aggregate proceeds for the sale of the property, which reflected the fair value of the property. Under the terms of the sale-leaseback agreement, the Company entered into a lease for the distribution center for a term of years, which was classified as an operating lease. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain on sale of approximately million in fiscal 2022 as a result of the transactions, which primarily represented the pre-tax net proceeds. 
 
 The Company leases certain property to third parties and receives lease and subtenant rental payments under operating leases, including assigned leases for which the Company has future minimum lease payment obligations. Future minimum lease payments Lease Liabilities include payments to be made by the Company or certain third parties in the case of assigned noncancellable operating leases and finance leases. Future minimum lease and subtenant rentals Lease Receipts include expected cash receipts from operating subleases, and in the case of assigned noncancellable leases receipts for stores sold to third parties, which they operate. 
 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) Thereafter ) Total undiscounted lease liabilities and receipts ) Less interest (3) 
 ) ) Present value of lease liabilities Less current lease liabilities ) ) Long-term lease liabilities 
 (1) Operating lease payments include million related to extension options that are reasonably certain of being exercised and exclude million of legally binding undiscounted minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 (2) There were no finance leases for which the extension options are reasonably certain of being exercised and excluded from legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 (3) Calculated using the interest rate for each lease. 
 
 years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 Leased assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

equity incentive plans: the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the 2012 Plan and the Second Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan ). The terms of each stock-based award will be determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee thereof. As of July 29, 2023, the Company has million shares authorized and available for grant under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. The authorization for new grants under the 2012 Plan has expired. 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 Supervalu replacement awards (1) 
 Performance-based share awards Share-based compensation expense recorded in Operating expenses Income tax benefit ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense, net of tax Share-based compensation expense recorded in Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses (2) 
 Income tax benefit Share-based compensation expense recorded in Restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses, net of tax 
 (1) Amounts are derived primarily from liability classified awards. 
 (2) Includes equity classified awards of million for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. 
 
 Vesting requirements for awards are generally at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee thereof. Time-based vesting awards for employees typically vest in or equal installments. The Board of Directors has adopted a policy in connection with the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan that sets forth grant, vesting and settlement dates for equity awards, a vesting period for awards issued to non-employee directors, and a equal installment vesting period for designated employee restricted stock awards. Performance awards have a cliff vest, subject to achievement of the performance objective. As of July 29, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding share-based compensation arrangements (including restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units). This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Outstanding at July 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Outstanding at July 30, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/Canceled ) Outstanding at July 29, 2023 
 
 (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Intrinsic value of restricted stock units vested 
 
 Performance-Based Share Awards 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company granted million performance share units, included in the granted number in the above table, to its executives and other senior leaders (subject to the issuance of up to million additional shares if the Company s performance exceeds specified targeted levels) with a weighted average grant-date fair value of . These performance units are tied to fiscal 2023, 2024 and 2025 performance metrics, including adjusted earnings per share EPS growth and adjusted return on invested capital ROIC ). An insignificant amount of performance share units granted in fiscal 2023 were forfeited during fiscal 2023. 
 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company granted million performance share units to its executives and other senior leaders (subject to the issuance of up to million additional shares if the Company s performance exceeds specified targeted levels) with a weighted average grant-date fair value of . These performance units are tied to fiscal 2022, 2023 and 2024 performance metrics, including adjusted EPS growth and adjusted ROIC. An insignificant amount of performance share units granted in fiscal 2022 were forfeited during fiscal 2023. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company granted million performance share units to its executives and other senior leaders (subject to the issuance of up to million additional shares if the Company s performance exceeds specified targeted levels) with a weighted average grant-date fair value of . These performance units were tied to fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023 performance metrics, including adjusted EPS growth, adjusted ROIC and adjusted EBITDA leverage. An insignificant amount of performance share units granted in fiscal 2021 were forfeited during fiscal 2023. Based on performance through the performance period ended July 29, 2023, million performance share units have been earned and will be issued in fiscal 2024. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 t grant options in fiscal 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 years 
 Exercised Canceled ) Outstanding at end of year years 
 Exercisable at end of year years 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , million and million, respectively. 
 Supervalu Replacement Awards 
 Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 25, 2018, by and among Supervalu, SUPERVALU Enterprises, Inc., the company and Jedi Merger Sub, Inc., dated as of July 25, 2018, as amended on October 10, 2018 (the Merger Agreement ), each outstanding Supervalu stock option, whether vested or unvested, that was unexercised immediately prior to the effective time of the merger SVU Option was converted, effective as of the effective time of the merger, into a stock option exercisable for shares of common stock of the Company Supervalu Replacement Options in accordance with the adjustment provisions of the Supervalu stock. In addition, each outstanding Supervalu restricted share award, restricted stock unit award, deferred share unit award and performance share unit award SVU Equity Award was converted, effective as of the effective time of the merger, into time-vesting awards Supervalu Replacement Award with a settlement value equal to the merger consideration of per share multiplied by the number of shares of Supervalu common stock subject to such SVU Equity Award. The Supervalu Replacement Awards were liability classified awards as they were ultimately settled in cash or shares at the discretion of the employee. The Supervalu Replacement Awards liabilities were expensed over the service period based on the fixed value of per share. As of the end of fiscal 2022, there were no longer any outstanding Supervalu Replacement Awards. 
 
 of the union employees participate in multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under collective bargaining agreements. The remaining either participate in plans sponsored by the Company or are not currently eligible to participate in a retirement plan. In addition to sponsoring both defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans, the Company provides healthcare and life insurance benefits for eligible retired employees under postretirement benefit plans. The Company also provides certain health and welfare benefits, including short-term and long-term disability benefits, to inactive disabled employees prior to retirement. The terms of the postretirement benefit plans vary based on employment history, age and date of retirement. For many retirees, the Company provides a fixed dollar contribution and retirees pay contributions to fund the remaining cost. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Interest cost Settlements paid ) Benefit obligation at end of year Changes in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Settlements paid ) Employer contributions Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded (unfunded) status at end of year ) ) 
 
 The actuarial gain on projected pension benefit obligations in fiscal 2023 was primarily the result of a basis points increase in the discount rate on the SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan. The actuarial gain on projected pension benefit obligations in fiscal 2022 was primarily the result of a basis points increase in the discount rate on the SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan, and updated mortality assumptions. 
 The funded status of our pension benefits contains plans with individually funded and underfunded statuses. Our other postretirement benefits consist of one plan as shown above. 
 Benefit obligation at end of year ) ) ) Funded (unfunded) status at end of year ) SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan Other Pension Plan 
 Total Pension Benefits July 30, 2022: Fair value of plan assets at end of year Benefit obligation at end of year ) ) ) Funded (unfunded) status at end of year ) 
 
 80 

Table of Contents ) ) Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) Settlement gain ) Net periodic benefit (income) cost ) ) ) ) Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefits Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) Prior service cost Amortization of prior service (cost) benefit ) ) Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss ) Total expense (benefit) recognized in Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Total (benefit) expense recognized in net periodic benefit cost (income) and Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) 
 
 Pension and other postretirement benefit obligations ) ) ) ) Accrued compensation and benefits ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 - 
 - 
 - 
 Net periodic benefit (income) cost assumptions: Discount rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Rate of compensation increase Expected return on plan assets (1) 
 - 
 - 
 Interest credit 
 (1) Expected return on plan assets is estimated by utilizing forward-looking, long-term return, risk and correlation assumptions developed and updated annually by the Company. These assumptions are weighted by the actual or target allocation to each underlying asset class represented in the pension plan master trust. The Company also assesses the expected long-term return on plan assets assumption by comparison to long-term historical performance on an asset class basis to ensure the assumption is reasonable. Long-term trends are also evaluated relative to market factors such as inflation, interest rates, and fiscal and monetary policies in order to assess the capital market assumptions. 
 
 The Company reviews and selects the discount rate to be used in connection with measuring its pension and other postretirement benefit obligations annually. In determining the discount rate, the Company uses the yield on corporate bonds (rated AA or better) that coincides with the cash flows of the plans estimated benefit payouts. The model uses a yield curve approach to discount each cash flow of the liability stream at an interest rate specifically applicable to the timing of each respective cash flow. The model totals the present values of all cash flows and calculates the equivalent weighted average discount rate by imputing the singular interest rate that equates the total present value with the stream of future cash flows. This resulting weighted average discount rate is then used in evaluating the final discount rate to be used. 
 
 For those retirees whose health plans provide for variable employer contributions, the assumed healthcare cost trend rate used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation before age 65 was as of July 29, 2023. The assumed healthcare cost trend rate for retirees before age 65 will decrease each year through fiscal 2030, until it reaches the ultimate trend rate of . For those retirees whose health plans provide for variable employer contributions, the assumed healthcare cost trend rate used in measuring the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation after age 65 was as of July 29, 2023. 
 
 Pension Plan Assets 
 
 Pension plan assets are held in a master trust and invested in separately managed accounts and other commingled investment vehicles holding fixed income securities, domestic equity securities, private equity securities, international equity securities and real estate securities. The Company employs a liability hedging approach, targeting a level of risk commensurate with keeping pace with the growth of plan liabilities. Risk is managed through diversification across asset classes, multiple investment manager portfolios and both general and portfolio-specific investment guidelines. Risk tolerance is established through careful consideration of the plan liabilities, plan funded status and the Company s financial condition. This asset allocation policy mix is reviewed annually and actual versus target allocations are monitored regularly and rebalanced on an as-needed basis. Plan assets are invested using a combination of active and passive investment strategies. Passive, or indexed strategies, attempt to mimic rather than exceed the investment performance of a market benchmark. The plan s active investment strategies employ multiple investment management firms. Managers within each asset class cover a range of investment styles and approaches and are combined in a way that controls for capitalization, and style biases (equities) and interest rate exposures (fixed income) versus benchmark indices. Monitoring activities to evaluate performance against targets and measure investment risk take place on an ongoing basis through annual liability measurements, periodic asset/liability studies and quarterly investment portfolio reviews. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Domestic equity Private equity International equity Real estate Total 
 
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for investments measured at fair value: 
 
 Common stock - Valued at the closing price reported in the active market in which the individual securities are traded. 
 
 Common collective trusts - Investments in common/collective trust funds are stated at net asset value NAV as determined by the issuer of the common/collective trust funds and is based on the fair value of the underlying investments held by the fund less its liabilities. The majority of the common/collective trust funds have a readily determinable fair value and are classified as Level 2. Other investments in common/collective trust funds determine NAV on a less frequent basis and/or have redemption restrictions. For these investments, NAV is used as a practical expedient to estimate fair value. 
 
 Corporate bonds - Valued based on yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. When quoted prices are not available for identical or similar bonds, the fair value is based upon an industry valuation model, which maximizes observable inputs. 
 
 Government securities - Certain government securities are valued at the closing price reported in the active market in which the security is traded. Other government securities are valued based on yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. 
 
 Mortgage backed securities - Valued based on yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. When quoted prices are not available for identical or similar securities, the fair value is based upon an industry valuation model, which maximizes observable inputs. 
 
 Private equity and real estate partnerships - Valued based on NAV provided by the investment manager, updated for any subsequent partnership interests cash flows or expected changes in fair value. The NAV is used as a practical expedient to estimate fair value. 
 
 Other - Consists primarily of options, futures, and money market investments priced at 1 per unit. 
 
 The valuation methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes our valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Common collective trusts Corporate bonds Government securities Mortgage-backed securities Other Private equity and real estate partnerships Total plan assets at fair value 
 
 The fair value of assets held in the master trust for defined benefit pension plans as of July 30, 2022, by asset category, consisted of the following (in millions): 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Measured at NAV as a Practical Expedient Total Common stock Common collective trusts Corporate bonds Government securities Mortgage-backed securities Other Private equity and real estate partnerships Total plan assets at fair value 
 
 Contributions 
 
 No minimum pension contributions were required to be made under the SUPERVALU INC. Retirement Plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, ERISA in fiscal 2023. The Company expects to contribute approximately million to its other defined benefit pension plans and million to its postretirement benefit plans in fiscal 2024. 
 
 The Company funds its defined benefit pension plans based on the minimum contribution required under the Internal Revenue Code, ERISA, the Pension Protection Act of 2006 and other applicable laws, as determined by our external actuarial consultant, and additional contributions made at its discretion. The Company may accelerate contributions or undertake contributions in excess of the minimum requirements from time to time subject to the availability of cash in excess of operating and financing needs or other factors as may be applicable. The Company assesses the relative attractiveness of the use of cash including such factors as expected return on assets, discount rates, cost of debt, reducing or eliminating required Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation variable rate premiums or the ability to achieve exemption from participant notices of underfunding. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Years 2029-2033 
 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 
 The Company sponsors a defined contribution and profit sharing plan pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Employees may contribute a portion of their eligible compensation to the plan on a pre-tax or after-tax Roth basis. The Company matches a portion of certain employee contributions by contributing cash into the investment options selected by the employees. The total amount contributed by the Company to the plan is determined by plan provisions or at the Company s discretion. Total employer contribution expenses for this plan were million, million and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Post-Employment Benefits 
 
 The Company recognizes an obligation for benefits provided to former or inactive employees. The Company is self-insured for certain disability plan programs, which comprise the primary benefits paid to inactive employees prior to retirement. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023 there was million of Accrued compensation and benefits and million of Other long-term liabilities recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of July 30, 2022 there was million of Accrued compensation and benefits and million of Other long-term liabilities . 
 
 Multiemployer Pension Plans 
 
 The Company contributes to various multiemployer pension plans under collective bargaining agreements, primarily defined benefit pension plans. These multiemployer plans generally provide retirement benefits to participants based on their service to contributing employers. The benefits are paid from assets held in trust for that purpose. Plan trustees typically are responsible for determining the level of benefits to be provided to participants as well as the investment of the assets and plan administration. Trustees are appointed in equal number by employers and the unions that are parties to the relevant collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Expense is recognized in connection with these plans as contributions are funded, in accordance with GAAP. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from the risks associated with single-employer plans in the following respects: 
 
 Assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer are held in trust and may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 
 If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 
 If the Company chose to stop participating in some multiemployer plans, or make market exits or closures or otherwise have participation in the plan drop below certain levels, it may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 funded and are projected to become insolvent within to years, red zone status plans are generally less than funded and are considered in critical status, yellow zone status plans are less than funded and are considered in endangered or seriously endangered status, and green zone plans are at least funded. The FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented column indicates plans for which a funding improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP is either pending or has been implemented by the trustees of each plan. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ARPA created the Special Financial Assistance SFA Program to permit financially troubled multiemployer plans to apply for a cash payment intended to keep plans solvent and able to pay benefits through 2051. As July 29, 2023, certain plans in which the Company participates have applied for or received SFA, and other plans in which the Company participates are expected to apply. 
 
 Certain plans have been aggregated in the All Other Multiemployer Pension Plans line in the following table, as the contributions to each of these plans are not individually material. None of our collective bargaining agreements require that a minimum contribution be made to these plans. 
 
 At the date the financial statements were issued, Form 5500 for these plans were generally not available for the plan years ending in 2022. 
 
 Minneapolis Retail Meat Cutters and Food Handlers Pension Fund 
 410905139-001 2/28 Red Minneapolis Retail Meat Cutters and Food Handlers Variable Annuity Pension Plan 832598425-001 12/31 NA Central States, Southeast Southwest Areas Pension Plan 366044243-001 12/31 Deep Red UFCW Unions and Participating Employers Pension Plan 526117495-002 12/31 Red Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan 916145047-001 12/31 Green UFCW Unions and Employers Pension Plan (2) 
 396069053-001 NA NA All Other Multiemployer Pension Plans (3) 
 Total 
 (1) PPA surcharges are or of eligible contributions and may not apply to all collective bargaining agreements or total contributions to each plan. 
 (2) The Company withdrew from this plan in fiscal 2021 and made no contributions in fiscal 2022 or fiscal 2023. The plan was included in the table above for contributions made in fiscal 2021. 
 plans, ne of which are individually significant when considering contributions to the plan, severity of the underfunded status or other factors. 

86 

Table of Contents 

 5/31/2026 Minneapolis Retail Meat Cutters and Food Handlers Pension Fund 
 3/4/2025 3/4/2025 Minneapolis Retail Meat Cutters and Food Handlers Variable Annuity Pension Fund 
 3/4/2025 3/4/2025 Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund 
 6/03/2024 - 5/31/2025 8/3/2024 UFCW Unions and Participating Employers Pension Fund 07/12/2024 7/12/2024 Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan Trust 
 4/30/2024 - 9/20/2026 9/20/2026 
 (1) Company participating employees in the most significant collective bargaining agreement as a percent of all Company employees represented under the applicable collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, the Company withdrew from participating in Retail multiemployer pension plans, resulting in a million withdrawal charge, which is recorded within Operating expenses within our Consolidated Statements of Operations, Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and within changes in operating assets and liabilities within Accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. In fiscal 2022, the Company updated its estimated withdrawal liability, which resulted in an million benefit recorded within Operating expenses. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, accrued multiemployer pension plan withdrawal liabilities included in Other long-term liabilities and Accrued compensation and benefits were million and million, respectively, for multiemployer plans. As of July 30, 2022 amounts included in Other long-term liabilities and Accrued compensation and benefits were million and million, respectively. Payments associated with these liabilities are required to be made over varying time periods, but principally over the next years. 
 
 Multiemployer Benefit Plans Other than Pensions 
 
 The Company also makes contributions to multiemployer health and welfare plans in amounts set forth in the related collective bargaining agreements. These plans provide medical, dental, pharmacy, vision and other ancillary benefits to active employees and retirees as determined by the trustees of each plan. The vast majority of the Company s contributions benefit active employees and as such, may not constitute contributions to a postretirement benefit plan. However, the Company is unable to separate contribution amounts to postretirement benefit plans from contribution amounts paid to benefit active employees. 
 
 The Company contributed million, million and million in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively, to multiemployer health and welfare plans. If healthcare provisions within these plans cannot be renegotiated in a manner that reduces the prospective healthcare cost as we intend, our Operating expenses could increase in the future. 
 
 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had approximately employees. Approximately employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. During fiscal 2023, collective bargaining agreements covering approximately employees were renegotiated and collective bargaining agreements covering approximately employees expired without their terms being renegotiated. Negotiations are expected to continue with the bargaining units representing the employees subject to those agreements. During fiscal 2024, collective bargaining agreements covering approximately employees are scheduled to expire. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents million from U.S. continuing operations and million from foreign continuing operations. Income before income taxes for fiscal 2022 consists of million from U.S. continuing operations and million from foreign continuing operations. Income before income taxes for fiscal 2021 consists of million from U.S. continuing operations and million from foreign continuing operations. Discontinued operations ) Total ) 
 
 The income tax (benefit) expense in continuing operations was allocated as follows: 
 (in millions) 2023 2022 2021 Income tax (benefit) expense ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total ) 
 
 Total federal, state and foreign income tax (benefit) expense in continuing operations consists of the following: 
 (in millions) Current Deferred Total Fiscal 2023 U.S. Federal ) ) State and Local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) Fiscal 2022 U.S. Federal ) State and Local Foreign Fiscal 2021 U.S. Federal ) State and Local Foreign ) 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 State and local income tax, net of Federal income tax benefit ) Non-deductible expenses Tax effect of share-based compensation ) ) ) General business credits ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits ) ) ) Enhanced inventory donations ) ) ) Changes in valuation allowance (1) 
 Other, net (1) 
 ) Total income tax (benefit) expense ) 
 (1) Immaterial prior period amounts that were included in the other, net category have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits added during the period Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits due to statute expiration ) ) ) Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits due to settlements ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of period 
 
 In addition, the Company has million paid on deposit to various governmental agencies to cover the above liability. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. For fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, total accrued interest and penalties was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company is currently under examination in several taxing jurisdictions and remains subject to examination until the statute of limitations expires for the respective taxing jurisdiction or an agreement is reached between the taxing jurisdiction and the Company. As of July 29, 2023, the Company is no longer subject to federal income tax examinations for fiscal years before 2016 and in most states is no longer subject to state income tax examinations for fiscal years before 2011 and 2016 for Supervalu and the Company, respectively. Due to the implementation of the CARES Act, NOLs were carried back into fiscal years 2014 and 2015, which extends the federal statute of limitations on those years up to the amount of the carryback claim. 
 
 Based on the possibility of the closing of pending audits and appeals, or expiration of the statute of limitations, the Company does not anticipate that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly during the next 12 months. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable, principally due to allowances for uncollectible accounts Accrued expenses Net operating loss carryforwards Other tax carryforwards (interest, charitable contributions) Foreign tax credits Intangible assets Lease liabilities Other deferred tax assets Total gross deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Plant and equipment, principally due to differences in depreciation Inventories Lease right of use assets Interest rate swap agreements Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 
 
 Tax Credits and Valuation Allowances 
 
 At July 29, 2023, the Company had gross deferred tax assets of approximately million. The Company regularly reviews its deferred tax assets for recoverability to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that they will be realized. In making this evaluation, the Company considers the statutory recovery periods for the assets, along with available sources of future taxable income, including reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies, history of taxable income, and projections of future income. The Company gives more significance to objectively verifiable evidence, such as the existence of deferred tax liabilities that are forecast to generate taxable income within the relevant carryover periods, and a history of earnings. A valuation allowance is provided when the Company concludes, based on all available evidence, that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized during the applicable recovery period. The Company has reviewed these factors in evaluating the recoverability of its deferred tax assets. As of July 29, 2023, the Company anticipates sufficient future taxable income to realize all of its deferred tax assets within the applicable recovery periods with the exception of certain foreign tax credits, charitable contribution carryovers and state net operating losses. Accordingly, the Company has established valuation allowances against that portion of its charitable contribution carryovers, state net operating losses and foreign tax credits that, in the Company s judgment, are not likely to be realized within the applicable recovery periods. 
 
 At July 29, 2023, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million for federal income tax purposes that are subject to an annual limitation of approximately million under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. These Section 382-limited carryforwards expire at various times through fiscal year 2027. As of July 29, 2023, the Company anticipates sufficient future taxable income over the periods in which the net operating losses can be utilized. The Company also has the availability of future reversals of taxable temporary differences that are expected to generate taxable income in the future. Therefore, the ultimate realization of net operating losses for federal purposes appears more likely than not at July 29, 2023 and correspondingly no valuation allowance has been established. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 million that are available for carryforward over five years. As of July 29, 2023, the Company anticipates sufficient future taxable income to utilize million of these charitable contribution carryovers within the applicable five-year carryforward periods. The Company has established a valuation allowance against the million of charitable contribution carryovers that, in the Company s judgement, are not likely to be realized within the applicable recovery period. 
 
 The retained earnings of the Company s non-U.S. subsidiary were subject to deemed U.S. repatriation and taxation during fiscal 2017 pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and existing foreign tax credits were utilized to offset the resulting liability. We have established a deferred tax asset for the remaining U.S. foreign tax credits of million. Such credits are offset by a valuation allowance. 
 
 Effective Tax Rate 
 
 The Company s effective income tax rate for continuing operations was a benefit rate of on pre-tax income for fiscal 2023 as compared to an expense rate of and on pre-tax income for fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. For fiscal 2021, the effective tax rate was reduced by solar and employment tax credits, including the tax credit impact of a fiscal 2021 investment in an equity method partnership, the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits, excess tax deductions attributable to share-based compensation and inventory deductions, as well as the impact of favorable return-to-provision adjustments. For fiscal 2022, the effective tax rate was reduced by the impact of discrete tax benefits related to employee stock awards and the release of unrecognized tax positions, partially offset by non-deductible executive compensation. For fiscal 2023, the effective tax rate was impacted by solar credits, including the tax credit impact of a fiscal 2023 investment in an equity method partnership and solar credits associated with a solar array installation at the Company s Howell Township, New Jersey facility. The effective tax rate was also impacted by the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and excess tax deductions attributable to share-based compensation. The combined impact of these fiscal 2023 tax benefits exceeded pre-tax income, generating an overall tax benefit rate for fiscal 2023. 

Net effect of dilutive stock awards based upon the treasury stock method Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per share (1) : 
 Continuing operations Discontinued operations Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share (1) : 
 Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings per share Anti-dilutive share-based awards excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share 
 (1) Earnings per share amounts are calculated using actual unrounded figures. 

91 

Table of Contents 

 reportable segments: Wholesale and Retail. These reportable segments are distinct businesses, each with a different customer base, marketing strategy and management structure. The Company organizes and operates the Wholesale reportable segment through U.S geographic regions: East, Central and West, and Canada Wholesale, which is operated separately from the U.S. Wholesale business. The U.S. Wholesale and Canada Wholesale operating segments have similar products and services, customer channels, distribution methods and economic characteristics, and therefore have been aggregated into a single reportable segment. Reportable segments are reviewed on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate a change in reportable segments has occurred. 
 
 The Wholesale reportable segment is engaged in the distribution of grocery and non-food products, and provides support services to retailers in the United States and Canada. The Retail reportable segment derives revenues from the sale of groceries and other products at retail locations operated by the Company. The Company has additional operating segments that do not meet the quantitative thresholds for reportable segments and are therefore aggregated under the caption of Other. Other includes a single location food manufacturing business, which engages in the importing, roasting, packaging and distributing of nuts, dried fruit, seeds, trail mixes, granola, natural and organic snack items and confections, and the Company s natural branded product lines, primarily Blue Marble Brands. Other also includes certain corporate operating expenses that are not allocated to operating segments, which include, among other expenses, restructuring, acquisition and integration related expenses, share-based compensation, and salaries, retainers, and other related expenses of certain officers and all directors. Wholesale records revenues related to sales to Retail at gross margin rates consistent with sales to other similar wholesale customers. 
 
 Segment earnings include revenues and costs attributable to each of the respective business segments and certain allocated corporate overhead, based on the segment s estimated consumption of corporately managed resources. The Company s measure of segment profit is Adjusted EBITDA, as disclosed below. The Company allocates certain corporate capital expenditures and identifiable assets to its business segments and retains certain depreciation expense related to those assets within Other. Non-operating expenses that are not allocated to the operating segments are included in the Other segment. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Retail 
 Other 
 Eliminations 
 ) ) ) Total Net sales Continuing operations Adjusted EBITDA: Wholesale 
 Retail 
 Other 
 ) Eliminations 
 ) ) Adjustments: 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net periodic benefit income, excluding service cost Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income, net Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Share-based compensation (2) 
 ) ) ) LIFO charge ) ) ) Restructuring, acquisition, and integration related expenses ) ) ) (Loss) gain on sale of assets and other asset charges ) Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal (charges) benefit ) ) Other retail expense ) ) Business transformation costs ) Income from continuing operations before income taxes Depreciation and amortization: 
 Wholesale 
 Retail 
 Other 
 Total depreciation and amortization 
 Payments for capital expenditures: 
 Wholesale 
 Retail 
 Total capital expenditures 
 
 (1) For fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, as presented in Note 3 Revenue Recognition, the Company recorded million, million and million, respectively, within Net sales in its Wholesale reportable segment attributable to Wholesale to Retail sales that have been eliminated upon consolidation. 
 (2) Fiscal 2022 and 2021 include an immaterial amount of liability-settled share compensation expense. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Retail Other Eliminations ) ) Total assets 

to , with a weighted average remaining term of approximately . For each guarantee issued, if the wholesale customer or other third-party defaults on a payment, the Company would be required to make payments under its guarantee. Generally, the guarantees are secured by indemnification agreements or personal guarantees. The Company reviews performance risk related to its guarantee obligations based on internal measures of credit performance. As of July 29, 2023, the maximum amount of undiscounted payments the Company would be required to make in the event of default of all guarantees was million million on a discounted basis). Based on the indemnification agreements, personal guarantees and results of the reviews of performance risk, as of July 29, 2023, a total estimated loss of million is recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company is a party to a variety of contractual agreements under which it may be obligated to indemnify the other party for certain matters in the ordinary course of business, which indemnities may be secured by operation of law or otherwise. These agreements primarily relate to the Company s commercial contracts, service agreements, contracts entered into for the purchase and sale of stock or assets, operating leases and other real estate contracts, financial agreements, agreements to provide services to the Company and agreements to indemnify officers, directors and employees in the performance of their work. While the Company s aggregate indemnification obligations could result in a material liability, the Company is not aware of any matters that are expected to result in a material liability. amount has been recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for these contingent obligations as the fair value has been determined to be de minimis. 
 
 In connection with Supervalu s sale of New Albertson s, Inc. NAI on March 21, 2013, the Company remains contingently liable with respect to certain self-insurance commitments and other guarantees as a result of parental guarantees issued by Supervalu with respect to the obligations of NAI that were incurred while NAI was Supervalu s subsidiary. Based on the expected settlement of the self-insurance claims that underlie the Company s commitments, the Company believes that such contingent liabilities will continue to decline. Subsequent to the sale of NAI, NAI collateralized most of these obligations with letters of credit and surety bonds to numerous state governmental authorities. Because NAI remains a primary obligor on these self-insurance and other obligations and has collateralized most of the self-insurance obligations for which the Company remains contingently liable, the Company believes that the likelihood that it will be required to assume a material amount of these obligations is remote. Accordingly, no amount has been recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for these guarantees, as the fair value has been determined to be de minimis. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 million of non-cancelable future purchase obligations, most of which will be paid and utilized in the ordinary course within one year. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is one of dozens of companies that have been named in various lawsuits alleging that drug manufacturers, retailers and distributors contributed to the national opioid epidemic. Currently, UNFI, primarily through its subsidiary, Advantage Logistics, is named in approximately suits pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio where thousands of cases have been consolidated as Multi-District Litigation MDL ). In accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 10, 2013, between New Albertson s Inc. New Albertson s and the Company (the Stock Purchase Agreement ), New Albertson s is defending and indemnifying UNFI in a majority of the cases under a reservation of rights as those cases relate to New Albertson s pharmacies. In one of the MDL cases, MDL No. 2804 filed by The Blackfeet Tribe of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, all defendants were ordered to Answer the Complaint, which UNFI did on July 26, 2019. To date, no discovery has been conducted against UNFI in any of the actions. On October 7, 2022, the MDL Court issued an order directing the Company and numerous other non-litigating defendants to submit by November 1, 2022, a list of opioid cases where the Company is named and opioid dispensing and distribution data. The Company produced the data in compliance with the order. On March 8, 2023, the Company received a subpoena from the Consumer Protection Division of the Maryland Attorney General s Office seeking records related to the distribution and dispensing of opioids. The Company is in the process of gathering responsive documents and responding to the subpoena. The Company believes these claims are without merit and is vigorously defending this matter. 
 
 On January 21, 2021, various health plans filed a complaint in Minnesota state court against the Company, Albertson s Companies, LLC Albertson s and Safeway, Inc. alleging the defendants committed fraud by improperly reporting inflated prices for prescription drugs for members of health plans. The Plaintiffs assert causes of action against the defendants: common law fraud, fraudulent nondisclosure, negligent misrepresentation, unjust enrichment, violation of the Minnesota Uniform Deceptive Trade Practices Act and violation of the Minnesota Prevention of Consumer Fraud Act. The plaintiffs allege that between 2006 and 2016, Supervalu overcharged the health plans by not providing the health plans, as part of usual and customary prices, the benefit of discounts given to customers purchasing prescription medication who requested that Supervalu match competitor prices. Plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of damages. Similar to the above case, for the majority of the relevant period Supervalu and Albertson s operated as a combined company. In March 2013, Supervalu divested Albertson s and pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, Albertson s is responsible for any claims regarding its pharmacies. On February 19, 2021, Albertson s and Safeway removed the case to Minnesota Federal District Court and on March 22, 2021, plaintiffs filed a motion to remand to state court. On February 26, 2021, defendants filed a motion to dismiss. The hearing on the remand motion and motions to dismiss occurred on May 20, 2021. On September 21, 2021, the Federal District Court remanded the case to Minnesota state court and did not rule on the motion to dismiss, which was refiled in state court. On February 1, 2022, the state court denied the motion to dismiss. The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this matter. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

million, not including trebling and statutory penalties. For the majority of the relevant period Supervalu and New Albertson s operated as a combined company. In March 2013, Supervalu divested New Albertson s (and related assets) pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement. Based on the claims that are currently pending and the Stock Purchase Agreement, Supervalu s share of a potential award (at the currently claimed value by relators) would be approximately million, not including trebling and statutory penalties. Both sides moved for summary judgment. On August 5, 2019, the Court granted one of the relators summary judgment motions finding that the defendants lower matched prices are the usual and customary prices and that Medicare Part D and Medicaid were entitled to those prices. On July 2, 2020, the Court granted the defendants summary judgment motion and denied the relators motion, dismissing the case. On July 9, 2020, the relators filed a notice of appeal with the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeal. On August 12, 2021, the Seventh Circuit affirmed the District Court s decision granting summary judgment in defendants favor. On September 23, 2021, the relators filed a petition for rehearing. On December 3, 2021, the Seventh Circuit denied the petition for rehearing. On April 1, 2022, the relators filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme Court which was granted on January 13, 2023. Oral argument took place in the Supreme Court on April 18, 2023. On June 1, 2023, the Supreme Court reversed and vacated the lower court s judgement and remanded the case to the Seventh Circuit for further proceedings. On July 27, 2023, the Seventh Circuit vacated the summary judgement order and remanded to the District Court. On August 22, 2023, the District Court set the trial date for April 29, 2024, and indicated it would allow further summary judgement motions, which the Company anticipates filing. 
 
 From time to time, the Company receives notice of claims or potential claims or becomes involved in litigation, alternative dispute resolution, such as arbitration, or other legal and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of its business, including investigations and claims regarding employment law, including wage and hour (including class actions); pension plans; labor union disputes, including unfair labor practices, such as claims for back-pay in the context of labor contract negotiations and other matters; supplier, customer and service provider contract terms and claims, including matters related to supplier or customer insolvency or general inability to pay obligations as they become due; product liability claims, including those where the supplier may be insolvent and customers or consumers are seeking recovery against the Company; real estate and environmental matters, including claims in connection with its ownership and lease of a substantial amount of real property, both retail and warehouse properties; and antitrust. Other than as described above, there are no pending material legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or to which its property is subject. 
 
 Predicting the outcomes of claims and litigation and estimating related costs and exposures involves substantial uncertainties that could cause actual outcomes, costs and exposures to vary materially from current expectations. Management regularly monitors the Company s exposure to the loss contingencies associated with these matters and may from time to time change its predictions with respect to outcomes and estimates with respect to related costs and exposures. As of July 29, 2023, no material accrued obligations, individually or in the aggregate, have been recorded for these legal proceedings. 
 
 Although management believes it has made appropriate assessments of potential and contingent loss in each of these cases based on current facts and circumstances, and application of prevailing legal principles, there can be no assurance that material differences in actual outcomes from management s current assessments, costs and exposures relative to current predictions and estimates, or material changes in such predictions or estimates will not occur. The occurrence of any of the foregoing, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses Income from discontinued operations before income taxes Benefit for income taxes ) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 
 No net sales were recorded within continuing operations for retail stores within discontinued operations that the Company disposed of and expects to dispose of without a supply agreement. These net sales have been eliminated upon consolidation within the Wholesale segment of continuing operations and amounted to million in fiscal 2021. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report (the Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 29, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on its assessment, our management concluded that, as of July 29, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 29, 2023 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its attestation report which is included in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f)) occurred during the fiscal quarter ended July 29, 2023 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 , , our , an existing 10b5-1 sales plan dated December 21, 2022 and following such termination sales plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The plan provides for the potential sale, on the dates and at the prices set forth in the plan, of up to shares of our common stock from October 2, 2023 through the plan s end date of June 7, 2024. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 PART III. 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained, in part, in our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on December 19, 2023 (the Proxy Statement under the captions Directors and Nominees for Director, Executive Officers of the Company, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, if applicable, Committees of the Board of Directors, Nomination of Directors, and Stockholder Director Recommendations and Proxy Access and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 We have adopted a code of conduct and ethics that applies to all employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Our code of conduct and ethics is publicly available on our website at www.unfi.com and is available free of charge by writing to United Natural Foods, Inc., 11840 Valley View Road, Eden Prairie, MN 55344, Attn: Investor Relations. We intend to make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, the provisions of the code of conduct and ethics on our website at www.unfi.com. Please note that our website address is provided as an inactive textual reference only. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the captions Director Compensation, Executive Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Executive Compensation Tables, Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control, CEO Pay Ratio, Compensation Risk, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Report of the Compensation Committee and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the caption Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence and is incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the captions Fees Paid to KPMG LLP and Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services, and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV. 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)1. Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (a)2. Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or the information required is included in our consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto included in Item 8 hereof. (a)3. (b) Exhibits: 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 25, 2018, by and among SUPERVALU INC., SUPERVALU Enterprises, Inc., the Registrant and Jedi Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 26, 2018). 
 2.2 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 10, 2018, by and among United Natural Foods, Inc., Jedi Merger Sub, Inc., SUPERVALU INC. and SUPERVALU Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 10, 2018). 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended (restated for SEC filing purposes only) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2015). 
 3.2 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 2023). 
 4.1 Specimen Certificate for shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value, of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 1, 2009). 
 4.2 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 10.1 United Natural Foods, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2012) (the 2012 Equity Plan ). 
 10.2 Form of Terms and Conditions of Grant of Non-Statutory Stock Options to Employee, pursuant to the 2012 Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 26, 2013). 
 10.3 United Natural Foods, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on November 6, 2015) (the A R 2012 Equity Plan ). 
 10.4+ Agreement for the Distribution of Products, effective September 28, 2015, between Whole Foods Market Distribution, Inc. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2015). 
 10.5 First Amendment to Agreement for Distribution of Products, dated March 3, 2021, between the Registrant and Whole Foods Market Distribution, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 4, 2021). 
 10.6 Loan Agreement, dated June 3, 2022, by and among the Registrant, UNFI Canada, Inc., the financial institutions that are parties thereto as lenders, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2022). 
 10.7 Term Loan Agreement, dated October 22, 2018, by and among United Natural Foods, Inc., SUPERVALU INC., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent for the lenders, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2018). 
 10.8 Amendment No. 1 to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2021, by and among the Registrant and SUPERVALU INC., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Goldman Sachs Bank USA and the other lender parties thereto (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2021). 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.9 Amendment No. 2 to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2021, by and among the Registrant and SUPERVALU INC., CreditSuisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch and the other lender parties thereto (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2021). 
 10.10 Amendment No. 3 to Term Loan Agreement, dated June 3, 2022, by and among the Registrant and SUPERVALU INC., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch and the other lender parties thereto (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2022). 
 10.11 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2018 and effective as of October 22, 2018, by and among United Natural Foods, Inc. and Steven L. Spinner (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2018). 
 10.12 Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Steven L. Spinner (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 1, 2020). 
 10.13 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Steven L. Spinner (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2021). 
 10.14 Form of Second Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2018). 
 10.15 Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2018). 
 10.16 Indenture, dated October 22, 2020, among the Registrant, its subsidiary guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 26, 2020). 
 10.17 Change of Control Severance Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2015, by and among SUPERVALU INC. and Michael Stigers (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2021). 
 10.18 Transition Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2018, by and among the Registrant, SUPERVALU INC. and Michael Stigers (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2021). 
 10.19 First Amendment to Transition Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2019, by and among the Registrant, SUPERVALU INC. and Michael Stigers (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2021). 
 10.20 Second Amendment to Transition Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2020, by and among the Registrant, SUPERVALU INC. and Michael Stigers (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2021). 
 10.21 Third Amendment to Transition Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2021, by and among the Registrant, SUPERVALU INC. and Michael Stigers (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2021). 
 10.22 CEO Severance Agreement, dated effective August 9, 2021, between the Registrant and J. Alexander Miller Douglas (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021). 
 10.23 CEO Change in Control Agreement, dated effective August 9, 2021, between the Registrant and J. Alexander Miller Douglas (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021). 
 10.24 CEO Indemnification Agreement, dated effective August 9, 2021, between the Registrant and J. Alexander Miller Douglas (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021). 
 10.25 Form of RSU Award Agreement (CEO) pursuant to the Registrant s Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2021). 
 10.26 Form of PSU Award Agreement (CEO) pursuant to the Registrant s Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2021). 
 10.27 Form of Inducement RSU Award Agreement (CEO) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2021). 
 10.28 Form of Inducement PSU Award Agreement (CEO) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2021). 
 10.29 Waiver and Release Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Jill E. Sutton (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 29, 2022). 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.30 Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended on June 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 2021). 
 10.31 Form of RSU Award Agreement pursuant to the Registrant s Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 2021). 
 10.32 Form of PSU Award Agreement pursuant to the Registrant s Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 2021). 
 10.33 Form of Inducement RSU Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2021). 
 10.34 Form of RSU Award Agreement (Director) pursuant to the Registrant s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (for grants made beginning March 2020) (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 1, 2020). 
 10.35 United Natural Foods, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan, as further amended, effective as of March 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2023). 
 10.36 United Natural Foods, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan, as further amended, effective as of September 21, 2023. 
 10.37 Form of Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, effective as of October 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 30, 2022). 
 10.38 Consulting Agreement, effective as of October 31, 2022, by and among the Registrant and Eric Dorne (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 30, 2022) . 
 10.39 S econd Amended and Restated United Natural Foods, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of March 3, 20 23 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2023). 
 10.40 Form of RSU Award Agreement pursuant to Registrant s Second Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28, 2023). 
 10.41 F orm of PSU Award Agreement pursuant to the Registrant s Second Amended and Restated 2020 Equity I ncentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Registra nt s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 28 , 2023). 
 10.42 Addendum to Consulting Agreement, effective as of April 12, 2023, by and among the Registrant and Eric Dorne (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 2023). 
 10.43 Form of RSU Award Agreement (CEO) (for grants made after September 21, 2023) pursuant to the Registrant s Second Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.44 Form of PSU Award Agreement (CEO) (for grants made after September 21, 2023) pursuant to the Registrant s Second Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.45 Form of RSU Award Agreement (for grants made after September 21, 2023) pursuant to the Registrant s Second Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.46 Form of PSU Award Agreement (for grants made after September 21, 2023) pursuant to the Registrant s Second Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.47 Form of RSU Award Agreement (Director) (for grants made after September 21, 2023) pursuant to the Registrant s Second Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.48 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 97.1 Erroneously Awarded Incentive-Based Compensation Clawback Policy, effective October 2, 2023. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 101 The following materials from the United Natural Foods, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 The cover page from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 29, 2023, filed with the SEC on September 26, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + Confidential treatment has been requested and granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. /s/ JOHN W. HOWARD John W. Howard Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated: September 26, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Name Title Date /s/ J. ALEXANDER MILLER DOUGLAS Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director September 26, 2023 J. Alexander Miller Douglas /s/ JOHN W. HOWARD Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) September 26, 2023 John W. Howard /s/ R. ERIC ESPER Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) September 26, 2023 R. Eric Esper /s/ JACK L. STAHL Chairman September 26, 2023 Jack L. Stahl /s/ ERIC F. ARTZ Director September 26, 2023 Eric F. Artz /s/ ANN TORRE BATES Director September 26, 2023 Ann Torre Bates /s/ GLORIA R. BOYLAND Director September 26, 2023 Gloria R. Boyland /s/ DENISE M. CLARK Director September 26, 2023 Denise M. Clark /s/ DAPHNE J. DUFRESNE Director September 26, 2023 Daphne J. Dufresne /s/ MICHAEL S. FUNK Director September 26, 2023 Michael S. Funk /s/ JAMES L. MUEHLBAUER Director September 26, 2023 James L. Muehlbauer /s/ PETER A. ROY Director September 26, 2023 Peter A. Roy /s/ MOHAMMAD SHAMIM Director September 26, 2023 Mohammad Shamim 
 
 105 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex42descriptionofregistere.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED 
 UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following is a summary of the rights of the common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), of United Natural Foods, Inc. (the Company, we, us, or our ), which is the only class of securities of the Company that is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This description is based upon our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws and provisions of applicable law. We encourage you to read the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part, and the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL for additional information. 
 GENERAL 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of (1) 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock and (2) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value of 0.01 per share Preferred Stock ), which may be issued from time to time in one or more series. 
 COMMON STOCK 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by stockholders and are not entitled to cumulate their votes. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to any preferential dividend rights that may apply to shares of Preferred Stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to declare dividends and only then at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Holders of our Common Stock are not entitled to preemptive or conversion rights and the Common Stock is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon dissolution or liquidation of the Company, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the Company available for distribution to our stockholders, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights, if any, of any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. 
 Listing 
 Our Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol UNFI. 

Limitations on Rights of Holders of Common Stock - Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by our Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware law, without stockholder approval, to issue Preferred Stock in one or more series at any time or from time to time, and to fix the powers, designations, preferences and other rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of Preferred Stock with voting or conversion rights and dividend or liquidation preferences. Any such issuance of Preferred Stock could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our Common Stock or the likelihood that such holders would receive dividend payments or payments upon liquidation. The issuance of Preferred Stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company. 
 Forum Selection 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless the Company consents to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on the Company s behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty by a director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or a director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this forum selection provision. 
 ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS 
 General 
 Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and Delaware law may have the effect of impeding the acquisition of control of us. These provisions are designed to reduce, or have the effect of reducing, our vulnerability to unsolicited takeover attempts. 
 Delaware Takeover Statute 
 W e are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. Section 203 prohibits Delaware corporations from engaging, under some circumstances, in a business combination, which includes certain mergers or sales of at least 10 of the corporation s assets, with an interested stockholder, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless 
 prior to the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder s becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced or 
 at or subsequent to the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting 

of stockholders (and not by written consent) by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 An interested stockholder is generally defined to mean any person or entity that (i) is the owner of 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock, or (ii) is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder, and the affiliates and associates of such person. 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws do not permit our stockholders to take action by written consent, and, as a result, stockholders can only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. 
 Board of Directors Vacancies 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws authorize only our board of directors, and not our stockholders, to fill vacant directorships. These provisions could prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees and could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring, control of the Company. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure with regard to stockholder proposals and director nominations. To be timely, advance notice generally must be received by the Company no later than 120 days nor earlier than 150 days before the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting. The stockholder s submission must include certain specified information concerning the proposal or director nominee and the stockholder, including such stockholder s ownership of our common stock, as described in more detail in our Bylaws. Any nomination of candidates for election as a director by a stockholder must comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. These provisions may deter our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our meetings of stockholders. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 The authorized but unissued shares of our Common Stock will be available for future issuance without stockholder approval. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. In addition, our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, up to 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock enables our board of directors to make more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.36>
 3
 ex1036-amendedannualincent.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 
 Exhibit 10.36 

United Natural Foods, Inc. 
 Annual Incentive Plan 
 
 Effective September 25, 2019 most recently amended September 21, 2023 

Administration of Incentive Plan 
 
 This Annual Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan of United Natural Foods, Inc. (the Company is administered by the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of the Directors (the Board ). The Compensation Committee may delegate to certain associates or committees the authority to manage the day-to-day administrative operations of the Incentive Plan as it may deem advisable, and does hereby delegate to the Company s Senior Leadership Team (which shall include the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, and such other members as may serve on such team from time to time) the administration of the Incentive Plan as to all associates that are not executive officers as designated by the Company s Board. Any references to the Compensation Committee s administrative authority hereunder is understood to include such delegated authority to the Senior Leadership Team 
 
 The Compensation Committee (but not including the Senior Leadership Team) reserves the right to amend, modify, or terminate the Incentive Plan at any time in its sole discretion. 
 
 The Compensation Committee shall have the authority to establish and modify the terms of any individual s participation in the Incentive Plan, to determine the amount of any incentive payments for which a participant is eligible and the performance period to which such payments relate, to establish performance objectives in respect of such performance periods and to determine whether such performance objectives were attained. The Compensation Committee is authorized to interpret the Incentive Plan, to establish, amend and rescind any rules and regulations relating to the Incentive Plan, and to make any other determinations that it deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Incentive Plan. The Compensation Committee may correct any defect or omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Incentive Plan in the manner and to the extent the Compensation Committee deems necessary or desirable. Any decision of the Compensation Committee in the interpretation and administration of the Incentive Plan, as described herein, shall be subject to its sole and absolute discretion and shall be final, conclusive and binding on all parties concerned. Determinations made by the Compensation Committee under the Incentive Plan need not be uniform and may be made selectively among participants in the Incentive Plan, whether or not such participants are similarly situated . Any and all changes will be communicated to those associates participating in the Incentive Plan that are affected by the changes. 
 
 I. Incentive Plan Eligibility 
 
 The Compensation Committee shall determine the U.S. associates of the Company or its Subsidiaries who are eligible for participation in the Incentive Plan. 
 
 Participants in the Incentive Plan hired or promoted in the applicable fiscal year will be eligible for a prorated payout at the end of such fiscal year if the required performance objectives are achieved and the participant is actively employed with the Company on the date the payment is made. Additionally, if any participant receives a change in annual base salary (in the case of a participant who is classified as a salaried associate) or Specified Earnings (defined below) (in the case of an associate who is classified as an hourly associate) or bonus target during the performance period, the amount payable under the Incentive Plan, if any, will be prorated accordingly. In the case of a new hire, the prorated payment shall be calculated based on the number of days the participant was employed by the Company in such fiscal year compared to the total number of days in such fiscal year. In the case of a promotion, bonus target, or other change to annual base salary or Specified Earnings, the prorated payment shall be calculated based on the number of days at each rate of pay in such fiscal year, compared to the number of days in such fiscal year. 
 
 For purposes of the Incentive Plan, Specified Earnings means regular, incentive, overtime, and premium pay. 

2 

All Incentive Plan participants must accept the commitment and responsibility to perform all duties in compliance with the Company s Code of Conduct. Any participant who manipulates or attempts to manipulate the Incentive Plan for personal gain at the expense of customers, other associates, or Company objectives will be subject to appropriate disciplinary actions. 
 
 Participants must not divulge to any outsider (other than the Company s financial, accounting and legal advisors) any non-public information regarding this Incentive Plan or any specific performance objectives applicable to the participant or any other participant. 
 
 Participation in the Incentive Plan does not constitute a contract or promise of employment between the Company and any participant in the Incentive Plan, and nothing in the Incentive Plan shall be construed as conferring on a participant any right to continue in the employment of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Any promise or representations, oral or written, which are inconsistent with or different from the terms of the Incentive Plan are invalid. 
 
 Participation in and receipt of payment under the Incentive Plan requires that participants comply with the covenants in Part IV below. 
 
 II. Termination Provisions 
 
 Participants in the Incentive Plan must be actively employed with the Company on the date that payment under the Incentive Plan is to be made to be eligible for such payment, except as described below or as otherwise set forth in any written agreement between the Company and the participant. Payment under the Incentive Plan is made as soon as administratively practicable after the Company s Board of Directors has approved the calculation of payments hereunder, which will generally be 10 to 12 weeks following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 
 If a participant s employment is terminated due to death, the Company shall pay to the participant s estate, subject to applicable withholding and deductions, any Earned Incentive Compensation (as hereinafter defined) as soon as administratively practicable following such participant s death, but no later than December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the participant s death occurs. 
 
 If a participant s employment is terminated due to Retirement (as defined below), or by the Company without Cause (as hereinafter defined) under circumstances that would qualify the participant for benefits under the United Natural Foods, Inc. Severance Pay Plan for Non-Union Associates (as amended from time to time) Severance Plan ), or a participant resigns for Good Reason (as hereinafter defined), then, subject to any limitation imposed under applicable law, and any other agreement between the Company and the participant, the Company shall pay to the participant, subject to applicable withholding and deductions, any Earned Incentive Compensation (as hereinafter defined), when such Earned Incentive Compensation would otherwise be payable, if the participant s employment was not terminated, but no later than December 31 of the calendar year following the end of the Company s fiscal year in which the termination date occurred. 
 
 For purposes of the Incentive Plan, Retirement means the termination of the participant s employment with the Company and all of its Subsidiaries on or after the date on which both of the following have occurred (i) the participant has attained fifty-nine (59) years of age and (ii) the date the participant has provided ten (10) years of service to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Years of service will be calculated as full years since the participant s most recent hire date or rehire date, which means the applicable date on file for the participant in the Company s human resources books and records, determined in the Company s sole discretion. 
 
 Earned Incentive Compensation consists of (a) to the extent not previously paid, the incentive compensation that the participant would otherwise receive based on the Company s actual performance for 
 
 3 

the most recent fiscal year ended before the participant s termination date and (b) the Pro-Rated Portion (as hereinafter defined) of any incentive compensation that the participant would otherwise receive, based on the Company s actual performance for the fiscal year during which the participant s employment is terminated, provided, however, in the case of a participant s death only, such incentive compensation shall be based on the participant s target incentive compensation (i.e., a percentage of the participant s annual base salary (in the case of a participant who is classified as a salaried associate) or Specified Earnings (in the case of a participant who is classified as an hourly associate)), without regard to attainment of any performance objective. The Pro-Rated Portion shall be the portion represented by the number of days in such fiscal year prior to the participant s termination date, compared to the total number of days in such fiscal year. 
 
 If a participant is terminated for Cause at any time, he or she will not be eligible for any payment under the Incentive Plan and shall forfeit any payments that may have been due to the participant under the Incentive Plan prior to or subsequent to the participant s employment being terminated for Cause. Cause means, unless otherwise defined in a written agreement between the participant and the Company, (i) conviction of the participant under applicable law of (A) any felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude (ii) unauthorized acts intended to result in the participant s personal enrichment at the material expense of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate or their reputation (iii) any violation of the participant s duties or responsibilities to the Company or a subsidiary or affiliate of the Company which constitutes willful misconduct or dereliction of duty or (iv) material breach of the Company s Code of Conduct or the covenants described in Section IV of this Plan. 
 
 In addition, if a participant is terminated other than for Cause and under circumstances that do not qualify the participant for benefits under the Severance Plan, he or she will not be eligible for any payment under the Incentive Plan except to the extent that such termination results in an a separation agreement between the participant and the Company, and the participant is entitled to Earned Incentive Compensation (or such other amount as may be mutually agreed) pursuant to the terms of such separation agreement. 
 
 If a participant becomes disabled or is granted a leave of absence for any other reason in any fiscal year, amounts owed hereunder shall be governed by the provisions of the United Natural Foods, Inc. Leave of Absence Policy (Long-Term and Annual Incentive Plans) (or any replacement policy) as in effect at the time such leave of absence commenced. Except as otherwise provided in a written agreement between the Company and a participant, if a participant voluntarily terminates his or her employment under circumstances that do not qualify as a Retirement or resignation for Good Reason before the date that payment under the Incentive Plan is to be made, the participant will not be eligible for any payment under the Incentive Plan. 
 
 Unless otherwise specified by any applicable severance plans or severance, employment, change in control or other written agreement to which a participant is subject (in which case, there shall be no duplication of benefits) or by the Compensation Committee at the time when performance objectives are established with respect to the applicable fiscal year, in the event of a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined), then, subject to the Compensation Committee s ability to exercise negative discretion to reduce the size of any payments hereunder pursuant to the first paragraph of Section V , each participant eligible to receive incentive compensation hereunder shall receive an amount of incentive compensation based upon achievement at the target level of the applicable performance objectives for the full fiscal year, with such payments being due and payable on a date selected by the Company that is not later than the first payroll date following the Change in Control. 

Change in Control means, unless otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, the happening of one of the following 
 
 (I) any person , including a group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act but excluding the 
 
 4 

Company, any of its affiliates, or any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its affiliates) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing the greater of 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities 
 
 (ii) the stockholders of the Company shall approve a definitive agreement and a transaction is consummated (1) for the merger or other business combination of the Company with or into another corporation if (A) a majority of the directors of the surviving corporation were not directors of the Company immediately prior to the effective date of such merger or (B) the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to the effective date of such merger own less than 60 of the combined voting power in the then outstanding securities in such surviving corporation or (2) for the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company 
 
 (iii) the purchase of 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities pursuant to any tender or exchange offer made by any person , including a group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company, any of its affiliates, or any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its affiliates or 
 
 (iv) the disposal of any line of business representing at least 15 of the Company s consolidated net sales for the then-most recently completed fiscal year provided, however, that such disposal shall only be deemed a Change in Control for participants primarily employed in the line of business disposed of, who cease to be employed by the Company following the disposition. 
 
 Good Reason means, unless otherwise provided in a written agreement between the participant and the Company, the occurrence of any one or more of the following without the participant s express written consent (i) the assignment of duties to a participant that are materially adversely inconsistent with the participant s duties immediately prior to thereto and failure to rescind such assignment within thirty (30) days of receipt of notice from the participant (ii) a material reduction in a participant s title, authority or reporting status as compared to such title, authority or reporting status immediately prior to thereto, (iii) the Company s requirement that a participant relocate more than fifty (50) miles from the participant s place of employment prior to the place the participant performed such duties prior thereto (iv) a reduction in the participant s base salary as in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control or the failure of the Company to pay or cause to be paid any compensation or benefits when due, and failure to restore such annual base salary or make such payments within five (5) days of receipt of notice from the participant (v) the failure to include the participant in any new employee benefit plans proposed by the Company or a material reduction in the participant s level of participation in any existing plans of any type provided that a Company-wide reduction or elimination of such plans shall not constitute Good Reason for purposes of this Incentive Plan or (vi) the failure of the Company to obtain a satisfactory agreement from the acquiring party in a Change in Control to assume and provide the payments contemplated hereunder provided that, in each case, (A) within sixty (60) days of the initial occurrence of the specified event the participant has given the Company or any successor to the Company at least thirty (30) days to cure the Good Reason, (B) the Company or any such successor has not cured the Good Reason within the thirty (30) day period and (C) the participant resigns within ninety (90) days from the initial occurrence of the event giving rise to the Good Reason. 
 
 III Performance Measures 
 
 Participants in the Incentive Plan may receive a cash payment upon the attainment of performance objectives which may be corporate and or individual objectives and which will be communicated to the participant by the Compensation Committee. The percentage of any amount payable pursuant to the Incentive Plan shall be based on the weights assigned to the applicable performance objective by the Compensation Committee. Each participant s target incentive payment is based on a designated percentage of the participant s annual base salary (in the case of a participant who is classified as a 
 
 5 

salaried associate) or Specified Earnings (in the case of a participant who is classified as an hourly associate) and is established by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee shall determine whether and to what extent each performance objective has been met. In determining whether and to what extent a performance objective has been met, the Compensation Committee may consider such matters as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. 
 
 IV. Restrictive Covenants 
 
 (a) Confidential Information . Participant shall not disclose or reveal to any unauthorized person or knowingly use for participant s own benefit or another person or entity s benefit, any trade secret or other confidential information relating to the Company, or to any of the businesses operated by it, including, without limitation, any customer lists, customer needs, price and performance information, processes, specifications, hardware, software, devices, supply sources and characteristics, business opportunities, potential business interests, marketing, promotional pricing and financing techniques, or other information relating to the business of the Company Confidential Information ), and participant confirms that Confidential Information constitutes the exclusive property of the Company. Such restrictions shall not apply to information which is (i) generally available in the industry or (ii) disclosed through no fault of participant or (iii) required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable law or regulation or the order of a governmental or regulatory body (provided that the Company is given reasonable notice of any such required disclosure). Participant agrees that participant will immediately return to the Company upon request, but in any event upon termination of employment, any physical embodiment of any Confidential Information and or any summaries containing any Confidential Information, in whole in part, in any media. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section IV prohibits participant from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation. Participant does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures, and participant is not required to notify the Company that participant has made such reports or disclosure. 
 Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has provided participant with written notice below that the Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), provides an immunity for the disclosure of a trade secret to report suspected violations of law and or in an anti-retaliation lawsuit, as follows 
 (1) IMMUNITY. An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that 
 (A) is made 
 (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and 
 (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or 
 (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 (2) USE OF TRADE SECRET INFORMATION IN ANTI-RETALIATION LAWSUIT. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual 
 (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and 
 (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 6 

(b) Non-Competition . Except with the prior written consent of the Company s Board of Directors, during the term of employment, and, unless otherwise prohibited by law, for a period of one year following termination of such employment for any reason (the Restricted Period ), Participant shall not engage, directly or indirectly in Competition with the Company. Competition means providing services in the Restricted Area in any capacity (whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, principal, agent, partner, officer, director, investor, or shareholder, except as a shareholder of less than five (5 percent of a publicly traded company) to a Competitor of the Company that (i) are the same or similar in function or purpose to the services participant provided to the Company or (ii) will likely result in the disclosure of Confidential Information to a Competitor or the use of Confidential Information on behalf of a Competitor. The Restricted Area means the geographic area participant served at any time during the previous two years of Participant s employment. For avoidance of doubt, if participant s job duties encompassed the United States, the Restricted Area shall be the United States. Competitor means any person, corporation, joint venture or other entity that provides one or more of the business offerings of the Company, including new products or services under active consideration by the Company at the time of participant s termination. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation Business Partners . During the Restricted Period, participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with its Business Partners by soliciting or communicating (regardless of who initiates the communication) with a Business Partner to (i) induce or encourage the Business Partner to stop doing business or reduce its business with the Company, or (ii) buy a product or service that competes with a product or service offered by the Company s business. Business Partner means a customer (person or entity), prospective customer (person or entity), supplier or manufacturer with which the Company has a business relationship and with which participant had business-related contact or dealings, or about which participant received Confidential Information, in the two years prior to the termination of participant s employment with the Company. 
 (d) Non-Solicitation Employees Contractors . During the Restricted Period, participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with any employee or contractor of the Company by (i) soliciting or communicating with the employee or contractor to induce or encourage him or her to leave the Company s employ or engagement (regardless of who first initiates the communication) (ii) helping another person or entity evaluate such employee or contractor as an employment or contractor candidate or (iii) otherwise helping any person or entity hire an employee or contractor away from the Company. 
 (e) Participant hereby acknowledges that participant will treat as for the Company s sole benefit, and fully and promptly disclose and assign to the Company without additional compensation, all ideas, information, discoveries, inventions and improvements which are based upon or related to any Confidential Information protected under Section 5(a) herein, and which are made, conceived or reduced to practice by participant during participant s period of employment by the Company and the Restricted Period. The provisions of this subsection (e) shall apply whether such ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements or knowledge are conceived, made or gained by participant alone or with others, whether during or after usual working hours, either on or off the job, directly or indirectly related to the Company s business interests (including potential business interests), and whether or not within the realm of participant s duties. 
 (f) Participant shall, upon request of the Company, but at no expense to participant, at any time during or after employment by the Company, sign all instruments and documents and cooperate in such other acts reasonably required to protect rights to the ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements and knowledge referred to above, including applying for, obtaining and enforcing patents and copyrights thereon in any and all countries. 
 (g) During the Restricted Period, upon reasonable request of the Company, the participant shall cooperate in any internal or external investigation, litigation or any dispute relating to any matter in which he or she was involved during his or her employment with the Company provided, however, that the participant shall not be obligated to spend time and or travel in connection with such cooperation to the extent that it would unreasonably interfere with the participant s other commitments and obligations. The 
 
 7 

Company shall reimburse the participant for all expenses the participant reasonably incurs in so cooperating. 
 (h) Before accepting employment with any other person, organization or entity while employed by the Company and during the Restricted Period, the participant will inform such person, organization or entity of the restrictions contained in this Section. The participant further consents to notification by the Company to participant s subsequent employer or other third party of participant s obligations under this Section IV. 
 (i) The participant recognizes that the possible restrictions on the participant s activities which may occur as a result of the participant s performance of the participant s obligations under Sections (a) through (d) of this Section IV are required for the reasonable protection of the Company and its investments, and the participant expressly acknowledges that such restrictions are fair and reasonable for that purpose. The participant acknowledges that money damages would not be an adequate or sufficient remedy for any breach of Sections (a) through (d), and that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Sections (a) through (d), the Company, in addition to other rights and remedies existing in its favor, shall be entitled, as a matter of right, to injunctive relief, including specific performance, from a court of competent jurisdiction in order to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of Sections (a) through (d). The terms of this Section shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including but not limited to the recovery of damages from the participant. If any of the provisions of this Section IV are held to be in any respect an unreasonable restriction upon participant then they shall be deemed to extend only over the maximum period of time, geographic area, and or range of activities as to which they may be enforceable. The participant expressly agrees that all payments and benefits due the participant under this Section IV shall be subject to the participant s compliance with the provisions set forth in Sections (a) through (d). 
 
 V. Miscellaneous Provisions 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion and subject to any applicable requirements of Section 409A (as defined below), may, unless otherwise provided for in a written agreement between the Company and the participant, (i) reduce any amounts otherwise payable to a participant hereunder in order to satisfy any liabilities owed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by the participant and (ii) modify (upward or downward) the amount of any incentive payment based on such criteria it shall determine, including, but not limited to, financial results, individual performance, or other factors, and may base such modification on the recommendation of a participant s manager, the performance of the participant s business unit, the Company performance, or any other factors that the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, shall deem appropriate. 
 
 In the event of any material change in the business assets, liabilities or prospects of the Company, any division or any Subsidiary, the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion and without liability to any person may make such adjustments, if any, as it deems to be equitable as to any affected terms of outstanding awards. 
 
 The Company is the sponsor and legal obligor under the Incentive Plan and shall make all payments hereunder, other than any payments to be made by any of the Company s subsidiaries (in which case payment shall be made by such subsidiary, as appropriate). The Company shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund or to make any other segregation of assets to ensure the payment of any amounts under the Incentive Plan, and the participant s rights to the payment hereunder shall be not greater than the rights of the Company s (or its subsidiary s) unsecured creditors. All expenses involved in administering the Incentive Plan shall be borne by the Company. 
 
 The Incentive Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed in the State of Delaware. 
 
 8 

Each participant agrees that payouts under this Incentive Plan are subject to the Company s Recoupment (Clawback) Policy for performance-based incentive compensation or any other similar policy that may be adopted or amended thereafter by the Board or Compensation Committee from time to time, to conform to regulations related to recoupment or clawback of compensation adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and also further agrees to promptly return to the Company, if the Company shall so request, all or a portion of any incentive amounts paid to such participant pursuant to this Incentive Plan based upon financial information or performance objectives later found to be materially inaccurate and or otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Company s clawback policy, a copy of which will be made available to participants. The amount to be recovered shall be equal to the excess amount paid out over the amount that would have been paid out had such financial information or performance objective been fairly stated at the time the payout was made and or otherwise in accordance with the Company s clawback policy. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, may make payments (including pro rata payments) to participants who do not meet the eligibility requirements of the Incentive Plan, including, but not limited to, the length of service requirements described in Section II above if the Compensation Committee determines that such payments are in the best interest of the Company. 
 
 The Incentive Plan is intended to comply with or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and any rules, regulations or other official guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A and will be interpreted in a manner intended to comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at the time of the participant s separation from service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries the participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A, and the deferral of the commencement of any payments or benefits otherwise payable hereunder as a result of such separation from service is necessary in order to prevent the imposition of any accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, then the Company will defer the commencement of the payment of any such payments or benefits hereunder (without any reduction in such payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to the participant) until the date that is six months and one day following the participant s separation from service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A), if such payment or benefit is payable upon a separation from service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Each payment made under the Incentive Plan shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 
 If any provision of the Incentive Plan is, or becomes, or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to any participant, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to the applicable laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of the Incentive Plan, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction or participant and the remainder of the Incentive Plan shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 9 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.43>
 4
 ex1043-formofceorsuagreeme.htm
 EX-10.43

Document 
 Exhibit 10.43 

 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 
 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 time vesting for Chief Executive Officer 

This Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement effective as of _________ (the Grant Date ), between United Natural Foods, Inc. (the Company and ____________ (the Participant ), evidences an Award denominated in Restricted Share Units to the Participant under the United Natural Foods, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ). Except in the preceding sentence and where the context otherwise requires, the term Company shall include the Company and all present and future Subsidiaries. All capitalized terms that are used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Definitions. 
 
 (a) Participant , solely for the purpose of this Agreement, means the employee designated above. 
 
 (b) Restricted Share Unit means a right to receive a payment in the form of any one Share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan. 
 
 (c) Vesting Period means the period beginning on ____________ and ending on ____________. 
 
 2. Grant of Restricted Share Units. In consideration of services to be rendered by the Participant to the Company, the Company hereby grants to the Participant ____________ Restricted Share Units, on the terms and conditions and subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. The grant of Restricted Share Units shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.3 of the Plan. This grant is conditional upon the Participant signing a counterpart of this Agreement and delivering such signed counterpart to the Company within sixty (60) days of this Agreement, including by electronic means if provided by the Company pursuant to Section 18 
 
 3. Vesting & Effect of Separation from Service. 
 
 (a) Generally Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Plan, if the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company through the applicable vesting date, the Restricted Share Units will vest in accordance with the following schedule 
 
 Vesting Date Restricted Share Units 
 
 Vesting date Number or of shares that vest on the vesting date 
 
 Vesting date Number or of shares that vest on the vesting date 
 
 Vesting date Number or of shares that vest on the vesting date 

(b) Retirement In the event the Participant has a Separation from Service on account of Retirement (as defined below) in the 365-day period beginning on the Grant Date (the Grant Year ), the Pro-Rated Number of Restricted Share Units will continue to vest through the Vesting Period. The Pro-Rated Number shall be the product of (i) the total number of Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement and (ii) the quotient of (A) the number of days beginning with the Grant Date and ending on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service as a result of Retirement and (B) 365, the number of days in the Grant Year. In the event that the Participant has a Separation from Service on account of Retirement before the end of the Vesting Period but after the Grant Year, all of the then-unvested Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement will continue to vest through the Vesting Period. The rights of the Participant in the event of Retirement with respect to any then-unvested Restricted Share Units shall become non-forfeitable only at such time as the Shares issuable in settlement of such Restricted Stock Units would have been issued pursuant to Section 4 hereof had the Participant continued to be employed through the end of the Vesting Period. For purposes of this Agreement and notwithstanding the provisions of the Plan, Retirement means the Participant s retirement from employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates on or after the date on which both of the following have occurred (i) the Participant has attained 59 years of age and (ii) the Participant has provided six (6) years of service to the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Years of service will be calculated as full years since the Participant s most recent hire date or rehire date, which shall mean the applicable date on file for the Participant in the Company s human resources books and records, determined in the Company s sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Retirement does not include the Participant s Separation from Service for Cause. 
 
 (c) Death and Disability In the event that the Participant has a Separation from Service on account of death or Disability at any time after the Grant Date, all of the then-unvested Restricted Share Units shall fully vest. 
 
 (d) Change in Control In the event the Participant has a Separation from Service and such Separation from Services is not for Cause, or the Participant s Separation from Service is for Good Reason, in either case within twenty-four (24) months after a Change in Control (and before the Restricted Share Units otherwise have become vested under Section 3(a), (b) or (c)), the Participant shall vest in all of the Restricted Share Units granted under Section 2 of this Agreement and the Participant s rights to such Restricted Share Units shall become non-forfeitable as of the date of the Participant s Separation from Service. In the event that this Award is not assumed by the Acquiror in connection with a Change in Control, all of the Restricted Share Units shall vest immediately prior to the Change in Control and shall settle upon or immediately following the Change in Control (notwithstanding the longer period of time for settlement provided in Section 4 below). In the event that settlement of the Restricted Share Units at the time described above would result in the imposition of tax on the Participant (if the Participant is eligible for Retirement) pursuant to the operation of Code Section 409A (as defined below), such settlement shall take place on the earliest date upon which settlement may be made without resulting in the imposition of such tax. 
 
 (e) Separation from Service without Cause If the Participant has a Separation from Service without Cause (as defined in the Plan), then 
 
 (i) any unvested Restricted Share Units that were scheduled to vest within 365 days from the date of separation and were granted more than 365 days preceding the date of separation, shall vest effective as of the Release Finalization Date 
 
 (ii) the Separation Pro-Rated Number of Restricted Share Units that were scheduled to vest within 365 days from the date of separation, and were granted less than 365 days prior to the date of separation, shall vest effective as of the Release Finalization Date and 

2 

(iii) any remaining Restricted Share Units not vesting as provided above shall be forfeited effective as of the date of Separation from Service without Cause. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the vesting and payout of any Restricted Share Units pursuant to this Section 3(e) shall be subject to the satisfaction of any conditions required for payout of the Restricted Share Units pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan. In no event shall the accelerated vesting pursuant to this Section 3(e) accelerate the settlement of any Restricted Share Units if such Restricted Share Units are otherwise subject to Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 The Separation Pro-Rated Number shall be the product of (A) the total number of Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement less than 365 days prior to the date of Separation from Service without Cause and (B) the quotient of (1) the number of days from the Grant Date to the date of Separation from Service without Cause and (2) 365. 
 
 (f) Other Termination Except as provided in Section 3(b),(c), (d) or (e) above or as otherwise provided in any written agreement by and between the Company and the Participant, if the Participant s Separation from Service occurs for any reason prior to the expiration of the Vesting Period, all then-unvested Restricted Share Units shall be canceled immediately and shall not be payable to the Participant. 
 
 (g) Effect of Separate Written Agreement, Including Severance Agreement and or Change in Control Agreement In case of any conflict between the terms of this Section 3 and any written agreement, including any severance agreement and or change in control agreement, between the Company and the Participant, the terms of such written agreement shall control to the extent applicable. 
 
 4. Payment. The Company shall issue to the Participant one Share for each Restricted Share Unit which has become vested with respect to the vesting schedule pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement. The payment of the Shares shall be made to the Participant (or the Participant s assignee or beneficiary if permitted by the Plan or the Committee) in accordance with the Company s grant and award policy no later than March 15th of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the applicable vesting date set forth in Section 3 occurs and may be made as a book-entry confirmation or through the issuance of a certificate evidencing such Shares provided, however , that if the Participant is eligible for Retirement at any point during the Vesting Period, payment of the Shares shall be made as soon as practicable following the applicable vesting date set forth in Section 3, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which such vesting date occurs. 
 
 5. Rights as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares which may be issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Share Units (including, without limitation, voting rights and any rights to receive dividends or non-cash distributions with respect to such Shares) unless and until the Shares have been issued to the Participant. No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are issued. 
 
 6. Withholding. The Company s obligation to make payment of vested Restricted Share Units shall be subject to the Participant s satisfaction of any applicable federal, state, local and foreign withholding obligations or withholding taxes, including any employer minimum statutory withholding Withholding Taxes ), and the Participant shall pay the amount of any such Withholding Taxes to the Company as set forth in this Section 6. The Participant may satisfy his or her obligation to pay the Withholding Taxes by (i) having the Company withhold Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant pursuant to settlement of vested Restricted Share Units or (ii) delivering, actually or by attestation, to the Company shares of Common Stock already owned by the Participant provided that the amount of such Shares withheld or shares of Common Stock delivered (with the value of such Shares being based on the 
 
 3 

Fair Market Value of a Share of the Company s Common Stock as of the payment date as determined by the Committee) shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the minimum amount of Withholding Taxes. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to deduct from compensation or other amounts owing to the Participant an amount not to exceed the Withholding Taxes. 
 
 7. Covenants. As a condition to the receipt of the Award (which shall be forfeited in the event of noncompliance with this Section 7), the Participant hereby covenants with the Company as follows 
 
 (a) Confidential Information. The Participant shall not disclose or reveal to any unauthorized person or knowingly use for the Participant s own benefit, or another person or entity s benefit, any trade secret or other confidential information relating to the Company, or to any of the businesses operated by it, including, without limitation, any customer lists, customer needs, price and performance information, processes, specifications, hardware, software, devices, supply sources and characteristics, business opportunities, potential business interests, marketing, promotional pricing and financing techniques, or other information relating to the business of the Company Confidential Information ), and the Participant confirms that Confidential Information constitutes the exclusive property of the Company. Such restrictions shall not apply to information which is (i) generally available in the industry, or (ii) disclosed through no fault of the Participant, or (iii) required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable law or regulation or the order of a governmental or regulatory body (provided that the Company is given reasonable notice of any such required disclosure). The Participant agrees that Participant will immediately return to the Company upon request, but in any event upon Separation from Service, any physical embodiment of any Confidential Information and or any summaries containing any Confidential Information, in whole in part, in any media. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation. The Participant does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures, and the Participant is not required to notify the Company that the Participant has made such reports or disclosure. 
 The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has provided the Participant with written notice below that the Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), provides an immunity for the disclosure of a trade secret to report suspected violations of law and or in an anti-retaliation lawsuit, as follows 
 (1) IMMUNITY An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that 
 (A) is made 
 (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and 
 (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or 
 (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 (2) USE OF TRADE SECRET INFORMATION IN ANTI-RETALIATION LAWSUIT An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual 
 
 4 

(A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and 
 (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 (b) Non-Competition. Except with the prior written consent of the Company s Board of Directors, during the term of employment, and, unless otherwise prohibited by law, for a period of one year following the Participant s Separation from Service for any reason , (the Restricted Period ), the Participant shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in Competition with the Company. Competition means providing services in the Restricted Area in any capacity (whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, principal, agent, partner, officer, director, investor, or shareholder, except as a shareholder of less than five (5 percent of a publicly traded company) to a Competitor of the Company that (i) are the same or similar in function or purpose to the services the Participant provided to the Company or (ii) will likely result in the disclosure of Confidential Information to a Competitor or the use of Confidential Information on behalf of a Competitor. The Restricted Area means the geographic area the Participant served at any time during the previous two years of the Participant s employment. For avoidance of doubt, if the Participant s job duties encompassed the United States, the Restricted Area shall be the United States. Competitor means any person, corporation, joint venture or other entity that provides one or more of the business offerings of the Company, including new products or services under active consideration by the Company at the time of the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation Business Partners. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with its Business Partners by soliciting or communicating (regardless of who initiates the communication) with a Business Partner to (i) induce or encourage the Business Partner to stop doing business or reduce its business with the Company, or (ii) buy a product or service that competes with a product or service offered by the Company s business. Business Partner means a customer (person or entity), prospective customer (person or entity), supplier or manufacturer with which the Company has a business relationship and with which the Participant had business-related contact or dealings, or about which the Participant received Confidential Information, in the two years prior to the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 
 (d) Non-Solicitation Employees Contractors. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with any employee or contractor of the Company by (i) soliciting or communicating with the employee or contractor to induce or encourage him or her to leave the Company s employ or engagement (regardless of who first initiates the communication) (ii) helping another person or entity evaluate such employee or contractor as an employment or contractor candidate or (iii) otherwise helping any person or entity hire an employee or contractor away from the Company. 
 (e) The Participant hereby acknowledges that the Participant will treat as for the Company s sole benefit, and fully and promptly disclose and assign to the Company without additional compensation, all ideas, information, discoveries, inventions and improvements which are based upon or related to any Confidential Information protected under Section 7(a) herein, and which are made, conceived or reduced to practice by the Participant during the Participant s period of employment by the Company and the Restricted Period. The provisions of this Section 7(e) shall apply whether such ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements or knowledge are conceived, made or gained by the Participant alone or with others, whether during or after usual working hours, either on or off the job, directly or indirectly related to the Company s business interests (including potential business interests), and whether or not within the realm of the Participant s duties. 
 (f) The Participant shall, upon request of the Company, but at no expense to the Participant, at any time during or after employment by the Company, sign all instruments and documents and cooperate in such other acts reasonably required to protect rights to the ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements and 
 
 5 

knowledge referred to above, including applying for, obtaining and enforcing patents and copyrights thereon in any and all countries. 
 (g) During the Restricted Period, upon reasonable request of the Company, the Participant shall cooperate in any internal or external investigation, litigation or any dispute relating to any matter in which he or she was involved during his or her employment with the Company provided, however, that the Participant shall not be obligated to spend time and or travel in connection with such cooperation to the extent that it would unreasonably interfere with the Participant s other commitments and obligations. The Company shall reimburse the Participant for all expenses the Participant reasonably incurs in so cooperating. 
 (h) Before accepting employment with any other person, organization or entity while employed by the Company and during the Restricted Period, the Participant will inform such person, organization or entity of the restrictions contained in this Section 7. The Participant further consents to notification by the Company to the Participant s subsequent employer or other third party of the Participant s obligations under this Agreement. 
 (i) The Participant recognizes that the possible restrictions on the Participant s activities which may occur as a result of the Participant s performance of the Participant s obligations under Sections 7(a) through (d) of this Agreement are required for the reasonable protection of the Company and its investments, and the Participant expressly acknowledges that such restrictions are fair and reasonable for that purpose. The Participant acknowledges that money damages would not be an adequate or sufficient remedy for any breach of Sections 7(a) through (d), and that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Sections 7(a) through (d), the Company, in addition to other rights and remedies existing in its favor, shall be entitled, as a matter of right, to injunctive relief, including specific performance, from a court of competent jurisdiction in order to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of Sections 7(a) through (d). The terms of this Section 7(i) shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including, but not limited to, the recovery of damages from the Participant. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be in any respect an unreasonable restriction upon the Participant then they shall be deemed to extend only over the maximum period of time, geographic area, and or range of activities as to which they may be enforceable. The Participant expressly agrees that all payments and benefits due the Participant under this Agreement shall be subject to the Participant s compliance with the provisions set forth in Sections 7(a) through (d). 
 8. No Guarantee of Employment. Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company, which are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. 
 
 9. Amendment. Subject to the restrictions contained in the Plan, the Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units, prospectively or retroactively in time (and in accordance with Section 409A of the Code with regard to awards subject thereto) provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant or any holder or beneficiary of the Restricted Share Units shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Participant, holder or beneficiary and provided further that no consent of the Participant or any holder or beneficiary shall be required for any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination to the extent necessary to conform this Agreement to mandatory provisions of applicable federal or state laws, regulations or rulings, including but not limited to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code necessary to avoid tax penalties to the Participant. The Committee is authorized to make equitable and proportionate adjustments in the terms 
 
 6 

and conditions of, and the criteria included in, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units as set forth in the Plan. 
 
 10. Determinations by the Committee. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan or this Agreement shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all Persons. 
 
 11. Provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan with this Agreement and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement is governed by the terms of the Plan, and in the case of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. This Agreement, read together with the Plan, represents the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Participant, and shall supersede any prior agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the matters contained herein. This Agreement, and any payment of Shares in settlement of the Restricted Share Units, shall be subject to any policy of the Company regarding the recoupment or clawback of compensation as in effect at the date of this Agreement or hereafter adopted by the Board. 
 
 12. Nontransferability of Restricted Share Units. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Restricted Share Units and this Agreement shall not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber the Restricted Share Units otherwise than as permitted by the Plan and this Agreement shall, at the election of the Company, be null and void. Transfer of the Restricted Share Units for value is not permitted under the Plan or this Agreement. 
 
 13. Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given to the Participant under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the United States mail with postage and fees prepaid. Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective only upon receipt by the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office. 
 
 14. Waiver. The waiver by the Company of any provision of this Agreement at any time or for any purpose shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of the same or any other provision of this Agreement at any subsequent time or for any other purpose. 
 
 15. Section 409A . 
 
 (a) For the avoidance of doubt, the Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from or otherwise comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively Code Section 409A and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be either exempt from or in compliance therewith. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on the Participant by Code Section 409A or damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding any other payment schedule provided herein to the contrary, if the Participant is deemed on the date of Separation from Service to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then any payment due under this Agreement that is considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code payable on account of a Participant s Separation from Service shall not be made until the date which is the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of such Separation from Service of the 
 
 7 

Participant, and (B) the date of the Participant s death (the Delay Period to the extent required under Code Section 409A. Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 15(b) shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum in accordance with the Agreement. 
 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, any payment due under this Agreement within a period following the Participant s Separation from Service, death, Disability, Retirement or other event, shall be made on a date during such period as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 16. Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. 
 
 17. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any successor to the Company and shall inure to the benefit of the Participant's legal representative. All obligations imposed upon the Participant and all rights granted to the Company under this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant's heirs, executors, administrator and successors. 
 
 18. Electronic Communication . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any document related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 signature page follows 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer of the Company, and the Participant has accepted and signed this Agreement, all on the day and year first mentioned above. 

UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 

By __________________________ 
 Chief Human Resources Officer 

PARTICIPANT 

______________________________ 

9 

</EX-10.43>

<EX-10.44>
 5
 ex1044-formofceopsuagreeme.htm
 EX-10.44

Document 
 Exhibit 10.44 

UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 
 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED VESTING 
 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 cliff-vesting for Chief Executive Officer 

This Performance-Based Vesting Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement effective as of _________________, (the Grant Date between United Natural Foods, Inc. (the Company and _________________ (the Participant ), evidences a Performance Award denominated in Restricted Share Units to the Participant under the United Natural Foods, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ). Except in the preceding sentence and where the context otherwise requires, the term Company shall include the Company and all present and future Subsidiaries. All capitalized terms that are used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Definitions. 
 
 (a) Participant , solely for the purpose of this Agreement, means the employee designated above. 
 
 (b) Performance Criteria means the performance targets related to one or more performance goals set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 
 
 (c) Performance Period means the period beginning on and ending on . 
 
 (d) Restricted Share Unit means a right to receive a payment in the form of any one Share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, following the successful attainment of the Performance Criteria to the satisfaction of the Committee. 
 
 2. Grant of Restricted Share Units. In consideration of services to be rendered by the Participant to the Company, the Company hereby grants to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, _______ Restricted Share Units (the Target Amount ). The Target Amount shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.3 of the Plan. This grant is conditional upon the Participant signing a counterpart of this Agreement and delivering such signed counterpart to the Company within sixty (60) days of this Agreement, including by electronic means if provided by the Company pursuant to Section 18. 
 
 3. Vesting & Effect of Separation from Service. 
 
 (a) Performance Criteria Exhibit A hereto identifies the Performance Criteria and the levels of performance that must be achieved in order to receive payment of Shares at the percentage of the Target Amount specified in Exhibit A , based on achievement of the Performance Criteria, as determined in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan. The percentage of the Target Amount based on actual achievement of the Performance Criteria as of the last day of the Performance Period is referred to herein as 

the Earned Amount . Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Plan, if the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company throughout the Performance Period, the Participant will vest in the Earned Amount, and any amount in excess of the Earned Amount will be forfeited. Prior to the issuance of any Shares in settlement of any Restricted Share Units, the Committee shall determine and certify in writing (which may be set forth in the minutes of a meeting of the Committee) the extent to which the Performance Criteria and all other material terms of this Agreement have been met. In making such determination, the Committee shall have the right to adjust the number of Shares payable at a given level of performance to take into account additional factors that the Committee may deem relevant in its sole discretion to the assessment of individual or corporate performance. 
 
 (b) Retirement, Death, or Disability In the event the Participant has a Separation from Service on account of Retirement (as defined below) in the 365-day period beginning on the Grant Date (the Grant Year ), the Pro-Rated Number of Restricted Share Units will vest at the end of the Performance Period. The Pro-Rated Number shall be the product of (i) the Earned Amount that the Participant would have earned had he or she not had a Separation from Service on account of Retirement and (ii) the quotient of (A) the number of days beginning with the first day of the Performance Period and ending on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service on account of Retirement and (B) 365, the number of days in the Grant Year (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no additional Restricted Share Units in which the Participant may have been entitled to vest in accordance with the Performance Criteria shall vest). In the event that the Participant has a Separation from Service on account of Retirement before the end of the Performance Period but after the Grant Year, or in the event that the Participant dies or has a Separation from Service on account of Disability at any time after the Grant Date then, at the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Participant (or the Participant s estate or beneficiaries in the event of Participant s death) will vest in the Earned Amount that the Participant would have earned had had his or her employment continued through the end of the Performance Period. The rights of the Participant (or the Participant s estate or beneficiaries in the event of Participant s death) in any event described in this Section 3(b) shall become non-forfeitable only at such time as the Shares issuable in settlement of such Restricted Stock Units would have been issued pursuant to Section 4 hereof had the Participant continued to be employed through the end of the Performance Period. For purposes of this Agreement and notwithstanding the provisions of the Plan, Retirement means the Participant s retirement from employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates on or after the date on which both of the following have occurred (1) the Participant has attained 59 years of age and (2) the Participant has provided six (6) years of service to the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Years of service will be calculated as full years since the Participant s most recent hire date or rehire date, which shall mean the applicable date on file for the Participant in the Company s human resources books and records, determined in the Company s sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, Retirement does not include the Participant s Separation from Service for Cause. 
 
 (c) Change in Control In the event this Award is assumed in connection with a Change in Control, the Committee shall make such adjustments to the Performance Criteria as are necessary to equitably account for the Change in Control. In the event the Participant has a Separation from Service and such Separation from Service is not for Cause, or the Participant s Separation from Service is for Good Reason, in either case within twenty-four (24) months after a Change in Control (and before the Restricted Share Units otherwise have become vested under Section 3(a) or (b)), the Participant shall vest in the Restricted Share Units at the Target Amount granted under Section 2 of this Agreement and the Participant s rights to such vested amount of Restricted Share Units shall become non-forfeitable as of the date of the Participant s Separation from Service. In the event that this Award is not assumed by the Acquiror in connection with a Change in Control, the Participant shall vest in the Restricted Share Units at the Target Amount immediately prior to the Change in Control and shall settle upon or immediately following the Change in Control (notwithstanding the longer period of time for settlement provided in 
 
 2 

Section 4 below). In the event that settlement of the Restricted Share Units at the time described above would result in the imposition of tax on the Participant (if the Participant is eligible for Retirement) pursuant to the operation of Code Section 409A (as defined below), such settlement shall take place on the earliest date upon which settlement may be made without resulting in the imposition of such tax. 
 
 (d) Separation from Service without Cause If the Participant has a Separation from Service without Cause (as defined in the Plan), then 
 
 (i) the PSU Separation Pro-Rated Number of performance-based Restricted Share Units shall continue to vest, on the same terms that such performance-based Restricted Share Units would have vested had the Participant remained an employee, but without the requirement of continued employment provided, however, that if the vesting date under such terms is earlier than the Release Finalization Date, the performance-based Restricted Share Units shall vest effective as of the Release Finalization Date and 
 (ii) any remaining performance-based Restricted Share Units not vesting as provided above shall be forfeited effective as of the date of Separation from Service without Cause. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the vesting and payout of any performance-based Restricted Share Units pursuant to this Section 3(d) shall be subject to the satisfaction of any conditions required for payout of the performance-based Restricted Share Units pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan. In no event shall the vesting treatment pursuant to this Section 3(d) accelerate the settlement of any Restricted Share Units if such Restricted Share Units are otherwise subject to Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 The PSU Separation Pro-Rated Number for performance-based Restricted Share Units shall be the product of (A) the total number of performance-based Restricted Share Units and (B) the quotient of (1) the number of days beginning on the first day of the Performance Period and ending on the date of Separation from Service without Cause, and (2) the total number of days in the Performance Period (for example 1,095 days for a three-year performance period). 
 
 (e) Other Termination Except as provided in Section 3(b), (c), or (d) above or as otherwise provided in any written agreement by and between the Company and the Participant, if the Participant s Separation from Service occurs for any reason prior to the expiration of the Performance Period, all then-unvested Restricted Share Units shall be canceled immediately and shall not be payable to the Participant. 
 
 (f) Effect of Separate Written Agreement, Including Severance Agreement and or Change in Control Agreement In case of any conflict between the terms of this Section 3 and any written agreement, including any severance agreement and or change in control agreement, between the Company and the Participant, the terms of such written agreement shall control to the extent applicable. 
 
 4. Payment. The Company shall issue to the Participant one Share for each Restricted Share Unit which has become vested with respect to the Performance Period pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement. The payment of the Shares shall be made to the Participant (or the Participant s assignee or beneficiary if permitted by the Plan or the Committee) in accordance with the Company s grant and award policy no later than March 15th of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the Performance Period ends and may be made as a book-entry confirmation or through the issuance of a certificate evidencing such Shares. 
 
 5. Rights as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares which may be issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Share Units (including, without limitation, voting rights and any rights to receive dividends or non-cash distributions with respect to such 
 
 3 

Shares) unless and until the Shares have been issued to the Participant. No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are issued. 
 
 6. Withholding. The Company s obligation to make payment of vested Restricted Share Units shall be subject to the Participant s satisfaction of any applicable federal, state, local and foreign withholding obligations or withholding taxes, including any employer minimum statutory withholding Withholding Taxes ), and the Participant shall pay the amount of any such Withholding Taxes to the Company as set forth in this Section 6. The Participant may satisfy his or her obligation to pay the Withholding Taxes by (i) having the Company withhold Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant pursuant to settlement of vested Restricted Share Units or (ii) delivering, actually or by attestation, to the Company shares of Common Stock already owned by the Participant provided that the amount of such Shares withheld or shares of Common Stock delivered (with the value of such Shares being based on the Fair Market Value of a Share of the Company s Common Stock as of the payment date as determined by the Committee) shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the minimum amount of Withholding Taxes. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to deduct from compensation or other amounts owing to the Participant an amount not to exceed the Withholding Taxes. 
 
 7. Covenants. As a condition to the receipt of the Award (which shall be forfeited in the event of noncompliance with this Section 7 ), the Participant hereby covenants with the Company as follows 
 
 (a) Confidential Information. The Participant shall not disclose or reveal to any unauthorized person or knowingly use for the Participant s own benefit, or another person or entity s benefit, any trade secret or other confidential information relating to the Company, or to any of the businesses operated by it, including, without limitation, any customer lists, customer needs, price and performance information, processes, specifications, hardware, software, devices, supply sources and characteristics, business opportunities, potential business interests, marketing, promotional pricing and financing techniques, or other information relating to the business of the Company Confidential Information ), and the Participant confirms that Confidential Information constitutes the exclusive property of the Company. Such restrictions shall not apply to information which is (i) generally available in the industry, or (ii) disclosed through no fault of the Participant, or (iii) required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable law or regulation or the order of a governmental or regulatory body (provided that the Company is given reasonable notice of any such required disclosure). The Participant agrees that Participant will immediately return to the Company upon request, but in any event upon Separation from Service, any physical embodiment of any Confidential Information and or any summaries containing any Confidential Information, in whole in part, in any media. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation. The Participant does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures, and the Participant is not required to notify the Company that the Participant has made such reports or disclosure. 
 The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has provided the Participant with written notice below that the Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), provides an immunity for the disclosure of a trade secret to report suspected violations of law and or in an anti-retaliation lawsuit, as follows 
 (1) IMMUNITY An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that 
 
 4 

(A) is made 
 (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and 
 (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or 
 (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 (2) USE OF TRADE SECRET INFORMATION IN ANTI-RETALIATION LAWSUIT An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual 
 (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and 
 (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 (b) Non-Competition. Except with the prior written consent of the Company s Board of Directors, during the term of employment, and, unless otherwise prohibited by law, for a period of one year following the Participant s Separation from Service for any reason , (the Restricted Period ), the Participant shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in Competition with the Company. Competition means providing services in the Restricted Area in any capacity (whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, principal, agent, partner, officer, director, investor, or shareholder, except as a shareholder of less than five (5 percent of a publicly traded company) to a Competitor of the Company that (i) are the same or similar in function or purpose to the services the Participant provided to the Company or (ii) will likely result in the disclosure of Confidential Information to a Competitor or the use of Confidential Information on behalf of a Competitor. The Restricted Area means the geographic area the Participant served at any time during the previous two years of the Participant s employment. For avoidance of doubt, if the Participant s job duties encompassed the United States, the Restricted Area shall be the United States. Competitor means any person, corporation, joint venture or other entity that provides one or more of the business offerings of the Company, including new products or services under active consideration by the Company at the time of the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation Business Partners. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with its Business Partners by soliciting or communicating (regardless of who initiates the communication) with a Business Partner to (i) induce or encourage the Business Partner to stop doing business or reduce its business with the Company, or (ii) buy a product or service that competes with a product or service offered by the Company s business. Business Partner means a customer (person or entity), prospective customer (person or entity), supplier or manufacturer with which the Company has a business relationship and with which the Participant had business-related contact or dealings, or about which the Participant received Confidential Information, in the two years prior to the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 
 (d) Non-Solicitation Employees Contractors. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with any employee or contractor of the Company by (i) soliciting or communicating with the employee or contractor to induce or encourage him or her to leave the Company s employ or engagement (regardless of who first initiates the communication) (ii) helping another person or entity evaluate such employee or contractor as an employment or contractor candidate or (iii) otherwise helping any person or entity hire an employee or contractor away from the Company. 
 
 5 

(e) The Participant hereby acknowledges that the Participant will treat as for the Company s sole benefit, and fully and promptly disclose and assign to the Company without additional compensation, all ideas, information, discoveries, inventions and improvements which are based upon or related to any Confidential Information protected under Section 7(a) herein, and which are made, conceived or reduced to practice by the Participant during the Participant s period of employment by the Company and the Restricted Period. The provisions of this Section 7(e) shall apply whether such ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements or knowledge are conceived, made or gained by the Participant alone or with others, whether during or after usual working hours, either on or off the job, directly or indirectly related to the Company s business interests (including potential business interests), and whether or not within the realm of the Participant s duties. 
 (f) The Participant shall, upon request of the Company, but at no expense to the Participant, at any time during or after employment by the Company, sign all instruments and documents and cooperate in such other acts reasonably required to protect rights to the ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements and knowledge referred to above, including applying for, obtaining and enforcing patents and copyrights thereon in any and all countries. 
 (g) During the Restricted Period, upon reasonable request of the Company, the Participant shall cooperate in any internal or external investigation, litigation or any dispute relating to any matter in which he or she was involved during his or her employment with the Company provided, however, that the Participant shall not be obligated to spend time and or travel in connection with such cooperation to the extent that it would unreasonably interfere with the Participant s other commitments and obligations. The Company shall reimburse the Participant for all expenses the Participant reasonably incurs in so cooperating. 
 (h) Before accepting employment with any other person, organization or entity while employed by the Company and during the Restricted Period, the Participant will inform such person, organization or entity of the restrictions contained in this Section 7. The Participant further consents to notification by the Company to the Participant s subsequent employer or other third party of the Participant s obligations under this Agreement. 
 (i) The Participant recognizes that the possible restrictions on the Participant s activities which may occur as a result of the Participant s performance of the Participant s obligations under Sections 7(a) through (d) of this Agreement are required for the reasonable protection of the Company and its investments, and the Participant expressly acknowledges that such restrictions are fair and reasonable for that purpose. The Participant acknowledges that money damages would not be an adequate or sufficient remedy for any breach of Sections 7(a) through (d), and that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Sections 7(a) through (d), the Company, in addition to other rights and remedies existing in its favor, shall be entitled, as a matter of right, to injunctive relief, including specific performance, from a court of competent jurisdiction in order to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of Sections 7(a) through (d). The terms of this Section 7(i) shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including but not limited to the recovery of damages from the Participant. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be in any respect an unreasonable restriction upon the Participant then they shall be deemed to extend only over the maximum period of time, geographic area, and or range of activities as to which they may be enforceable. The Participant expressly agrees that all payments and benefits due the Participant under this Agreement shall be subject to the Participant s compliance with the provisions set forth in Sections 7(a) through (d). 
 8. No Guarantee of Employment. Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company, which are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. 
 
 6 

9. Amendment. Subject to the restrictions contained in the Plan, the Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units, prospectively or retroactively in time (and in accordance with Section 409A of the Code with regard to awards subject thereto) provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant or any holder or beneficiary of the Restricted Share Units shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Participant, holder or beneficiary and provided further that no consent of the Participant or any holder or beneficiary shall be required for any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination to the extent necessary to conform this Agreement to mandatory provisions of applicable federal or state laws, regulations or rulings, including but not limited to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code necessary to avoid tax penalties to the Participant. The Committee is authorized to make equitable and proportionate adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units as set forth in the Plan. 
 
 10. Determinations by the Committee. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan or this Agreement shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all Persons. 
 
 11. Provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan with this Agreement and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement is governed by the terms of the Plan, and in the case of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. This Agreement, read together with the Plan, represents the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Participant, and shall supersede any prior agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the matters contained herein. This Agreement, and any payment of Shares in settlement of the Restricted Share Units, shall be subject to any policy of the Company regarding the recoupment or clawback of compensation as in effect at the date of this Agreement or hereafter adopted by the Board. 
 
 12. Nontransferability of Restricted Share Units. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Restricted Share Units and this Agreement shall not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber the Restricted Share Units otherwise than as permitted by the Plan and this Agreement shall, at the election of the Company, be null and void. Transfer of the Restricted Share Units for value is not permitted under the Plan or this Agreement. 
 
 13. Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given to the Participant under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the United States mail with postage and fees prepaid. Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective only upon receipt by the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office. 
 
 14. Waiver. The waiver by the Company of any provision of this Agreement at any time or for any purpose shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of the same or any other provision of this Agreement at any subsequent time or for any other purpose. 

7 

15. Section 409A . 
 
 (a) For the avoidance of doubt, the Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from or otherwise comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively Code Section 409A and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be either exempt from or in compliance therewith. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on the Participant by Code Section 409A or damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding any other payment schedule provided herein to the contrary, if the Participant is deemed on the date of Separation from Service to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then any payment due under this Agreement that is considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code payable on account of a Participant s Separation from Service shall not be made until the date which is the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of such separation from service of the Participant, and (B) the date of the Participant s death (the Delay Period to the extent required under Code Section 409A. Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 15(b) shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum in accordance with the Agreement. 

(c) For the avoidance of doubt, any payment due under this Agreement within a period following the Participant s Separation from Service, death, Disability, Retirement or other event, shall be made on a date during such period as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 16. Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. 
 
 17. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any successor to the Company and shall inure to the benefit of the Participant's legal representative. All obligations imposed upon the Participant and all rights granted to the Company under this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant's heirs, executors, administrator and successors. 
 
 18. Electronic Communication . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any document related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 signature page follows 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer of the Company, and the Participant has accepted and signed this Agreement, all on the day and year first mentioned above. 

UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 

By __________________________ 
 Chief Human Resources Officer 

PARTICIPANT 

______________________________ 

9 

EXHIBIT A 
 TO BE ADDED 

10 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-10.45>
 6
 ex1045-rsuagreement91523xe.htm
 EX-10.45

Document 
 Exhibit 10.45 

 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 
 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 time vesting for employees 

This Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement effective as of __, 20__ (the Grant Date ), between United Natural Foods, Inc. (the Company and __________________ (the Participant ), evidences an Award denominated in Restricted Share Units to the Participant under the United Natural Foods, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ). Except in the preceding sentence and where the context otherwise requires, the term Company shall include the Company and all present and future Subsidiaries. All capitalized terms that are used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Definitions. 
 
 (a) Participant , solely for the purpose of this Agreement, means the employee designated above. 
 
 (b) Restricted Share Unit means a right to receive a payment in the form of any one Share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan. 
 
 (c) Vesting Period means the period beginning on and ending on . 
 
 2. Grant of Restricted Share Units. In consideration of services to be rendered by the Participant to the Company, the Company hereby grants to the Participant ______ Restricted Share Units, on the terms and conditions and subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. The grant of Restricted Share Units shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.3 of the Plan. This grant is conditional upon the Participant signing a counterpart of this Agreement and delivering such signed counterpart to the Company within sixty (60) days of this Agreement, including by electronic means if provided by the Company pursuant to Section 18. 
 
 3. Vesting & Effect of Separation from Service. 
 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Plan, if the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company through the applicable vesting date, the Restricted Share Units will vest in accordance with the following schedule 
 
 Vesting Date Restricted Share Units 
 
 Vesting date Number or of shares that vest on the vesting date 
 
 Vesting date Number or of shares that vest on the vesting date 
 
 Vesting date Number or of shares that vest on the vesting date 

(b) Retirement In the event the Participant has a Separation from Service on account of Retirement in the 365-day period beginning on the Grant Date (the Grant Year ), the Pro-Rated Number of Restricted Share Units will continue to vest through the Vesting Period. The Pro-Rated Number shall be the product of (i) the total number of Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement and (ii) the quotient of (A) the number of days beginning with the Grant Date and ending on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service as a result of Retirement and (B) 365, the number of days in the Grant Year. In the event that the Participant has a Separation from Service on account of Retirement before the end of the Vesting Period but after the Grant Year, all of the then-unvested Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement will continue to vest through the Vesting Period. The rights of the Participant in the event of Retirement with respect to any then-unvested Restricted Share Units shall become non-forfeitable only at such time as the Shares issuable in settlement of such Restricted Stock Units would have been issued pursuant to Section 4 hereof had the Participant continued to be employed through the end of the Vesting Period. 
 
 (c) Death and Disability In the event that the Participant dies or has a Separation from Service on account of Disability at any time after grant, all of the then-unvested Restricted Share Units shall fully vest. 
 
 (d) Change in Control In the event the Participant s employment with the Company or any successor to the Company is terminated without Cause, or the Participant terminates his or her employment for Good Reason, within twelve months after a Change in Control (and before the Restricted Share Units otherwise have become vested under Section 3(a), (b) or (c)), the Participant shall vest in all of the Restricted Share Units granted under Section 2 of this Agreement and the Participant s rights to such Restricted Share Units shall become non-forfeitable as of the date on which the Participant s employment with the Company or its successor is terminated. In the event that this Award is not assumed by the Acquiror in connection with a Change in Control, all of the Restricted Share Units shall vest immediately prior to the Change in Control and shall settle immediately following the Change in Control (notwithstanding the longer period of time for settlement provided in Section 4 below). In the event that settlement of the Restricted Share Units at the time described above would result in the imposition of tax on the Participant (if the Participant is eligible for Retirement) pursuant to the operation of Code Section 409A (as defined below), such settlement shall take place on the earliest date upon which settlement may be made without resulting in the imposition of such tax. 
 
 (e) Separation from Service without Cause If the Participant has a Separation from Service without Cause (as defined in the Plan), then 
 
 (i) any unvested Restricted Share Units that were scheduled to vest within 365 days from the date of separation and were granted more than 365 days preceding the date of separation, shall vest effective as of the Release Finalization Date 
 
 (ii) the Separation Pro-Rated Number of Restricted Share Units that were scheduled to vest within 365 days from the date of separation, and were granted less than 365 days prior to the date of separation, shall vest effective as of the Release Finalization Date and 
 
 (iii) any remaining Restricted Share Units not vesting as provided above shall be forfeited effective as of the date of Separation from Service without Cause. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the vesting and payout of any Restricted Share Units pursuant to this Section 3(e) shall be subject to the satisfaction of any conditions required for payout of the Restricted Share Units pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan. In no event shall the accelerated vesting pursuant to 
 
 2 

this Section 3(e) accelerate the settlement of any Restricted Share Units if such Restricted Share Units are otherwise subject to Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 The Separation Pro-Rated Number shall be the product of (A) the total number of Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement less than 365 days prior to the date of Separation from Service without Cause and (B) the quotient of (1) the number of days from the Grant Date to the date of Separation from Service without Cause and (2) 365. 
 
 (f) Except as provided in Section 3(b),(c), (d) or (e) above or as otherwise provided in any written agreement by and between the Company and the Participant, if the Participant s employment with the Company terminates for any reason prior to the expiration of the Vesting Period, all then-unvested Restricted Share Units shall be canceled immediately and shall not be payable to the Participant. 
 
 4. Payment. The Company shall issue to the Participant one Share for each Restricted Share Unit which has become vested with respect to the vesting schedule pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement. The payment of the Shares shall be made to the Participant (or the Participant s assignee or beneficiary if permitted by the Plan or the Committee) in accordance with the Company s grant and award policy no later than March 15th of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the vesting period ends and may be made as a book-entry confirmation or through the issuance of a certificate evidencing such Shares provided, however , that if the Participant is eligible for Retirement at any point during the Vesting Period, payment of the Shares shall be made as soon as practicable following the applicable vesting date set forth in Section 3, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which such vesting date occurs. 
 
 5. Rights as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares which may be issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Share Units (including, without limitation, voting rights and any rights to receive dividends or non-cash distributions with respect to such Shares) unless and until the Shares have been issued to the Participant. No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are issued. 
 
 6. Withholding. The Company s obligation to make payment of vested Restricted Share Units shall be subject to the Participant s satisfaction of any applicable federal, state, local and foreign withholding obligations or withholding taxes, including any employer minimum statutory withholding Withholding Taxes ), and the Participant shall pay the amount of any such Withholding Taxes to the Company as set forth in this Section 6. The Participant may satisfy his or her obligation to pay the Withholding Taxes by (i) having the Company withhold Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant pursuant to settlement of vested Restricted Share Units or (ii) delivering, actually or by attestation, to the Company shares of Common Stock already owned by the Participant provided that the amount of such Shares withheld or shares of Common Stock delivered (with the value of such Shares being based on the Fair Market Value of a Share of the Company s Common Stock as of the payment date as determined by the Committee) shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the minimum amount of Withholding Taxes. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to deduct from compensation or other amounts owing to the Participant an amount not to exceed the Withholding Taxes. 
 
 7. Covenants. As a condition to the receipt of the Award (which shall be forfeited in the event of noncompliance with this Section 7), the Participant hereby covenants with the Company as follows 
 
 (a) Confidential Information. The Participant shall not disclose or reveal to any unauthorized person or knowingly use for the Participant s own benefit, or another person or entity s benefit, any trade secret or other confidential information relating to the Company, or to any of the businesses operated by it, including, without limitation, any customer lists, customer needs, price and performance information, processes, specifications, hardware, software, devices, supply sources and characteristics, business 
 
 3 

opportunities, potential business interests, marketing, promotional pricing and financing techniques, or other information relating to the business of the Company Confidential Information ), and the Participant confirms that Confidential Information constitutes the exclusive property of the Company. Such restrictions shall not apply to information which is (i) generally available in the industry , or (ii) disclosed through no fault of the Participant , or (iii) required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable law or regulation or the order of a governmental or regulatory body (provided that the Company is given reasonable notice of any such required disclosure). The Participant agrees that Participant will immediately return to the Company upon request, but in any event upon Separation from Service, any physical embodiment of any Confidential Information and or any summaries containing any Confidential Information, in whole in part, in any media. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation. The Participant does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures, and the Participant is not required to notify the Company that the Participant has made such reports or disclosure. 
 The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has provided the Participant with written notice below that the Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), provides an immunity for the disclosure of a trade secret to report suspected violations of law and or in an anti-retaliation lawsuit, as follows 
 (1) IMMUNITY An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that 
 (A) is made 
 (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and 
 (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or 
 (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 (2) USE OF TRADE SECRET INFORMATION IN ANTI-RETALIATION LAWSUIT An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual 
 (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and 
 (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 (b) Non-Competition. Except with the prior written consent of the Company s Board of Directors, during the term of employment, and, unless otherwise prohibited by law, for a period of one year following the Participant s Separation from Service for any reason (the Restricted Period ), the Participant shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in Competition with the Company. Competition means providing services in the Restricted Area in any capacity (whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, principal, agent, partner, officer, director, investor, or shareholder, except as a shareholder of less than five (5 percent of a publicly traded company) to a Competitor of the Company that (i) are the same or similar in function or purpose to the services the Participant provided to the Company or (ii) will likely result in the disclosure of Confidential Information to a Competitor or the use of Confidential Information on behalf of a 
 
 4 

Competitor. The Restricted Area means the geographic area the Participant served at any time during the previous two years of the Participant s employment. For avoidance of doubt, if the Participant s job duties encompassed the United States, the Restricted Area shall be the United States. Competitor means any person, corporation, joint venture or other entity that provides one or more of the business offerings of the Company, including new products or services under active consideration by the Company at the time of the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation Business Partners. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with its Business Partners by soliciting or communicating (regardless of who initiates the communication) with a Business Partner to (i) induce or encourage the Business Partner to stop doing business or reduce its business with the Company, or (ii) buy a product or service that competes with a product or service offered by the Company s business. Business Partner means a customer (person or entity), prospective customer (person or entity), supplier or manufacturer with which the Company has a business relationship and with which the Participant had business-related contact or dealings, or about which the Participant received Confidential Information, in the two years prior to the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 
 (d) Non-Solicitation Employees Contractors. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with any employee or contractor of the Company by (i) soliciting or communicating with the employee or contractor to induce or encourage him or her to leave the Company s employ or engagement (regardless of who first initiates the communication) (ii) helping another person or entity evaluate such employee or contractor as an employment or contractor candidate or (iii) otherwise helping any person or entity hire an employee or contractor away from the Company. 
 (e) The Participant hereby acknowledges that the Participant will treat as for the Company s sole benefit, and fully and promptly disclose and assign to the Company without additional compensation, all ideas, information, discoveries, inventions and improvements which are based upon or related to any Confidential Information protected under Section 7(a) herein, and which are made, conceived or reduced to practice by the Participant during the Participant s period of employment by the Company and the Restricted Period. The provisions of this Section 7(e) shall apply whether such ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements or knowledge are conceived, made or gained by the Participant alone or with others, whether during or after usual working hours, either on or off the job, directly or indirectly related to the Company s business interests (including potential business interests), and whether or not within the realm of the Participant s duties. 
 (f) The Participant shall, upon request of the Company, but at no expense to the Participant, at any time during or after employment by the Company, sign all instruments and documents and cooperate in such other acts reasonably required to protect rights to the ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements and knowledge referred to above, including applying for, obtaining and enforcing patents and copyrights thereon in any and all countries. 
 (g) During the Restricted Period, upon reasonable request of the Company, the Participant shall cooperate in any internal or external investigation, litigation or any dispute relating to any matter in which he or she was involved during his or her employment with the Company provided, however, that the Participant shall not be obligated to spend time and or travel in connection with such cooperation to the extent that it would unreasonably interfere with the Participant s other commitments and obligations. The Company shall reimburse the Participant for all expenses the Participant reasonably incurs in so cooperating. 
 (h) Before accepting employment with any other person, organization or entity while employed by the Company and during the Restricted Period, the Participant will inform such person, organization or entity of the restrictions contained in this Section 7. The Participant further consents to notification by the 
 
 5 

Company to the Participant s subsequent employer or other third party of the Participant s obligations under this Agreement. 
 (i) The Participant recognizes that the possible restrictions on the Participant s activities which may occur as a result of the Participant s performance of the Participant s obligations under Sections 7(a) through (d) of this Agreement are required for the reasonable protection of the Company and its investments, and the Participant expressly acknowledges that such restrictions are fair and reasonable for that purpose. The Participant acknowledges that money damages would not be an adequate or sufficient remedy for any breach of Sections 7(a) through (d), and that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Sections 7(a) through (d), the Company, in addition to other rights and remedies existing in its favor, shall be entitled, as a matter of right, to injunctive relief, including specific performance, from a court of competent jurisdiction in order to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of Sections 7(a) through (d). The terms of this Section 7(i) shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including but not limited to the recovery of damages from the Participant. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be in any respect an unreasonable restriction upon the Participant then they shall be deemed to extend only over the maximum period of time, geographic area, and or range of activities as to which they may be enforceable. The Participant expressly agrees that all payments and benefits due the Participant under this Agreement shall be subject to the Participant s compliance with the provisions set forth in Sections 7(a) through (d). 
 8. No Guarantee of Employment. Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company, which are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. 
 
 9. Amendment. Subject to the restrictions contained in the Plan, the Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units, prospectively or retroactively in time (and in accordance with Section 409A of the Code with regard to awards subject thereto) provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant or any holder or beneficiary of the Restricted Share Units shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Participant, holder or beneficiary and provided further that no consent of the Participant or any holder or beneficiary shall be required for any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination to the extent necessary to conform this Agreement to mandatory provisions of applicable federal or state laws, regulations or rulings, including but not limited to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code necessary to avoid tax penalties to the Participant. The Committee is authorized to make equitable and proportionate adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units as set forth in the Plan. 
 
 10. Determinations by the Committee. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan or this Agreement shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all Persons. 
 
 11. Provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan with this Agreement and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement is governed by the terms of the Plan, and in the case of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. This Agreement, read together with the Plan, represents the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Participant, and shall supersede any prior agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the matters contained 
 
 6 

herein. This Agreement, and any payment of Shares in settlement of the Restricted Share Units, shall be subject to any policy of the Company regarding the recoupment or clawback of compensation as in effect at the date of this Agreement or hereafter adopted by the Board. 
 
 12. Nontransferability of Restricted Share Units. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Restricted Share Units and this Agreement shall not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber the Restricted Share Units otherwise than as permitted by the Plan and this Agreement shall, at the election of the Company, be null and void. Transfer of the Restricted Share Units for value is not permitted under the Plan or this Agreement. 
 
 13. Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given to the Participant under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the United States mail with postage and fees prepaid. Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective only upon receipt by the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office. 
 
 14. Waiver. The waiver by the Company of any provision of this Agreement at any time or for any purpose shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of the same or any other provision of this Agreement at any subsequent time or for any other purpose. 
 
 15. Section 409A . 
 
 (a) For the avoidance of doubt, the Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from or otherwise comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively Code Section 409A and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be either exempt from or in compliance therewith. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on the Participant by Code Section 409A or damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding any other payment schedule provided herein to the contrary, if the Participant is deemed on the date of Separation from Service to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then any payment due under this Agreement that is considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code payable on account of a Participant s Separation from Service shall not be made until the date which is the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of such Separation from Service of the Participant, and (B) the date of the Participant s death (the Delay Period to the extent required under Code Section 409A. Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 15(b) shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum in accordance with the Agreement. 
 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, any payment due under this Agreement within a period following the Participant s Separation from Service, death, Disability, Retirement or other event, shall be made on a date during such period as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 16. Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. 

7 

17. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any successor to the Company and shall inure to the benefit of the Participant's legal representative. All obligations imposed upon the Participant and all rights granted to the Company under this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant's heirs, executors, administrator and successors. 
 
 18. Electronic Communication . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any document related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 signature page follows 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer of the Company, and the Participant has accepted and signed this Agreement, all on the day and year first mentioned above. 

UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 

By __________________________ 

PARTICIPANT 

______________________________ 

9 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.46>
 7
 ex1046-psuagreement91523xe.htm
 EX-10.46

Document 
 Exhibit 10.46 

UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 
 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED VESTING 
 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 cliff-vesting for employees 

This Performance-Based Vesting Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement effective as of __, 20__, (the Grant Date between United Natural Foods, Inc. (the Company and __________________ (the Participant ), evidences a Performance Award denominated in Restricted Share Units to the Participant under the United Natural Foods, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ). Except in the preceding sentence and where the context otherwise requires, the term Company shall include the Company and all present and future Subsidiaries. All capitalized terms that are used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Definitions. 
 
 (a) Participant , solely for the purpose of this Agreement, means the employee designated above. 
 
 (b) Performance Criteria means the performance targets related to one or more performance goals set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 
 
 (c) Performance Period means the period beginning on and ending on . 
 
 (d) Restricted Share Unit means a right to receive a payment in the form of any one Share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, following the successful attainment of the Performance Criteria to the satisfaction of the Committee. 
 
 2. Grant of Restricted Share Units. In consideration of services to be rendered by the Participant to the Company, the Company hereby grants to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, ______ Restricted Share Units (the Target Amount ). The Target Amount shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.3 of the Plan. This grant is conditional upon the Participant signing a counterpart of this Agreement and delivering such signed counterpart to the Company within sixty (60) days of this Agreement, including by electronic means if provided by the Company pursuant to Section 18. 
 
 3. Vesting & Effect of Separation from Service. 
 
 (a) Performance Criteria Exhibit A hereto identifies the Performance Criteria and the levels of performance that must be achieved in order to receive payment of Shares at the percentage of the Target Amount specified in Exhibit A , based on achievement of the Performance Criteria, as determined in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan. The percentage of the Target Amount based on actual achievement of the Performance Criteria as of the last day of the Performance Period is referred to herein as the Earned Amount . Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Plan, if the Participant remains 

continuously employed by the Company throughout the Performance Period, the Participant will vest in the Earned Amount, and any amount in excess of the Earned Amount will be forfeited. Prior to the issuance of any Shares in settlement of any Restricted Share Units, the Committee shall determine and certify in writing (which may be set forth in the minutes of a meeting of the Committee) the extent to which the Performance Criteria and all other material terms of this Agreement have been met. In making such determination, the Committee shall have the right to adjust the number of Shares payable at a given level of performance to take into account additional factors that the Committee may deem relevant in its sole discretion to the assessment of individual or corporate performance. 
 
 (b) Retirement, Death, or Disability In the event the Participant has a Separation from Service on account of Retirement in the 365-day period beginning on the Grant Date (the Grant Year ), the Pro-Rated Number of Restricted Share Units will vest at the end of the Performance Period. The Pro-Rated Number shall be the product of (i) the Earned Amount that the Participant would have earned if he or she did not have a Separation from Service on account of Retirement and (ii) the quotient of (A) the number of days beginning with the first day of the Performance Period and ending on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service as a result of Retirement and (B) 365, the number of days in the Grant Year (and, for the avoidance of doubt, no additional Restricted Share Units in which the Participant may have been entitled to vest in accordance with the Performance Criteria shall vest). In the event that the Participant has a Separation from Service on account of Retirement before the end of the Performance Period but after the Grant Year, or in the event that the Participant dies or has a Separation from Service on account of Disability at any time after the Grant Date then, at the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Participant (or the Participant s estate or beneficiaries in the event of Participant s death) will vest in the Earned Amount that the Participant would have earned had had his or her employment continued through the end of the Performance Period. The rights of the Participant (or the Participant s estate or beneficiaries in the event of Participant s death) in any event described in this Section 3(b) shall become non-forfeitable only at such time as the Shares issuable in settlement of such Restricted Stock Units would have been issued pursuant to Section 4 hereof had the Participant continued to be employed through the end of the Performance Period. 
 
 (c) Change in Control In the event this Award is assumed in connection with a Change in Control, the Committee shall make such adjustments to the Performance Criteria as are necessary to equitably account for the Change in Control. In the event the Participant s employment with the Company or any successor to the Company is terminated without Cause, or the Participant terminates his or her employment for Good Reason, within twelve months after a Change in Control (and before the Restricted Share Units otherwise have become vested under Section 3(a) or (b)), the Participant shall vest in the Restricted Share Units at the Target Amount granted under Section 2 of this Agreement and the Participant s rights to such vested amount of Restricted Share Units shall become non-forfeitable as of the date on which the Participant s employment with the Company or its successor is terminated. In the event that this Award is not assumed by the Acquiror in connection with a Change in Control, the Participant shall vest in the Restricted Share Units at the Target Amount immediately prior to the Change in Control and shall settle immediately following the Change in Control (notwithstanding the longer period of time for settlement provided in Section 4 below). 
 
 (d) Separation from Service without Cause If the Participant has a Separation from Service without Cause (as defined in the Plan), then 
 
 (i) the PSU Separation Pro-Rated Number of performance-based Restricted Share Units shall continue to vest, on the same terms that such performance-based Restricted Share Units would have vested had the Participant remained an employee, but without the requirement of continued employment provided, however, that if the vesting date under such terms is earlier than 
 
 2 

the Release Finalization Date, the performance-based Restricted Share Units shall vest effective as of the Release Finalization Date and 
 (ii) any remaining performance-based Restricted Share Units not vesting as provided above shall be forfeited effective as of the date of Separation from Service without Cause. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the vesting and payout of any performance-based Restricted Share Units pursuant to this Section 3(e) shall be subject to the satisfaction of any conditions required for payout of the performance-based Restricted Share Units pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan. In no event shall the vesting treatment pursuant to this Section 3(e) accelerate the settlement of any Restricted Share Units if such Restricted Share Units are otherwise subject to Section 409A of the Code. 

The PSU Separation Pro-Rated Number for performance-based Restricted Share Units shall be the product of (A) the total number of performance-based Restricted Share Units and (B) the quotient of (1) the number of days beginning on the first day of the Performance Period and ending on the date of the Participant s Separation from Service without Cause, and (2) the total number of days in the Performance Period (for example 1,095 days for a three-year performance period). 
 
 (e) Except as provided in Section 3(b), (c), or (d) above or as otherwise provided in any written agreement by and between the Company and the Participant, if the Participant has a Separation from Service for any reason prior to the expiration of the Performance Period, all then-unvested Restricted Share Units shall be canceled immediately and shall not be payable to the Participant. 
 
 (f) In case of any conflict between the terms of this Section 3 and any written employment agreement between the Company and the Participant, the terms of such written employment agreement shall control. 
 
 4. Payment. The Company shall issue to the Participant one Share for each Restricted Share Unit which has become vested with respect to the Performance Period pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement. The payment of the Shares shall be made to the Participant (or the Participant s assignee or beneficiary if permitted by the Plan or the Committee) in accordance with the Company s grant and award policy no later than March 15th of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the Performance Period ends and may be made as a book-entry confirmation or through the issuance of a certificate evidencing such Shares. 
 
 5. Rights as a Stockholder. The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares which may be issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Share Units (including, without limitation, voting rights and any rights to receive dividends or non-cash distributions with respect to such Shares) unless and until the Shares have been issued to the Participant. No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are issued. 
 
 6. Withholding. The Company s obligation to make payment of vested Restricted Share Units shall be subject to the Participant s satisfaction of any applicable federal, state, local and foreign withholding obligations or withholding taxes, including any employer minimum statutory withholding Withholding Taxes ), and the Participant shall pay the amount of any such Withholding Taxes to the Company as set forth in this Section 6. The Participant may satisfy his or her obligation to pay the Withholding Taxes by (i) having the Company withhold Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant pursuant to settlement of vested Restricted Share Units or (ii) delivering, actually or by attestation, to the Company shares of Common Stock already owned by the Participant provided that the amount of such Shares withheld or shares of Common Stock delivered (with the value of such Shares being based on the 
 
 3 

Fair Market Value of a Share of the Company s Common Stock as of the payment date as determined by the Committee) shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the minimum amount of Withholding Taxes. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to deduct from compensation or other amounts owing to the Participant an amount not to exceed the Withholding Taxes. 
 
 7. Covenants. As a condition to the receipt of the Award (which shall be forfeited in the event of noncompliance with this Section 7 ), the Participant hereby covenants with the Company as follows 
 
 (a) Confidential Information. The Participant shall not disclose or reveal to any unauthorized person or knowingly use for the Participant s own benefit, or another person or entity s benefit, any trade secret or other confidential information relating to the Company, or to any of the businesses operated by it, including, without limitation, any customer lists, customer needs, price and performance information, processes, specifications, hardware, software, devices, supply sources and characteristics, business opportunities, potential business interests, marketing, promotional pricing and financing techniques, or other information relating to the business of the Company Confidential Information ), and the Participant confirms that Confidential Information constitutes the exclusive property of the Company. Such restrictions shall not apply to information which is (i) generally available in the industry, or (ii) disclosed through no fault of the Participant, or (iii) required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable law or regulation or the order of a governmental or regulatory body (provided that the Company is given reasonable notice of any such required disclosure). The Participant agrees that Participant will immediately return to the Company upon request, but in any event upon Separation from Service, any physical embodiment of any Confidential Information and or any summaries containing any Confidential Information, in whole in part, in any media. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement prohibits the Participant from reporting possible violations of federal law or regulation to any governmental agency or entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Congress, and any Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation. The Participant does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures, and the Participant is not required to notify the Company that the Participant has made such reports or disclosure. 
 The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has provided the Participant with written notice below that the Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), provides an immunity for the disclosure of a trade secret to report suspected violations of law and or in an anti-retaliation lawsuit, as follows 
 (1) IMMUNITY An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that 
 (A) is made 
 (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and 
 (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or 
 (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 (2) USE OF TRADE SECRET INFORMATION IN ANTI-RETALIATION LAWSUIT An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may 
 
 4 

disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual 
 (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and 
 (B) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 (b) Non-Competition. Except with the prior written consent of the Company s Board of Directors, during the term of employment, and, unless otherwise prohibited by law, for a period of one year following the Participant s Separation from Service for any reason (the Restricted Period ), the Participant shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in Competition with the Company. Competition means providing services in the Restricted Area in any capacity (whether as an employee, independent contractor, consultant, principal, agent, partner, officer, director, investor, or shareholder, except as a shareholder of less than five (5 percent of a publicly traded company) to a Competitor of the Company that (i) are the same or similar in function or purpose to the services the Participant provided to the Company or (ii) will likely result in the disclosure of Confidential Information to a Competitor or the use of Confidential Information on behalf of a Competitor. The Restricted Area means the geographic area the Participant served at any time during the previous two years of the Participant s employment. For avoidance of doubt, if the Participant s job duties encompassed the United States, the Restricted Area shall be the United States. Competitor means any person, corporation, joint venture or other entity that provides one or more of the business offerings of the Company, including new products or services under active consideration by the Company at the time of the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 (c) Non-Solicitation Business Partners. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with its Business Partners by soliciting or communicating (regardless of who initiates the communication) with a Business Partner to (i) induce or encourage the Business Partner to stop doing business or reduce its business with the Company, or (ii) buy a product or service that competes with a product or service offered by the Company s business. Business Partner means a customer (person or entity), prospective customer (person or entity), supplier or manufacturer with which the Company has a business relationship and with which the Participant had business-related contact or dealings, or about which the Participant received Confidential Information, in the two years prior to the Participant s Separation from Service. 
 
 (d) Non-Solicitation Employees Contractors. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not interfere with the Company s relationship with any employee or contractor of the Company by (i) soliciting or communicating with the employee or contractor to induce or encourage him or her to leave the Company s employ or engagement (regardless of who first initiates the communication) (ii) helping another person or entity evaluate such employee or contractor as an employment or contractor candidate or (iii) otherwise helping any person or entity hire an employee or contractor away from the Company. 
 (e) The Participant hereby acknowledges that the Participant will treat as for the Company s sole benefit, and fully and promptly disclose and assign to the Company without additional compensation, all ideas, information, discoveries, inventions and improvements which are based upon or related to any Confidential Information protected under Section 7(a) herein, and which are made, conceived or reduced to practice by the Participant during the Participant s period of employment by the Company and the Restricted Period. The provisions of this Section 7(e) shall apply whether such ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements or knowledge are conceived, made or gained by the Participant alone or with others, whether during or after usual working hours, either on or off the job, directly or indirectly related to the Company s business interests (including potential business interests), and whether or not within the realm of the Participant s duties. 
 
 5 

(f) The Participant shall, upon request of the Company, but at no expense to the Participant, at any time during or after employment by the Company, sign all instruments and documents and cooperate in such other acts reasonably required to protect rights to the ideas, discoveries, inventions, improvements and knowledge referred to above, including applying for, obtaining and enforcing patents and copyrights thereon in any and all countries. 
 (g) During the Restricted Period, upon reasonable request of the Company, the Participant shall cooperate in any internal or external investigation, litigation or any dispute relating to any matter in which he or she was involved during his or her employment with the Company provided, however, that the Participant shall not be obligated to spend time and or travel in connection with such cooperation to the extent that it would unreasonably interfere with the Participant s other commitments and obligations. The Company shall reimburse the Participant for all expenses the Participant reasonably incurs in so cooperating. 
 (h) Before accepting employment with any other person, organization or entity while employed by the Company and during the Restricted Period, the Participant will inform such person, organization or entity of the restrictions contained in this Section 7. The Participant further consents to notification by the Company to the Participant s subsequent employer or other third party of the Participant s obligations under this Agreement. 
 (i) The Participant recognizes that the possible restrictions on the Participant s activities which may occur as a result of the Participant s performance of the Participant s obligations under Sections 7(a) through (d) of this Agreement are required for the reasonable protection of the Company and its investments, and the Participant expressly acknowledges that such restrictions are fair and reasonable for that purpose. The Participant acknowledges that money damages would not be an adequate or sufficient remedy for any breach of Sections 7(a) through (d), and that in the event of a breach or threatened breach of Sections 7(a) through (d), the Company, in addition to other rights and remedies existing in its favor, shall be entitled, as a matter of right, to injunctive relief, including specific performance, from a court of competent jurisdiction in order to enforce, or prevent any violations of, the provisions of Sections 7(a) through (d). The terms of this Section 7(i) shall not prevent the Company from pursuing any other available remedies for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including but not limited to the recovery of damages from the Participant. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be in any respect an unreasonable restriction upon the Participant then they shall be deemed to extend only over the maximum period of time, geographic area, and or range of activities as to which they may be enforceable. The Participant expressly agrees that all payments and benefits due the Participant under this Agreement shall be subject to the Participant s compliance with the provisions set forth in Sections 7(a) through (d). 
 8. No Guarantee of Employment. Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company, which are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. 
 
 9. Amendment. Subject to the restrictions contained in the Plan, the Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units, prospectively or retroactively in time (and in accordance with Section 409A of the Code with regard to awards subject thereto) provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Participant or any holder or beneficiary of the Restricted Share Units shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Participant, holder or beneficiary and provided further that no consent of the Participant or any holder or beneficiary shall be required for any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination to the extent necessary to conform this Agreement to mandatory provisions of applicable federal or state laws, regulations or rulings, 
 
 6 

including but not limited to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code necessary to avoid tax penalties to the Participant. The Committee is authorized to make equitable and proportionate adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units as set forth in the Plan. 
 
 10. Determinations by the Committee. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan or this Agreement shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all Persons. 
 
 11. Provisions of the Plan. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan with this Agreement and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement is governed by the terms of the Plan, and in the case of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. This Agreement, read together with the Plan, represents the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Participant, and shall supersede any prior agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the matters contained herein. This Agreement, and any payment of Shares in settlement of the Restricted Share Units, shall be subject to any policy of the Company regarding the recoupment or clawback of compensation as in effect at the date of this Agreement or hereafter adopted by the Board. 
 
 12. Nontransferability of Restricted Share Units. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Restricted Share Units and this Agreement shall not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber the Restricted Share Units otherwise than as permitted by the Plan and this Agreement shall, at the election of the Company, be null and void. Transfer of the Restricted Share Units for value is not permitted under the Plan or this Agreement. 
 
 13. Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given to the Participant under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the United States mail with postage and fees prepaid. Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective only upon receipt by the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office. 
 
 14. Waiver. The waiver by the Company of any provision of this Agreement at any time or for any purpose shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of the same or any other provision of this Agreement at any subsequent time or for any other purpose. 
 
 15. Section 409A . 
 
 (a) For the avoidance of doubt, the Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from or otherwise comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively Code Section 409A and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be either exempt from or in compliance therewith. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on the Participant by Code Section 409A or damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding any other payment schedule provided herein to the contrary, if the Participant is deemed on the date of Separation from Service to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, then any payment due under this 
 
 7 

Agreement that is considered deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code payable on account of a Participant s Separation from Service shall not be made until the date which is the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6) month period measured from the date of such Separation from Service of the Participant, and (B) the date of the Participant s death (the Delay Period to the extent required under Code Section 409A. Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 15(b) shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum in accordance with the Agreement. 
 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, any payment due under this Agreement within a period following the Participant s Separation from Service, death, Disability, Retirement or other event, shall be made on a date during such period as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 16. Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. 
 
 17. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any successor to the Company and shall inure to the benefit of the Participant's legal representative. All obligations imposed upon the Participant and all rights granted to the Company under this Agreement shall be binding upon the Participant's heirs, executors, administrator and successors. 
 
 18. Electronic Communication . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any document related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third-party designated by the Company. 
 
 signature page follows 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer of the Company, and the Participant has accepted and signed this Agreement, all on the day and year first mentioned above. 

UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 

By __________________________ 

PARTICIPANT 

______________________________ 

EXHIBIT A 
 Performance criteria and levels required to be achieved for payout 
 payout percentage of Target Amount 

TO BE DETERMINED ON OR PRIOR TO GRANT 

10 

</EX-10.46>

<EX-10.47>
 8
 ex1047-f24rsuagreementbod9.htm
 EX-10.47

Document 
 Exhibit 10.47 

UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 
 
 2020 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 

This Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement effective as of _________ (the Grant Date ), between United Natural Foods, Inc. (the Company and ____________ (the Director ), evidences an Award denominated in Restricted Share Units to the Director under the United Natural Foods, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ). Except in the preceding sentence and where the context otherwise requires, the term Company shall include the Company and all present and future Subsidiaries. All capitalized terms that are used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 
 1. Definition. 
 
 Restricted Share Unit means a right to receive a payment in the form of any one Share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan. 
 
 2. Grant of Restricted Share Units. In consideration of services to be rendered by the Director to the Company, the Company hereby grants to the Director ______ Restricted Share Units, on the terms and conditions and subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. The grant of Restricted Share Units shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.3 of the Plan. This grant is conditional upon the Director signing a counterpart of this Agreement and delivering such signed counterpart to the Company within sixty (60) days of this Agreement, including by electronic means if provided by the Company pursuant to Section 16. 
 
 3. Vesting. 
 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Plan, if the Director remains in continuous service through the applicable vesting date, the Restricted Share Units will vest on _________. 
 
 (b) In the event the Director s continuous service terminates as a result of an involuntary removal during the pendency of a term as a member of the Board of Directors (other than in connection with a Change in Control), the Director s unvested Restricted Share Units shall be automatically forfeited upon such termination of continuous service and the Company shall not have any further obligations to the Director under this Agreement. 
 
 (c) If the Director s continuous service terminates for any reason other than an involuntary removal during the pendency of a term as a member of the Board of Directors, the Restricted Share Units shall continue to vest. If the Director s continuous service terminates for any reason after a Change in Control, the Restricted Share Awards shall immediately vest. If the Restricted Share Units are not assumed or continued upon a Change in Control, any unvested Restricted Share Units shall be treated as having become fully vested and exercisable as of the date and time immediately prior to the Change in Control. 

1 

4. Payment. The Company shall issue to the Director one Share for each Restricted Share Unit which has become vested with respect to the vesting schedule pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement. The payment of the Shares shall be made to the Director (or the Director s assignee or beneficiary if permitted by the Plan or the Committee) in accordance with the Company s grant and settlement policy no later than March 15th of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the vesting period ends and may be made as a book-entry confirmation or through the issuance of a certificate evidencing such Shares. 
 
 5. Rights as a Stockholder. The Director shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares which may be issued upon the vesting of the Restricted Share Units (including, without limitation, voting rights and any rights to receive dividends or non-cash distributions with respect to such Shares) unless and until the Shares have been issued to Director. No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such Shares are issued. 
 
 6. No Guarantee of Service. Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon the Director any right to be retained as a Director of the Company or in any other capacity, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company, which are hereby expressly reserved, to terminate the Director s continuous service at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause. 
 
 7. Amendment. Subject to the restrictions contained in the Plan, the Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units, prospectively or retroactively in time (and in accordance with Section 409A of the Code with regard to awards subject thereto) provided that any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Director or any holder or beneficiary of the Restricted Share Units shall not to that extent be effective without the consent of the Director, holder or beneficiary and provided further that no consent of the Director or any holder or beneficiary shall be required for any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination to the extent necessary to conform this Agreement to mandatory provisions of applicable federal or state laws, regulations or rulings, including but not limited to the provisions of Section 409A of the Code necessary to avoid tax penalties to the Director. The Committee is authorized to make equitable and proportionate adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, this Agreement and the Restricted Share Units as set forth in the Plan. 
 
 8. Determinations by the Committee. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan or this Agreement shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all Persons. 
 
 9. Provisions of the Plan. The Director hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan with this Agreement and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Plan. This Agreement is governed by the terms of the Plan, and in the case of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. This Agreement, read together with the Plan, represents the entire understanding and agreement between the Company and the Director, and shall supersede any prior agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the matters contained herein. This Agreement, and any payment of Shares in settlement of the Restricted Share Units, shall be subject to any policy of the Company regarding the recoupment or clawback of compensation as in effect at the date of this Agreement or hereafter adopted by the Board. 
 
 2 

10. Nontransferability of Restricted Share Units. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Restricted Share Units and this Agreement shall not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Director. Any attempt to assign, alienate, pledge, attach, sell or otherwise transfer or encumber the Restricted Share Units otherwise than as permitted by the Plan and this Agreement shall, at the election of the Company, be null and void. Transfer of the Restricted Share Units for value is not permitted under the Plan or this Agreement. 
 
 11. Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given to the Director under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the United States mail with postage and fees prepaid. Any notice or communication required or permitted to be given to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective only upon receipt by the Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal office. 
 
 12. Waiver. The waiver by the Company of any provision of this Agreement at any time or for any purpose shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of the same or any other provision of this Agreement at any subsequent time or for any other purpose. 
 
 13. Section 409A . 
 
 (a) For the avoidance of doubt, the Restricted Share Units granted under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from or otherwise comply with Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively Code Section 409A and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted to be either exempt from or in compliance therewith. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on the Director by Code Section 409A or damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 
 (b) A termination of service as a Director shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of deferred compensation (as such term is defined in Code Section 409A) upon or following a such termination of service unless such termination is also a Separation from Service as defined in the Plan and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of service, or like terms shall mean separation from service. 
 
 (d) For the avoidance of doubt, any payment due under this Agreement within a period following Director s termination of service, death, Disability, Retirement or other event, shall be made on a date during such period as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 15. Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. 
 
 16. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any successor to the Company and shall inure to the benefit of the Director's legal representative. All obligations imposed upon the Director and all rights granted to the Company under this Agreement shall be binding upon the Director's heirs, executors, administrator and successors. 
 
 17. Electronic Communication . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any document related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Director hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an 
 
 3 

online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 signature page follows 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by an officer of the Company, and the Director has accepted and signed this Agreement, all on the day and year first mentioned above. 

UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 

By __________________________ 
 Chief Human Resources Officer 

DIRECTOR 
 
 ______________________________ 

5 

</EX-10.47>

<EX-10.48>
 9
 ex1048-formofindemnificati.htm
 EX-10.48

Document 
 Exhibit 10.48 

 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 This Indemnification Agreement, dated as of ________ (this Agreement ), is made by and between United Natural Foods, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and NAME Indemnitee ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. In light of the responsibilities vested in directors and officers of a Delaware corporation, it is critically important to the Company and its stockholders that the Company be able to attract and retain highly experienced and reputable persons to serve as directors and officers of the Company. 
 B. In recognition of the need for corporations to be able to induce capable and responsible persons to accept positions in corporate management, Delaware law authorizes (and in some instances requires) corporations to indemnify their directors and officers, and further authorizes corporations to purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of their directors and officers. 
 C. The Delaware courts have recognized that indemnification by a corporation serves the dual policies of (1) allowing corporate officials to resist unjustified lawsuits, and (2) encouraging capable women and men to serve as corporate directors and officers. 
 D. Indemnitee is, or will be, a director or officer of the Company, a Controlled Affiliate, and or a Subsidiary and his or her willingness to serve in such capacity is predicated, in substantial part, upon the Company s willingness to indemnify him or her in accordance with the principles reflected above, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, and upon the other undertakings set forth in this Agreement. 
 E. Therefore, in recognition of the need to provide Indemnitee with substantial protection against personal liability, in order to procure Indemnitee s service or continued service as a director or officer of the Company, a Controlled Affiliate, and or a Subsidiary and to enhance Indemnitee s ability to serve the Company, a Controlled Affiliate, and or a Subsidiary in an effective manner, and in order to provide such protection pursuant to express contract rights (intended to be enforceable irrespective of, among other things, any amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (collectively, the Constituent Documents ), any change in the composition of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board or any change-in-control or business combination transaction relating to the Company), the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of and the advancement of Expenses to Indemnitee as set forth in this Agreement and for the continued coverage of Indemnitee under the Company s directors and officers liability insurance policies. 
 F. In light of the considerations referred to in the preceding recitals, it is the Company s intention and desire that this Agreement not diminish or abrogate any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Constituent Documents, or the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, any other contract or otherwise (collectively, Other Indemnity 

Provisions or the Company s directors and officers liability insurance policies, and that the provisions of this Agreement be construed liberally, subject to their express terms, in order to maximize the protections to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder. 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Certain Definitions. In addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms have the following meanings when used in this Agreement with initial capital letters 
 (a) Change in Control means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
 (i) any person , including a group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding the Company, any of its Controlled Affiliates, or any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Controlled Affiliates) is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities 
 (ii) the stockholders of the Company shall approve a definitive agreement (1) for the merger or other business combination of the Company with or into another corporation if (A) a majority of the directors of the surviving corporation were not directors of the Company immediately prior to the effective date of such merger or (B) the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to the effective date of such merger own less than 60 of the combined voting power in the then outstanding securities in such surviving corporation or (2) for the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or 
 (iii) the purchase of 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities pursuant to any tender or exchange offer made by any person , including a group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than the Company, any of its Controlled Affiliates, or any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Controlled Affiliates. 
 (b) Claim means (i) any threatened, asserted, pending or completed claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative, investigative or other, and whether made pursuant to federal, state or other law and (ii) any inquiry or investigation, whether made, instituted or conducted, by the Company or any other Person, including without limitation any federal, state or other governmental entity, that Indemnitee determines might lead to the institution of any such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company intends indemnity to be provided hereunder in respect of acts or failure to act prior to, on or after the date hereof. 
 2 

(c) Controlled Affiliate means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity or enterprise, whether or not for profit, that is directly or indirectly controlled by the Company. For purposes of this definition, control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity or enterprise, whether through the ownership of voting securities, through other voting rights, by contract or otherwise provided that direct or indirect beneficial ownership of capital stock or other interests in an entity or enterprise entitling the holder to cast 15 per cent or more of the total number of votes generally entitled to be cast in the election of directors (or persons performing comparable functions) of such entity or enterprise shall be deemed to constitute control for purposes of this definition. 
 (d) Disinterested Director means a director of the Company, a Controlled Affiliate, and or a Subsidiary who is not and was not a party to the Claim in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 
 (e) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and the rules, regulations and guidance thereunder. Any reference to a provision in the Exchange Act shall include any successor provision thereto. 
 (f) Excluded Person means (i) the Company, (ii) any of the Company s Subsidiaries, (iii) any Holding Company, (iv) any employee benefit plan of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or a Holding Company, or (v) any Person organized, appointed or established by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or a Holding Company for or pursuant to the terms of any plan described in clause (iv). 
 (g) Expenses means attorneys and experts fees and expenses and all other costs and expenses (including but not limited to court costs, transcript costs, costs of travel, duplicating and imaging costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, facsimile transmission charges, computerized legal research, postage and courier costs, fees and expenses of third-party vendors, and the premium, security for, and other costs associated with any bond (including supersedeas or appeal bonds, injunction bonds, costs bonds, appraisal bonds or their equivalents)) paid or payable in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to investigate, defend, be a witness in or participate in (including on appeal), any Claim. 
 (h) Holding Company means an entity that becomes a holding company for the Company, a Controlled Affiliate, and or a Subsidiary or its businesses as part of any reorganization, merger, consolidation or other transaction, provided that the outstanding shares of common stock of such entity and the combined voting power of the then outstanding Voting Securities of such entity are, immediately after such reorganization, merger, consolidation or other transaction, beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Voting Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such reorganization, merger, consolidation or other transaction in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, 
 3 

immediately prior to such reorganization, merger, consolidation or other transaction, of such outstanding Voting Securities of the Company. 
 (i) Indemnifiable Claim means any Claim based upon, arising out of or resulting from (i) any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company or, at the request of the Company, as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, fiduciary, trustee or agent of any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other organization or enterprise, whether or not for profit, as to which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company, including, but not limited to, Controlled Affiliates and or Subsidiaries, (ii) any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Indemnitee in respect of any business, transaction, communication, filing, disclosure or other activity as a director or officer of the Company or, at the request of the Company, as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee, fiduciary or agent of any other entity or enterprise referred to in clause (i) of this sentence, or (iii) Indemnitee s status as a current or former director or officer of the Company or, at the request of the Company, as a current or former director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee, fiduciary or agent of any other entity or enterprise referred to in clause (i) of this sentence or any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Indemnitee in connection with any obligation or restriction imposed upon Indemnitee by reason of such status. In addition to any service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to be serving or to have served as a director or officer of the Company or, at the request of the Company, as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, agent, trustee or other fiduciary of another entity or enterprise if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, agent, trustee or other fiduciary of such entity or enterprise and (A) such entity or enterprise is or at the time of such service was a Controlled Affiliate, (B) such entity or enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or a Controlled Affiliate, or (C) the Company or a Controlled Affiliate (by action of the Board, any committee thereof or the Company s Chief Executive Officer (other than as the Chief Executive Officer himself or herself)) caused or authorized Indemnitee to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve in such capacity. 
 (j) Indemnifiable Losses means any and all Losses relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Indemnifiable Claim provided, however, that Indemnifiable Losses shall not include Losses incurred by Indemnitee in respect of any Indemnifiable Claim (or any matter or issue therein) as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged liable to the Company, a Controlled Affiliate, and or a Subsidiary, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such Indemnifiable Claim was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses as the court shall deem proper. 
 4 

(k) Indemnification Eligibility Requirement means that, in accordance with Section 145(a) or (b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Indemnitee shall not be eligible for indemnification against Indemnifiable Losses relating to, arising out of or resulting from an Indemnifiable Claim, unless (i) the Indemnitee has acted in good faith and with a reasonable belief that his or her action was in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, that Indemnitee had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful, or (ii) the Indemnitee meets any other applicable standard of conduct that may hereafter be substituted under Section 145(a) or (b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law or any successor to such provision(s). 
 (l) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company (or any Subsidiary of the Company) or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements) or (ii) any other named (or, as to a threatened matter, reasonably likely to be named) party to the Indemnifiable Claim giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 
 (m) Losses means any and all Expenses, damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties (whether civil, criminal or other) and amounts paid or payable in settlement, including without limitation all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 (n) Person means any individual or entity, including any two or more Persons deemed to be one person as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act. 
 (o) Subsidiary means an entity of which the Company directly or indirectly holds all or a majority of the value of the outstanding equity interests of such entity or a majority of the voting power with respect to the Voting Securities of such entity. 
 (p) Voting Securities means securities of a Person entitling the holder thereof to vote in the election of the members of the board of directors of such person or such governing body of such Person performing a similar principal governing function with respect to such Person. 
 2. Indemnification Obligation. Subject to Section 7 and to the proviso in this Section, the Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted or required by the laws of the State of Delaware in effect on the date hereof or as such laws may from time to time hereafter be amended to increase the scope of such permitted indemnification, against any and all Indemnifiable Claims and Indemnifiable 
 5 

Losses provided, however, that, (i) except as provided in Sections 4 and 21 or in connection with such Indemnitee s rights with respect to a Change in Control, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement in connection with any Claim initiated by Indemnitee against the Company, a Controlled Affiliate, and or a Subsidiary or any director or officer of the Company, a Controlled Affiliate, and or a Subsidiary unless the Company has joined in or authorized the proceeding in connection with such Claim and (ii) Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement on any Claim determined by final judgment or other final adjudication to be a violation of federal or state securities laws if such indemnification is by final judgment or other final adjudication determined to be not permitted under then-applicable law and, provided further, that the Company shall not be obligated to (x) indemnify Indemnitee for the disgorgement of profits arising from the purchase or sale of securities of the Company in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, and (y) indemnify or advance funds to Indemnitee for Indemnitee s reimbursement to the Company of any bonus or incentive-based or equity-based compensation previously received by Indemnitee or payment of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including but not limited to any such reimbursement under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in connection with an accounting restatement of the Company or the payment of the Company of profits arising from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or the recoupment of compensation under the Company s Recoupment Policy for Performance-Based Compensation as may be amended from time to time hereafter. The Company acknowledges that the foregoing obligation may be substantially broader than that now provided by applicable law and the Company s Constituent Documents and intends that it be interpreted consistently with this Section and the recitals to this Agreement. 
 3. Advancement of Expenses. Indemnitee shall have the right to advancement by the Company prior to the final disposition of any Indemnifiable Claim of any and all Expenses relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Indemnifiable Claim paid or incurred by Indemnitee or which Indemnitee determines in good faith are reasonably likely to be paid or incurred by Indemnitee and as to which Indemnitee s counsel provides supporting documentation. Without limiting the generality or effect of any other provision hereof, Indemnitee s right to such advancement is not subject to the satisfaction of any Indemnification Eligibility Requirement. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within five business days after any request by Indemnitee that is accompanied by supporting documentation for specific Expenses to be reimbursed or advanced, the Company shall, in accordance with such request (but without duplication), (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of Indemnitee, (b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses provided that Indemnitee shall repay, without interest any amounts actually advanced to Indemnitee that, at the final disposition of the Indemnifiable Claim to which the advance related, were in excess of amounts paid or payable by Indemnitee in respect of Expenses relating to, arising out of or resulting from such Indemnifiable Claim. In connection with any such payment, advancement or reimbursement, at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall execute and deliver to the Company an undertaking, which need not be secured and shall be 
 6 

accepted without reference to Indemnitee s ability to repay the Expenses, by or on behalf of the Indemnitee, to repay any amounts paid, advanced or reimbursed by the Company in respect of Expenses relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Indemnifiable Claim in respect of which it shall have been determined, following the final disposition of such Indemnifiable Claim and in accordance with Section 7, that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. 
 4. Indemnification for Additional Expenses. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall reimburse Indemnitee for, or advance to Indemnitee, within five business days of such request accompanied by supporting documentation for specific Expenses to be reimbursed or advanced, any and all Expenses paid or incurred by Indemnitee or which Indemnitee determines in good faith are reasonably likely to be paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Claim made, instituted or conducted by Indemnitee for (a) indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company under any provision of this Agreement, or under any other agreement or provision of the Constituent Documents now or hereafter in effect relating to Indemnifiable Claims, and or (b) recovery under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless in each case of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, reimbursement, advance or insurance recovery, as the case may be provided, however, that Indemnitee shall return, without interest, any such advance of Expenses (or portion thereof) which remains unspent at the final disposition of the Claim to which the advance related. 
 5. Partial Indemnity. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of any Indemnifiable Loss but not for all of the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 
 6. Procedure for Notification. To obtain indemnification under this Agreement in respect of an Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request therefor, including a brief description (based upon information then available to Indemnitee) of such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss. If, at the time of the receipt of such request, the Company has directors and officers liability insurance in effect under which coverage for such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss is potentially available, the Company shall give prompt written notice of such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss to the applicable insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the applicable policies. The Company shall provide to Indemnitee a copy of such notice delivered to the applicable insurers and, upon Indemnitee s request, copies of all subsequent correspondence between the Company and such insurers regarding the Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss, in each case substantially concurrently with the delivery thereof by the Company. The failure by Indemnitee to timely notify the Company of any Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss shall not relieve the Company from any liability hereunder unless, and only to the extent that, the Company did not otherwise learn of such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss and such failure results in forfeiture by the Company of substantial defenses, rights or insurance coverage. 
 7 

7. Determination of Right to Indemnification. 
 (a) To the extent that Indemnitee shall have been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Indemnifiable Claim or any portion thereof or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including without limitation dismissal without prejudice, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Indemnifiable Losses relating to, arising out of or resulting from such Indemnifiable Claim in accordance with Section 2 and no Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination (as defined in Section 7(b)) shall be required. 
 (b) To the extent that the provisions of Section 7(a) are inapplicable to an Indemnifiable Claim that shall have been finally disposed of, any determination of whether Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable Indemnification Eligibility Requirement (an Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination shall be made as follows (i) if a Change in Control shall not have occurred, or if a Change in Control shall have occurred but Indemnitee shall have requested that the Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination be made pursuant to this clause (i), (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board, (B) if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by a majority vote of a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of all Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum or (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors, or if a majority of the Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee and (ii) if a Change in Control shall have occurred and Indemnitee shall not have requested that the Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination be made pursuant to clause (i), by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall cooperate with reasonable requests of the individual or firm making such Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination, including providing to such Person documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination without incurring any unreimbursed cost in connection therewith. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall reimburse Indemnitee for, or advance to Indemnitee, within five business days of such request accompanied by supporting documentation for specific costs and expenses to be reimbursed or advanced, any and all costs and expenses (including attorneys and experts fees and expenses) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the Person making such Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination. 
 (c) The Company shall use its reasonable efforts to cause any Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination required under Section 7(b) to be made as promptly as practicable. If (i) the Person empowered or selected under Section 7 to make the Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination shall not have made a determination within 30 calendar days after the later of (A) receipt by the Company of written notice from Indemnitee advising the Company of the final 
 8 

disposition of the applicable Indemnifiable Claim (the date of such receipt being the Notification Date and (B) the final selection of an Independent Counsel, if the Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination is to be made by Independent Counsel, in accordance with Section 7(b), and (ii) Indemnitee shall have fulfilled his or her obligations set forth in the second sentence of Section 7(b), then Indemnitee shall be deemed to have satisfied the applicable Indemnification Eligibility Requirement provided that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 30 calendar days, if the Person making such determination in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluation of documentation and or information relating thereto. 
 (d) If (i) Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification hereunder against any Indemnifiable Losses pursuant to Section 7(a), (ii) no determination of whether Indemnitee has satisfied any applicable standard of conduct under Delaware law is a legally required condition precedent to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder against any Indemnifiable Losses, or (iii) Indemnitee has been determined or deemed pursuant to Section 7(b) or (c) to have satisfied the applicable Indemnification Eligibility Requirement, then the Company shall pay to Indemnitee, within five business days after the later of (x) the Notification Date in respect of the Indemnifiable Claim or portion thereof to which such Indemnifiable Losses are related, out of which such Indemnifiable Losses arose or from which such Indemnifiable Losses resulted and (y) the earliest date on which the applicable criterion specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above shall have been satisfied, an amount equal to the amount of such Indemnifiable Losses. Nothing herein is intended to mean or imply that the Company is intending to use Section 145(f) of the Delaware General Corporation Law to dispense with a requirement that Indemnitee meet the applicable standard of conduct where it is otherwise required by such statute. 
 (e) If an Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b)(i), the Independent Counsel shall be selected in accordance with Section 7(b)(i), and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If an Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b)(ii), the Independent Counsel shall be selected in accordance with Section 7(b)(ii), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either case, Indemnitee or the Company, as applicable, may, within five business days after receiving written notice of selection from the other, deliver to the other a written objection to such selection provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not satisfy the criteria set forth in the definition of Independent Counsel in Section 1(l), and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the Person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is properly and timely made and substantiated, (i) the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such 
 9 

objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that such objection is without merit and (ii) the non-objecting party may, at its option, select an alternative Independent Counsel and give written notice to the other party advising such other party of the identity of the alternative Independent Counsel so selected, in which case the provisions of the two immediately preceding sentences and clause (i) of this sentence shall apply to such subsequent selection and notice. If applicable, the provisions of clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to successive alternative selections. If no Independent Counsel that is permitted under the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(e) to make the Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination shall have been selected within 30 calendar days after the Company gives its initial notice pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 7(e) or Indemnitee gives its initial notice pursuant to the second sentence of this Section 7(e), as the case may be, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel and or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person or firm selected by the Court or by such other person as the Court shall designate, and the person or firm with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person or firm so appointed will act as Independent Counsel. In all events, the Company shall pay all of the actual and reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel incurred in connection with the Independent Counsel s determination pursuant to Section 7(b). 
 8. Presumption of Entitlement. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, in making any Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination, the Person making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable Indemnification Eligibility Requirement, and the Company may overcome such presumption only by its adducing clear and convincing evidence to the contrary. Any Indemnification Eligibility Requirement Determination that is adverse to Indemnitee may be challenged by the Indemnitee in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. No determination by the Company (including by its Disinterested Directors, a committee thereof or any Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not satisfied any applicable Indemnification Eligibility Requirement shall be a defense to any Claim by Indemnitee for indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company hereunder or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met any applicable Indemnification Eligibility Requirement. 
 9. No Other Presumption. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, will not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any applicable Indemnification Eligibility Requirement or that indemnification hereunder is otherwise not permitted. 
 10. Non-Exclusivity. The rights of Indemnitee hereunder will be in addition to, and shall not diminish or abrogate, any other rights Indemnitee may have under any Other Indemnity Provisions provided, however, that (a) to the extent that Indemnitee otherwise would have any greater right to indemnification under any Other Indemnity Provision, Indemnitee will 
 10 

without further action be deemed to have such greater right hereunder, and (b) to the extent that any change is made to any Other Indemnity Provision which permits any greater right to indemnification than that provided under this Agreement as of the date hereof, Indemnitee will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder. In the event that the Company adopts any amendment to any of the Constituent Documents the effect of which would be to deny, diminish or encumber Indemnitee s right to indemnification under this Agreement or any Other Indemnity Provision, then notwithstanding such amendments, the Indemnitee will without further action be deemed to have the rights to indemnification that existed immediately prior to the adoption of such amendment and such amendments shall not be effective against Indemnitee. 
 11. Liability Insurance and Funding. For the duration of Indemnitee s service as a director and or officer of the Company and for not less than five years thereafter, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts (taking into account the scope and amount of coverage available relative to the cost thereof) to cause to be maintained in effect policies of directors and officers liability insurance providing coverage for Indemnitee that is at least as favorable in scope and amount to that provided by the Company s current policies of directors and officers liability insurance. Upon request, the Company shall provide Indemnitee or his or her counsel with a copy of all directors and officers liability insurance applications, binders, policies, declarations, endorsements and other related materials. In all policies of directors and officers liability insurance obtained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits, subject to the same limitations, as are accorded to the Company s directors and officers most favorably insured by such policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Company may, but shall not be required to, create a trust fund, grant a security interest or use other means, including without limitation a letter of credit, to ensure the payment of such amounts as may be necessary to satisfy its obligations to indemnify and advance expenses pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) in renewing or seeking to renew any insurance hereunder, the Company will not be required to expend more than 3.0 times the premium amount of the immediately preceding policy period (equitably adjusted if necessary to reflect differences in policy periods). 
 12. Subrogation. In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the related rights of recovery of Indemnitee against other Persons (other than Indemnitee s successors), including any entity or enterprise referred to in clause (i) of the definition of Indemnifiable Claim in Section 1(i). Indemnitee shall execute all papers reasonably required to evidence such rights (all of Indemnitee s reasonable Expenses, including attorneys fees and charges, related thereto to be reimbursed by or, at the option of Indemnitee, advanced by the Company). 
 13. No Duplication of Payments. The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to Indemnitee in respect of any Indemnifiable Losses to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise already actually received payment (net of Expenses incurred in connection therewith) under any insurance policy, the Constituent Documents and Other Indemnity Provisions or otherwise (including from any entity or enterprise referred to in 
 11 

clause (i) of the definition of Indemnifiable Claim in Section 1(i)) in respect of such Indemnifiable Losses otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 
 14. Defense of Claims. Subject to the provisions of applicable policies of directors and officers liability insurance, the Company shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Indemnifiable Claim or to assume or lead the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee provided that if Indemnitee determines, after consultation with counsel selected by Indemnitee, that (a) the use of counsel chosen by the Company to represent Indemnitee would present such counsel with an actual or potential conflict, (b) the named parties in any such Indemnifiable Claim (including any impleaded parties) include both the Company and Indemnitee and Indemnitee shall conclude that there may be one or more legal defenses available to him or her that are different from or in addition to those available to the Company, (c) any such representation by such counsel would be precluded under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, or (d) Indemnitee has interests in the claim or underlying subject matter that are different from or in addition to those of other Persons against whom the Claim has been made or might reasonably be expected to be made, then Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain separate counsel (but not more than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect of any particular Indemnifiable Claim for all indemnitees in Indemnitee s circumstances) at the Company s expense. The Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any threatened or pending Indemnifiable Claim effected without the Company s prior written consent. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee, effect any settlement of any threatened or pending Indemnifiable Claim which the Indemnitee is or could have been a party unless such settlement solely involves the payment of money and includes a complete and unconditional release of the Indemnitee from all liability on any claims that are the subject matter of such Indemnifiable Claim. Neither the Company nor Indemnitee shall unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed settlement provided that Indemnitee may withhold consent to any settlement that does not provide a complete and unconditional release of Indemnitee. 
 15. Contribution. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee for any reason, subject to the proviso below, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the Indemnifiable Losses in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of the circumstances of such Indemnifiable Claim in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee and or loss suffered by the Indemnitee, as the case may be, as a result of the events or transactions giving rise to such action, suit or other proceeding (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its officers, directors, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such events or transactions and (iii) any other relevant equitable considerations, including any losses of the Indemnitee, in connection with such events or transactions provided, that, (x) Indemnitee has met the Indemnification Eligibility Requirement in accordance with Section 7 and (y) (i) except as provided in Sections 4 and 21 or in connection with such Indemnitee s rights with respect to a Change in Control, the Indemnifiable Losses are not associated with a Claim initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or any director or officer of the Company unless the Company has joined in or authorized the proceeding in connection with such Claim. 
 12 

16. Successors, Binding Agreement and Survival. 
 (a) The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor to the Company, including without limitation any Person acquiring directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise (and such successor will thereafter be deemed the Company for purposes of this Agreement), but shall not otherwise be assignable or delegable by the Company. 
 (b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Indemnitee s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, legatees and other successors. 
 (c) This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of the other, assign or delegate this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder except as expressly provided in Sections 16(a) and 16(b). Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, Indemnitee s right to receive payments hereunder shall not be assignable, whether by pledge, creation of a security interest or otherwise, other than by a transfer by the Indemnitee s will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and, in the event of any attempted assignment or transfer contrary to this Section 16(c), the Company shall have no liability to pay any amount so attempted to be assigned or transferred. 
 (d) For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement shall survive and continue after any termination of Indemnitee s service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or agent of any Subsidiary or other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity or enterprise, whether or not for profit, as to which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company. 
 (e) For employees This Agreement is not, and shall not be deemed as, an employment agreement between the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates) and Indemnitee. Indemnitee specifically acknowledges that any employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is at will and the Indemnitee may be discharged at any time for any reason, with or without cause, except as may be otherwise provided in any written employment agreement between Indemnitee and the Company or its Subsidiary. 
 17. Notices. For all purposes of this Agreement, all communications, including without limitation notices, consents, requests or approvals, required or permitted to be given hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when hand delivered or dispatched as a PDF by electronic transmission (with receipt confirmed), or 
 13 

one business day after having been sent for next-day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company (to the attention of the Secretary of the Company) and to Indemnitee at the applicable address shown on the signature page hereto, or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing and in accordance herewith, except that notices of changes of address will be effective only upon receipt. 
 18. Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such State. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware for all purposes in connection with any action or proceeding which arises out of or relates to this Agreement, waive all procedural objections to suit in that jurisdiction, including without limitation objections as to venue or inconvenience, agree that service in any such action may be made by notice given in accordance with Section 17 and also agree that any action instituted under this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware. 
 19. Validity. If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any provision hereof to any Person or circumstance is held invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to any other Person or circumstance shall not be affected, and the provision so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal shall be reformed to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to make it enforceable, valid or legal. In the event that any court or other adjudicative body shall decline to reform any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal as contemplated by the immediately preceding sentence, the parties thereto shall take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate to replace the provision so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal with one or more alternative provisions that effectuate the purpose and intent of the original provisions of this Agreement as fully as possible without being invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal. 
 20. Miscellaneous. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing signed by Indemnitee and the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto or compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, expressed or implied with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party that are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. 
 21. Legal Fees and Expenses. It is the intent of the Company that Indemnitee not be required to incur legal fees and or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. Accordingly, without limiting the generality or effect of any other provision hereof, if it should reasonably appear to Indemnitee that the Company has failed to comply with any of its obligations under this Agreement or in the 
 14 

event that the Company or any other Person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or proceeding designed to improperly deny, or to improperly recover from, Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, the Company irrevocably authorizes the Indemnitee from time to time to retain counsel of Indemnitee s choice (so long as such counsel is not then serving as counsel to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), at the expense of the Company as hereafter provided, to advise and represent Indemnitee in connection with any such interpretation, enforcement or defense, including without limitation the initiation or defense of any litigation or other legal action, whether by or against the Company or any director, officer, stockholder or other Person affiliated with the Company, in any jurisdiction. Without limiting the generality or effect of any other provision hereof or respect to whether Indemnitee prevails, in whole or in part, in connection with any of the foregoing, the Company will pay and be solely financially responsible for any and all attorneys and related fees and expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any of the foregoing. 
 22. Certain Interpretive Matters. Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (1) it or its or words of any gender include each other gender, (2) words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively, (3) the terms hereof, herein, hereby and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement, (4) the terms Article, Section, Annex or Exhibit refer to the specified Article, Section, Annex or Exhibit of or to this Agreement, (5) the terms include, includes and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation (whether or not so expressed), and (6) the word or is disjunctive but not exclusive. Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number will refer to calendar days unless business days are specified and whenever action must be taken (including the giving of notice or the delivery of documents) under this Agreement during a certain period of time or by a particular date that ends or occurs on a non-business day, then such period or date will be extended until the immediately following business day. As used herein, business day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a United States federal holiday. 
 23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Constituent Documents constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Any prior agreements or understandings between the parties hereto with respect to indemnification are hereby terminated and of no further force or effect. 
 24. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 
 
 15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Indemnitee has executed and the Company has caused its duly authorized representative to execute this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

INDEMNITEE 

NAME 
 16 

</EX-10.48>

<EX-21>
 10
 exhibit21-72923.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 NAME JURISDICTION OF 
 INCORPORATION FORMATION 
 Advantage Logistics Southwest, Inc. Arizona Advantage Logistics USA East L.L.C. Delaware Advantage Logistics USA West L.L.C. Delaware Albert s Organics, Inc. California American Commerce Centers, Inc. Florida Arden Hills 2003 LLC Delaware Associated Grocers of Florida, Inc. Florida Blaine North 1996 L.L.C. Delaware Bloomington 1998 L.L.C. Delaware Blue Marble Brands, LLC Delaware Blue Nile Advertising, Inc. Florida Burnsville 1998 L.L.C. Delaware Cambridge 2006 L.L.C. Delaware Centralia Holdings, LLC Delaware Champlin 2005 L.L.C. Delaware Coon Rapids 2002 L.L.C. Delaware Cub Foods, Inc. Delaware Cub Stores, LLC Delaware Cub Stores Holdings, LLC Delaware DS & DJ Realty, LLC Florida Eagan 2008 L.L.C. Delaware Eagan 2014 L.L.C. Delaware Eastern Beverages, Inc. Maryland FF Acquisition, L.L.C. Virginia Foodarama LLC Delaware Forest Lake 2000 L.L.C. Delaware Fridley 1998 L.L.C. Delaware Green Eagle Solar X, LLC Delaware Gourmet Guru, Inc. California Hastings 2002 L.L.C. Delaware Hazelwood Distribution Company, Inc. Delaware Hazelwood Distribution Holdings, Inc. Delaware Hopkins Distribution Company, LLC Delaware Hornbacher s, Inc. Delaware International Distributors Grand Bahama Limited Bahama Inver Grove Heights 2001 L.L.C. Delaware Iron Valley Logistic Services, LLC Delaware Lakeville 2014 L.L.C. Delaware Maplewood East 1996 L.L.C. Delaware Market Improvement Company Florida Monticello 1998 L.L.C. Delaware NAFTA Industries Consolidated, Inc. Texas NAFTA Industries, LTD Texas Natural Retail Group, Inc. Delaware 

Nevada Bond Investment Corp. Nevada Nor-Cal Produce, Inc. California Northfield 2002 L.L.C. Delaware Plymouth 1998 L.L.C. Delaware Savage 2002 L.L.C. Delaware SCTC, LLC Florida SFW Holding Corp. Delaware Shakopee 1997 L.L.C. Delaware Shop N Save East, LLC Delaware Shop N Save East Prop, LLC Delaware Shop N Save Prop, LLC Delaware Shop 'N Save St. Louis, Inc. Missouri Shop 'N Save Warehouse Foods, Inc. Missouri Shoppers Food Warehouse Corp. Ohio Shorewood 2001 L.L.C. Delaware Silver Lake 1996 L.L.C. Delaware Southstar LLC Delaware SUPERVALU Gold, LLC Delaware SUPERVALU INC. Delaware SUPERVALU India, Inc. Minnesota SUPERVALU Licensing, LLC Delaware SUPERVALU Pharmacies, Inc. Minnesota SUPERVALU Receivables Funding Corporation Delaware SUPERVALU Transportation, Inc. Minnesota SVU Legacy, LLC Delaware Tony s Fine Foods California Trent River Solar Mile Fund, LLC Delaware Trent River Solar Mile Lessee, LLC Delaware UNFI Canada, Inc. Canada UNFI Distribution Company, LLC Delaware UNFI Nexamp Solar Fund, LLC Delaware UNFI Transport, LLC Delaware UNFI Grocers Distribution, Inc. California UNFI Wholesale, Inc. Delaware United Natural Foods West, Inc. California United Natural Trading, LLC Delaware W. Newell & Co., LLC Delaware Wetterau Insurance Co. Ltd. Bermuda Woodford Square Associates Limited Partnership Virginia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 exhibit231-72923.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-230570) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-252407, 333-235583, 333-222257, 333-208695, 333-227918, 333-185637, 333-161845, 333-123462, and 333-106217) on Form S-8 of our report dated September 26, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of United Natural Foods, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 Providence, Rhode Island 
 September 26, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 exhibit311-10k72923.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, J. Alexander Miller Douglas, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United Natural Foods, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated September 26, 2023 
 s J. ALEXANDER MILLER DOUGLAS J. Alexander Miller Douglas Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Note A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 exhibit312-10k72923.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John W. Howard, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United Natural Foods, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated September 26, 2023 
 
 s JOHN W. HOWARD John W. Howard Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Note A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 exhibit321-10k72923.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The undersigned, in his capacity as the Chief Executive Officer of United Natural Foods, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies that the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s J. ALEXANDER MILLER DOUGLAS J. Alexander Miller Douglas Chief Executive Officer September 26, 2023 
 
 Note A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 exhibit322-10k72923.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The undersigned, in his capacity as the Chief Financial Officer of United Natural Foods, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies that the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s JOHN W. HOWARD John W. Howard Chief Financial Officer September 26, 2023 
 
 Note A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 16
 ex971-executiveclawbackpol.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 
 Exhibit 97.1 

 Erroneously Awarded Incentive-Based Compensation Clawback Policy 
 1. Purpose and Scope. United Natural Foods, Inc. (the Company has adopted this compensation clawback policy (the Policy to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 303A.14 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual NYSE Listed Company Manual ), which require the recovery of certain forms of executive compensation in the event of a Restatement (as defined below). This Policy shall not replace and shall be in addition to the Company s Recoupment Policy Relating to Performance-Based Compensation, as may be amended from time to time, and any other clawback policy in effect now or in the future at the Company. 
 2. Administration . This Policy shall be administered by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee, in which case references herein to the Board shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 
 3. Effective Date. This Policy shall be effective as of the date it is adopted by the Board and shall apply to Incentive-Based Compensation that is received by a Covered Executive on or after October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ), even if such Incentive-Based Compensation was approved, awarded or granted to a Covered Executive prior to the Effective Date. 
 4. Covered Executives. This Policy applies to all of the Company s current and former executive officers who may from time to time be deemed subject to this Policy by the Board (each, a Covered Executive ). For purposes of this Policy, an executive officer means the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division or function (such as sales, administration or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. Policy-making function is not intended to include policy-making functions that are not significant. Identification of an executive officer for purposes of this Policy shall include executive officers identified pursuant to 17 CFR 229.401(b). This Policy applies to all Incentive-Based Compensation received by a Covered Executive (a) after beginning service as a Covered Executive (b) if that person served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation and (c) while the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or national securities association. 
 5. Incentive-Based Compensation. For purposes of this Policy, the term Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a financial reporting measure. A financial reporting measure is any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any 

measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measures, including stock price and total shareholder return. For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation does not include annual salary, compensation awarded based on completion of a specified period of service, or compensation awarded based on subjective standards, strategic measures, or operational measures. 
 6. Recovery Accounting Restatement. In the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (a Restatement ), the Company shall recover, reasonably promptly, any Erroneously Awarded Compensation received by any Covered Executive, in amounts calculated pursuant to this Section 6 during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare such Restatement (the Restatement Date ), as well as any transition period that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years, as described in Section 13 hereof. The Restatement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the date the Board, a Board committee, or officer(s) of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement or (ii) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement. Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall mean the amount of Incentive Compensation actually received by the Covered Executive that exceeds the amount of Incentive Compensation that otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, and computed without regard to any taxes paid. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return, where the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Restatement, then the amount will be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received. The Company will maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are then listed. 
 Subsequent changes in a Covered Executive s employment status, including retirement or termination of employment, do not affect the Company s rights to recover Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed to have been received in the fiscal period during which the financial reporting measure specified in the applicable Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if such Incentive-Based Compensation is paid or granted after the end of such fiscal period. 
 7. Method of Recoupment. The Board shall determine, in its sole discretion, the method of recovering any Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy, which may include, without limitation 

requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive-Based Compensation previously paid 
 seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards 
 offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive 
 cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards and or 
 taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. 
 The Board shall determine the repayment schedule for the recovery of any Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy in a manner that complies with the reasonably promptly requirement. Such determination shall be consistent with any applicable legal guidance, by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), judicial opinion, or otherwise. The determination of reasonably promptly may vary from case to case and the Board is authorized to adopt additional rules to further describe what repayment schedules satisfy this requirement. 
 8. No Indemnification. The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and shall not pay, or reimburse any Covered Executive for premiums, for any insurance policy to fund such Covered Executive s potential repayment obligations. 
 9. Notice. Before the Board determines to seek recovery pursuant to this Policy, it shall provide the Covered Executive with written notice and the opportunity to be heard at a meeting of the Board (either in person or via telephone). 
 10. Amendment and Interpretation. The Board may amend, modify, supplement, rescind or replace all or any portion of this Policy from time to time in its discretion, and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary, appropriate or advisable to reflect the regulations adopted by the SEC and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are then listed. The Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the SEC and any national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are then listed. 
 11. Other Recoupment Rights . The Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the date on which this policy shall become effective shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy and the application of this Policy to any award made prior to the Effective Date, as required by 

law. Nothing in the Policy shall be viewed as limiting the right of the Company to pursue additional remedies or recoupment under or as required by any other clawback or recoupment policy, including the Recoupment Policy Relating to Performance-Based Compensation (as may be amended from time to time), any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company, which may require or permit recoupment to a greater degree or with respect to additional compensation as compared to this Policy, but without duplication as to any recoupment already made with respect to Erroneously Awarded Compensation pursuant to this Policy. 
 12. Impracticability . The Company shall recover any excess Incentive-Based Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. Without limiting the foregoing, no recovery shall be required in the case of a Compensation Committee determination that the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered or recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan to lose its tax-qualified status. 
 Such determination of impracticability shall be made after a reasonable and documented attempt to recover the Incentive-Based Compensation, which documentation shall be provided to the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are then listed. 
 13. Transition Period . This Policy shall apply to any transition period that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement. A transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine to 12 months shall be deemed a completed fiscal year. 
 14. Successors . This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 15. Applicable Law. This Policy will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware without reference to the principles of conflict of laws. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 unfi-20230729.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 unfi-20230729_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 unfi-20230729_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 unfi-20230729_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 unfi-20230729_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

