<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230828_10-K_edgar_data_849146_0000849146-23-000102.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28263717</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>571838</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>21590552</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2668505</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1750117</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1517549</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000849146-23-000102.hdr.sgml : 20230828
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230828161247
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000849146-23-000102
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		191
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230828
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230828

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lifevantage Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000849146
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				841097796
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35647
		FILM NUMBER:		231215684

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 TRIUMPH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-432-9000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 TRIUMPH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIFELINE THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YAAK RIVER RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANDRAPLEX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920406

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000849146-23-000102.txt : 20230828

10-K
 1
 lfvn-20230630.htm
 10-K

lfvn-20230630 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 
 Commission file number: 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates as of December 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately million, based on a closing market price of 3.72 per share. 
 The number of shares of common stock (par value 0.0001) outstanding as of August 25, 2023 was s hares. 
 ________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in this report and the information incorporated by reference herein may contain forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")). These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, reflect our current expectations, intentions, or strategies regarding our possible future results of operations, performance, and achievements. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation: statements regarding future products or product development; statements regarding future selling, general and administrative costs and research and development spending; statements regarding the future performance of our network marketing efforts; statements regarding our expectations regarding ongoing litigation; statements regarding international growth; and statements regarding future financial performance, results of operations, capital expenditures and sufficiency of capital resources to fund our operating requirements. These forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and common law. 
 These forward-looking statements may be identified in this report and the information incorporated by reference by words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, plan, predict, project, should and similar terms and expressions, including references to assumptions and strategies. These statements reflect our current beliefs and are based on information currently available to us. Accordingly, these statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and contingencies, which could cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, such statements. 
 The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: 
 Inability to properly manage, motivate and retain our independent consultants (which we previously referred to as distributors in our prior filings) or to attract new customers and independent consultants on an ongoing basis; 
 The widespread outbreak of an illness or communicable disease or any other public health crisis, including the recent COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition; 
 Inability to protect against cyber security risks and to maintain the integrity of data; 
 Inability to manage existing markets, open new international markets or expand our operations; 
 Non-compliance by our independent consultants with applicable legal requirements or our policies and procedures, including making improper and/or illegal claims about our products or earnings opportunity; 
 Inability of new products and technological innovations to gain customer or independent consultant or market acceptance; 
 Our business and stock price may be adversely affected if our internal controls over financial reporting is not effective; 
 Inability to execute our product launch process due to increased pressure on our supply chain, information systems and management; 
 Inability to appropriately manage our inventory; 
 Disruptions in our information technology systems; 
 International trade or foreign exchange restrictions, increased tariffs, foreign currency exchange fluctuations; 
 Inability to raise additional capital or complete desired acquisitions; 
 Inability to comply with financial covenants imposed by our credit facility and the impact of debt service obligations and restrictive debt covenants; 
 Dependence upon a few products for revenue; 
 We may be unable to retain our existing consultant force or customer base or attract additional customers and/or independent consultants; 
 Changes to the company s independent consultant compensation plans; 
 High quality materials for our products may become difficult to obtain or expensive; 
 Improper actions by our independent consultants that violate laws or regulations could harm our business; 
 2 

Dependence on third parties to manufacture our products; 
 Disruptions to the transportation channels used to distribute our products; 
 We may be subject to a product recall; 
 Unfavorable publicity on our business or products; 
 We are subject to risks related to Global Not For Resale programs; 
 Our direct selling program could be found to not be in compliance with current or newly adopted laws or regulations in various markets; 
 The impact of actions by activist stockholders; 
 Legal proceedings may be expensive and time consuming; 
 Strict government regulations on our business; 
 Our Cannabidiol CBD products are subject to varying and changing federal, state or local laws, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions; 
 Regulations governing the production or marketing of our products; 
 Risk of investigatory and enforcement action; 
 Government authorities may question our tax positions or transfer pricing policies or change their laws in a manner that could increase our effective tax rate or otherwise harm our business; 
 Failure to comply with anti-corruption laws; 
 Loss of or inability to attract key personnel; 
 We may be held responsible for certain taxes or assessments and other obligations relating to the activity of our independent consultants; 
 Competition in the dietary supplement and personal care markets; 
 Our inability to protect our intellectual property rights; 
 Third party claims that we infringe on their intellectual property; 
 Product liability claims against us; 
 Consumer discretionary spending habits factor into our economic success; 
 Economic, political, foreign exchange and other risks associated with international operations; 
 Potential delisting of our common stock due to non-compliance with Nasdaq's continued listing requirements; 
 Volatility of the market price of our common stock; and 
 Substantial sales of shares may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. 
 When considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this report and the documents incorporated by reference. Except as required by law, we have no obligation and do not undertake to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report. 
 SUMMARY OF RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS 
 We face risks and uncertainties associated with our business, many of which are beyond our control. Some of the more significant risks associated with our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements include the following: 
 An inability to properly motivate and incentivize sales from our independent consultants could harm our business. 
 The widespread outbreak of an illness or communicable disease, or any other public health crisis, including the recent COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 3 

Cyber security risks and the failure to maintain the integrity of data belonging to our company, employees, customers, and independent consultants could expose us to data loss, litigation and liability, and our reputation could be significantly harmed. 
 We may not be successful in expanding our operations. 
 If we are able to expand our operations, we may experience difficulties in managing our future growth, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We may not succeed in growing our business in existing markets or opening new markets. 
 Actions of activist stockholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies, cause us to incur substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our independent distributors could fail to comply with applicable legal requirements or our policies and procedures, which could result in claims against us that could harm our business. 
 Inability of new products and technological innovations to gain market acceptance by customers and/or independent distributors could harm our business. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to execute our product launch process due to increased pressure on our supply chain, information systems and management. 
 Our business may be harmed if we are unable to appropriately manage our inventory. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to execute any product launch process due to increased pressure on our supply chain, information systems and management. 
 We rely on our information technology systems to manage numerous aspects of our business, and a disruption in these systems could adversely affect our business. 
 We primarily depend on a few products for our revenue. 
 If we are unable to retain our existing customers and independent distributors or attract additional customers and independent distributors, our revenue will not increase and may decline further. 
 High quality materials for our products may be difficult to obtain or expensive. 
 Although our independent consultants are independent contractors, improper actions by independent consultants that violate laws or regulations could harm our business. 
 We are dependent upon third parties to manufacture our products. 
 Laws and regulations may prohibit or severely restrict direct selling and cause our revenue and profitability to decline, and regulators could adopt new regulations that negatively impact our business. 
 Our direct selling program could be found to be not in compliance with current or newly adopted laws or regulations in one or more markets, which could prevent us from conducting our business in these markets and harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our business is subject to strict government regulations. 
 Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brand. 
 Our business is susceptible to product liability claims. 
 We may be adversely affected by changes to our independent consultant compensation plans. 
 
 4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 24 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 43 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 53 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 53 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 53 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 53 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 53 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 53 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 
 Signatures 
 56 
 
 5 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 LifeVantage Corporation is a company focused on nutrigenomics, the study of how nutrition and naturally occurring compounds affect human genes to support good health. LifeVantage is dedicated to helping people achieve their health, wellness and financial goals. We provide quality, scientifically validated products to customers and independent consultants as well as a financially rewarding commission-based direct sales opportunity to our independent consultants. We sell our products in the United States, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Hong Kong, Canada, Thailand, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, Taiwan, Austria, Spain, Ireland, Belgium, New Zealand, Singapore, and the Philippines. We also sell our products in a number of countries to customers for personal consumption only. 
 We engage in the identification, research, development, formulation and sale of advanced nutrigenomic activators, dietary supplements, nootropics, pre- and pro-biotics, weight management, skin and hair care, bath body, and targeted relief products. Our line of scientifically validated dietary supplements includes our flagship Protandim family of products, LifeVantage Omega+, ProBio, IC Bright , and Daily Wellness dietary supplements. TrueScience is our line of skin, hair, bath body, and targeted relief products. We also market and sell Petandim , our companion pet supplement formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs, Axio our nootropic energy drink mixes, and PhysIQ, our smart weight management system. 
 We were incorporated in Colorado in June 1988 under the name Andraplex Corporation. We changed our corporate name to Yaak River Resources, Inc. in January 1992 and subsequently changed it again in October 2004 to Lifeline Therapeutics, Inc. In October 2004 and March 2005, we acquired all of the outstanding common stock of Lifeline Nutraceuticals Corporation. In November 2006, we changed our name to LifeVantage Corporation. From our fiscal year 2005 until our fiscal year 2009, we marketed and sold a single product, Protandim , through traditional retail stores. In October 2008, we announced that we were transitioning our business model from a traditional retail model to a direct sales model in which Protandim would be sold primarily through a network of independent consultants. Since entering direct sales, we have increased our geographic reach by entering new international markets and increased our product offering by introducing additional scientifically validated products. 
 In 2018, we reincorporated from the State of Colorado to the State of Delaware. 
 
 Fiscal Year 2023 Highlights 
 COVID-19 Influence on Business Operations and Work Environment 
 In fiscal year 2023, we maintained both virtual and in person business operations, which started in 2020 as a result of the COVID 19 pandemic. During fiscal year 2023, we continued to provide successful virtual events and trainings, including twice-weekly online training events. We have seen a high level of engagement and attendance from our independent consultants, with hundreds of attendees on average and over 2,000 attendees at some virtual and in-person meetings. In fiscal year 2023, we continued the hybrid model with our employees working from home a few days a week and in the office a few days a week which has worked well for employee productivity. We remain focused on being digital first and committed to increasing our investments into digital technologies and tools for independent consultants and employees to function effectively in the current hybrid working environment. 
 New Product Offerings 
 In fiscal year 2023, we launched three new products. In the US, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan we launched a multi-vitamin system branded as the LifeVantage Rise AM Reset PM System in the US, the TimeVantage Zen Go System in Japan, and the TimeVantage Nutrient System in Australia and New Zealand. This product set provides an essential micronutrient foundation of vitamins, minerals, and adaptogens to support ultimate activation for antioxidant pathways. In those same markets we also launched LifeVantage D3+, a micronutrient solution of vitamins D and K2, magnesium and calcium to support a balanced immune response, strong bones and a healthy cardiovascular system. 
 Several products also were introduced into new markets in fiscal year 2023: 
 Australia introduced TrueScience Liquid Collagen, Body Wash and Body Lotion, AXIO , Protandim NAD Synergizer, and LifeVantage IC Bright, and Daily Wellness. 
 New Zealand introduced TrueScience Liquid Collagen and Body Lotion, LifeVantage IC Bright, Daily Wellness and AXIO . 
 6 

Mexico introduced Protandim NAD and PhysIQ BRN as well as LifeVantage IC Bright, Daily IMM and a new delivery system of LifeVantage Protandim Nrf2 in 7-day blister packs for direct retailing to customers. 
 Japan introduced TrueScience Liquid Collagen, Protandim NAD Synergizer, LifeVantage IC Bright, and a limited-edition flavor of LifeVantage Daily Wellness. 
 The United States introduced a number of limited-edition AXIO flavors. 
 Canada, Europe and Hong Kong introduced LifeVantage IC Bright and Daily Wellness. 
 Singapore introduced LifeVantage ProBio, IC Bright and Daily Wellness. 
 Taiwan introduced LifeVantage ProBio. 
 Technology Innovation 
 We continued to develop, enhance and improve the LifeVantage app, which is available for download on the Apple app store and Google Play store. This custom-developed platform is pioneering new ways for us to interact with our independent consultants and gives us and our consultant leaders valuable insight into the activities of the broader independent consultant base. The app provides independent consultants with tools and communications that help simplify business activities, by providing step-by-step instruction for starting their business, and ways to improve the prospecting of potential consultants and customers. 
 Nutrigenomic Culture Activating Wellness 
 We have continued to simplify our nutrigenomic story, emphasizing that it activates and empowers the body to work better by using nutrients to turn natural internal processes on or off and help support vibrant health at any age. Nutrigenomics and cellular activation are cutting-edge trends in our industry that support our unique position in the market and leverage our core competencies and existing products. Activation is the guiding principle of our culture and is the key underlying message for our independent consultants and customers. We are capitalizing on this message by highlighting how LifeVantage has used the concept of activation and expanded it to every aspect of our business, with a new brand message of activating wellness. By focusing on wellness, we are able to apply activation not only to our products, which support physical, mental, and emotional health, but also our business opportunity, which supports financial, social, and spiritual health. The activating wellness message was introduced in fiscal year 2022 and continues to be featured across our communications with our independent consultants and in our brand and marketing materials. In fiscal year 2023, the brand message of activation and activating wellness grew to include four activation paths that encompass three overarching product categories and our business opportunity. The four activation paths are known as Optimize Health, Achieve More, Look Radiant, and Evolve Possibilities. Each product path is anchored by key activating products such as the Protandim line for the Optimize Health pathway. These pathways, as an expansion of our activation message, will continue to be a focus of additional marketing and media assets. 
 Red Carpet Program 
 In fiscal year 2023, we continued to grow through our red-carpet program, which is designed to attract and incentivize experienced direct selling sales leaders who are in transition to join LifeVantage. Red carpet leaders are identified by our independent consultants who facilitate the relationship between the potential red carpet leader and LifeVantage. Our corporate team does not actively engage in recruiting leaders for the red carpet program. We remain optimistic that this program will help drive long term revenue growth for our business. We have increased red carpet leadership enrollments and hope to see improved retention and active independent consultant and customer counts as a result of this program. 
 Rewards Circle Customer Loyalty Program 
 In March 2023, we launched Rewards Circle, our first-ever customer loyalty program, in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan. This program rewards customer loyalty through subscription purchases. The amount spent on each subscription purchase accumulates toward different reward thresholds. When a threshold is reached, the customer receives reward credits that they can apply to future purchases. The amount rewarded varies by the customer s status, which is based on their lifetime cumulative spend. Rewards Circle is focused on supporting customer retention for independent consultants, supporting their efforts to grow and maintain their LifeVantage business. 
 7 

Our Competitive Advantages 
 We believe we have a competitive advantage in several key areas: 
 Our Sales Compensation : We believe our sales compensation plan engineered for our independent consultants is one of the more financially rewarding plans in the direct selling industry and in line with direct selling industry standards. Our sales compensation plan also enables independent consultants to earn compensation early and often as they sell our products. Some elements of our sales compensation plan are calculated and paid daily to eligible independent consultants and others are calculated and paid weekly or monthly, allowing new independent consultants to receive their sales commissions more quickly. We believe the ease of more frequent payments of sales commissions helps us attract and then retain new consultants by allowing them to receive their commission payments as soon as possible after making qualified product sales. We also offer a variety of incentives to our independent consultants for achieving specified product sales goals. We believe our sales compensation plan provides motivation for our independent consultants to sell our products to customers and share the business opportunity with those entrepreneurs seeking to begin their own sales business. In January 2023, we announced the adoption of a new compensation plan for our independent consultants, which became effective March 1, 2023, in our United States, Australia, New Zealand and Japan markets. The new compensation plan is known as our Evolve Compensation Plan. We plan to roll out this new compensation plan to our other markets. 
 Our Products: Our focus is on nutrigenomics, the study of how properly formulated and applied nutrition and naturally occurring compounds affect human genes to support good health. We have developed proprietary and exclusive scientifically validated nutrigenomics products focused on helping individuals look, feel and perform better. Our products are the Protandim line of scientifically validated dietary supplements; LifeVantage Omega+, ProBio, IC Bright , Rise AM, Reset PM, D3+ and Daily Wellness dietary supplements; TrueScience , our line of skin, bath body, target relief, and hair care products; Petandim , our companion pet supplement formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs; Axio , our nootropic energy drink mixes; and PhysIQ our smart weight management system. The Protandim product line includes Protandim NRF1 Synergizer , Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer , and Protandim NAD Synergizer . The Protandim NRF1 Synergizer is formulated to increase cellular energy and performance by boosting mitochondria production to improve cellular repair and slow cellular aging. The Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer contains a proprietary blend of ingredients and has been shown to combat oxidative stress and enhance energy production by increasing the body s natural antioxidant protection at the genetic level, inducing the production of naturally occurring protective antioxidant enzymes, including superoxide dismutase, catalase, and glutathione synthase. The Protandim NAD Synergizer was specifically formulated to target cell signaling pathways involved in the synthesis and recycling of a specific molecule called NAD (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide), and it has been shown to double sirtuin activity, supporting increased health, focus, energy, mental clarity and mood. Use of the three Protandim products together (marketed as the Protandim Tri-Synergizer) has been shown to produce synergistic benefits greater than using the individual products on their own. LifeVantage Omega+ is a dietary supplement that combines DHA and EPA omega-3 fatty acids, omega-7 fatty acids, and vitamin D3 to support cognitive health, cardiovascular health, skin health, and the immune system. LifeVantage ProBio is a dietary supplement designed to support optimal digestion and immune system function. LifeVantage Daily Wellness is a dietary supplement designed to support immune health. IC Bright is a supplement to help support eye and brain health, reduce eye fatigue and strain, support cognitive functions, and may help support normal sleep patterns. Our TrueScience line of Nrf2- and CBD-enhanced anti-aging skin care, hair care, bath body, and targeted relief products includes TrueScience Facial Cleanser, TrueScience Perfecting Lotion, TrueScience Eye Serum, TrueScience Anti-Aging Cream, TrueScience Hand Cream, TrueScience Invigorating Shampoo, TrueScience Nourishing Conditioner, TrueScience Scalp Serum, TrueScience Body Lotion, TrueScience Body Wash, TrueScience Body Butter, TrueScience Deodorant, TrueScience Soothing Balm, TrueScience Body Rub, and TrueScience Liquid Collagen. TrueScience Liquid Collagen activates, replenishes, and maintains collagen to support firmness and elasticity from within. Petandim is a supplement specially formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs through Nrf2 activation. AXIO is our line of our nootropic energy drink mixes formulated to promote alertness and support mental performance. PhysIQ is our smart weight management system, which includes PhysIQ Fat Burn and PhysIQ Prebiotic, all formulated to aid in weight management. We believe our significant number of customers who regularly and repeatedly purchase our products is a strong indicator of the health benefits of our products. 
 Technology-Enabled Consultant Training and Resources : We are committed to providing our independent consultants with resources and training designed to promote productivity and their opportunity for successful sales and resulting commissions. We are dedicated to using technology to facilitate a streamlined approach for independent consultants to manage their businesses and sell our products. The LifeVantage app, which is available for download on the Apple app store and Google Play store, is a custom-developed platform that provides new ways for us to interact with our independent consultants and gives us and our consultant leadership valuable insight into the sales activities of our 
 8 

consultant base. The LifeVantage app was designed to allow independent consultants to conduct their business on a single platform from anywhere in the world. Ultimately, through artificial intelligence and machine learning, we expect that the app will be able to guide independent consultants on what to share, when to share it, and with whom to sell LifeVantage products. In addition, we provide other business and product training materials, and we encourage our independent consultants to participate in company-sponsored events, including conventions and sales promotions and incentives. 
 Our Culture : We are committed to creating a culture for our independent consultants, their customers and our employees that focuses on ethical, legal and transparent business practices. At enrollment, our independent consultants agree to abide by their contract with us, which includes our policies and procedures. These policies and procedures, when followed, are designed to ensure that our independent consultants comply with applicable laws and regulations. Our consultant compliance department monitors the activities of o ur independent consultants as part of our effort to enforce our policies and procedures. Similarly, our code of business conduct and ethics sets forth guidelines and expectations for our employees. We believe our ethical, legal and transparent culture attracts highly qualified employees and independent consultants who share our commitment to these principles. 
 Global Customer Acquisition : We introduced our global customer acquisition program in April 2018 to expand the number of countries where customers can purchase and use our products for personal consumption only. This program allows us to enter additional markets at low incremental cost and enables independent consultants to leverage customer sales through their international relationships outside of their home countries. The program initially launched in eight markets, many of which subsequently became fully open for business on-the-ground through a growing network of resident independent consultants. We continued expanding our global customer base in fiscal year 2021 by entering into key strategic agreements with third parties based in the United States that helps customers ship LifeVantage products purchased in the U.S. throughout the world via their customer personal purchase and importation programs. We also expanded our Auto-Assigned Customer Program, which allows new customers to order directly through www.lifevantage.com without being required to go through an independent consultant on their initial order. After the initial order, these new customers are then assigned to independent consultants, who benefit from the initial sale commission and are then incentivized to provide future product support and sales to the assigned customer. This program provides consumers easier access to our innovative products while providing referrals to our consultant force. 
 Our Employees : We believe that our employees are an essential asset. We have a dedicated team of professionals that support our independent consultants, work to generate long-term value for our stockholders and contribute to the broader society through charitable programs, including the 501(c)(3) LifeVantage Legacy an independent charitable organization focused on bettering the lives of children throughout the world. In turn, we offer competitive compensation and direct employee focus toward the short and long-term goals of our stockholders and independent consultants. 
 
 Scientific Background 
 The Normal Aging Process 
 Aging in humans is a complex process driven by diverse changes in genetic, molecular, biochemical, and cellular events. This multifactorial process is ultimately characterized by a gradual decline in physiological functions and in the effectiveness of the intricate network of internal cellular communication referred to as cellular signaling. Theories as to why humans' age include the oxidative stress theory, the mitochondrial theory, and the sirtuin theory. 
 Oxidative Stress Theory of Aging and the Nrf2 Pathway 
 The oxidative stress theory of aging states that as humans age, we accumulate free radicals and other oxidants. If left unchecked, this oxidative stress can lead to serious consequences to the cell. Oxidative stress can ultimately lead to oxidative damage from attacks and damage to essential biological structures of the cell which results in compromised cellular function. 
 Antioxidants are the cell s primary defense against free radicals and other oxidants. There are two major classes of antioxidants: 1) dietary antioxidants obtained through food and nutritional supplements and 2) endogenous antioxidants produced by the body. A 2013 review of the scientific literature led by the United States National Institutes of Health s National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health concluded that rigorous trials of antioxidant supplements in large numbers of people have not found that high doses of antioxidant supplements prevent disease. Thus, much attention has shifted to the body s endogenous antioxidant and detoxification systems. Endogenous antioxidants are antioxidants made by the body and are the primary line of defense against oxidative stress. In general, endogenous antioxidants either prevent oxidants from being formed, or remove them from the body. Endogenous antioxidants form a complex network of antioxidant metabolites and enzymes. These networks work together, throughout the cell, to neutralize oxidants and protect important biological structures from oxidative damage. 
 9 

Endogenous antioxidants can also be upregulated in times of increasing oxidative stress. The Nrf2 cellular signaling pathway is the primary pathway for upregulating endogenous antioxidant and other detoxification pathways. With age, the activity of this Nrf2 cellular signaling pathway has been shown to decrease both in its ability to sense oxidative threats and ultimately upregulate its target genes. 
 Mitochondrial Theory of Aging and the NRF1 Pathway 
 Mitochondria are membrane-bound cellular organelles that generate most of the chemical energy needed to power the cell's biochemical reactions. The mitochondria produce energy by breaking down food that has been ingested and capturing high-energy electrons in the process. When mitochondria are functioning properly, they harness the energy of these electrons to produce energy for the cell. At the end of this process, the mitochondria attach these electrons to molecular oxygen that ultimately get detoxified to water. However, this process is not perfectly efficient and, even in young, healthy mitochondria, electrons can escape, potentially forming free radicals and other oxidants. 
 The mitochondrial theory of aging states that as humans age, mitochondria function less efficiently, producing less energy and more free radicals and other oxidants. The reduction in energy production compromises cellular function. The increase in free radicals and other oxidants in turn damage structures of the cell, including the mitochondria. This mitochondrial damage goes on to further compromise mitochondrial function leading to a downward spiral of decreased mitochondrial efficiency and increased production of free radicals and other oxidants. This process ultimately contributes to an increase in the overall cellular burden of oxidative stress and otherwise compromises cellular function through decreased energy production. 
 A major cellular signaling pathway believed to be involved in mitochondrial health is NRF1 (nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 1). The NRF1 cellular signaling pathway, directly or indirectly, regulates a number of genes involved in mitochondrial health, turnover, and biogenesis. Nrf1 (Nuclear Respiratory Factor-1) is a protein believed to activate the expression of key genes involved in metabolism, cellular growth, energy production, and mitochondrial DNA transcription and replication. Together with Nrf2, Nrf1 also provides the essential function of coordinating gene expression between nuclear and mitochondrial genomes. An additional protein shown to support mitochondrial health is PGC1-alpha (peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma coactivator-1-alpha). PGC1-alpha has been shown to regulate energy metabolism and is the master regulator of mitochondrial biogenesis and turnover. 
 Sirtuin Theory of Aging and the NAD Pathway 
 The sirtuin theory of aging developed from studies examining the health benefits of caloric restriction. Caloric restriction is the process whereby caloric intake is restricted by as much as 40 to 60 percent. In numerous experimental models, animals put on calorically restricted diets experienced significant increases in maximum lifespan. Numerous studies have concluded that a family of proteins called the sirtuins are required for the increase in lifespan brought on by caloric restriction. 
 When the physiology of humans undergoing caloric restriction was examined, a number of health benefits were discovered. As researchers began to understand the molecular biology of these sirtuins, they found that the enzymatic activity for most of them required the molecule NAD + (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide). NAD + is an essential molecule for many biochemical reactions, most notably metabolism of food for energy in the mitochondria. 
 Taken together, these findings are intriguing because now there is a direct link between metabolism and healthy longevity. When energy intake is normal, the primary role of NAD + is for energy production. However, when NAD + levels increase, either due to restricting calories or increasing the cellular production of NAD + , it becomes a signaling molecule to activate sirtuins and other health promoting mechanisms within the cell. 
 
 Research and Development 
 Historically, we have focused our research and development efforts on creating and supporting scientifically validated products under the LifeVantage , Protandim , TrueScience , Petandim , AXIO , and PhysIQ federation of brands. We anticipate that our future research and development efforts will be focused on creating, developing and evaluating new products that are consistent with our commitment to provide quality, scientifically validated products that activate and empower the body s ability to work better. We will use our activation paths of Optimize Health, Look Radiant, and Achieve More as a guide as we look to identify new areas to focus our research and development efforts. As we expand, we intend to build on our foundation of nutrigenomics with products that activate or support products that activate gene or cell pathways targeting specific benefit areas, provide real results, and are an essential and enjoyable part of everyday life. We are also exploring ways to expand our product delivery systems. We remain committed to helping people look and feel healthy and vibrant at any age by combating sources of premature aging or declining health. 
 
 Product Overview 
 10 

Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer 
 Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer is a patented dietary supplement that has been shown in clinical trials to reduce the age-dependent increase in markers of oxidative stress and has also been shown to provide substantial benefits to combat the variety of negative health effects linked to oxidative stress. 
 Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer combats oxidative stress by increasing the body s natural antioxidant protection at the gene level. The unique blend of phytonutrients in Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer signals the activation of Nrf2 to increase production of antioxidant enzymes, specifically superoxide dismutase and catalase, and other cell-protective gene products. The body's internally produced antioxidant enzymes provide a better defense against oxidative stress than externally derived sources of antioxidants such as vitamin C and vitamin E. Unlike externally derived sources of antioxidants, these enzymes are catalytic, which means these enzymes are not used up upon neutralizing free radicals. 
 We hold multiple U.S. patents related to Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer . We believe these patents set Protandim apart from other dietary supplements and protect the original formula as well as certain formula modifications we could create to extend our Protandim product line. We sell Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer in three formulas around the world. 
 Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer has been, and is expected to continue to be, the subject of numerous independent scientific studies at various universities and research facilities including Ohio State University, Louisiana State University, University of Colorado Denver, Virginia Commonwealth University, Colorado State University, Texas Tech University and the National Institute on Aging. The results of these studies have been published in a variety of peer-reviewed scientific journals, including Free Radical Biology Medicine, Enzyme Research, Circulation-the scientific journal of the American Heart Association, American Journal of Physiology-Lung Cellular and Molecular Physiology, PLoS One, Journal of Dietary Supplements, Molecular Aspects of Medicine, Oxidative Medicine and Cell Longevity, Exercise Sports Science Reviews , Clinical Pharmacology, the FASEB Journal, and the Journal of Applied Physiology. 
 We also continue to perform our own research into Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer and the synergy with other products in our portfolio. In fiscal year 2023, we received a patent for the combination of Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer , Protandim NRF1 Synergizer , and Protandim NAD Synergizer (marketed as the Protandim Tri-Synergizer), continuing to show how our Protandim product line is differentiated and unique in the marketplace. We also filed a U.S. Patent application in fiscal year 2023 which, if granted, will protect the combined effects and synergistic benefits of the Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer and TrueScience Liquid Collagen products when used together. 
 Protandim NRF1 Synergizer 
 Protandim NRF1 Synergizer is a dietary supplement which was formulated to strengthen the mitochondria, the powerhouse of all cells, for better cellular health. It is designed to work in tandem with our flagship Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer and further enhance the body's internal ability to naturally produce antioxidants and reduce the effects of cellular stress. Protandim NRF1 Synergizer activates NRF1, a protein that regulates the expression of genes involved in mitochondrial DNA transcription, translation and repair. The unique blend of ingredients in Protandim NRF1 Synergizer supports the mitochondria to slow cellular aging and increase cellular energy. 
 Protandim NAD Synergizer 
 Sirtuin activity naturally declines by as much as 60 percent as humans age. Research has long shown that sirtuin activity can be increased by as much as 94 percent through drastic caloric restriction. Protandim NAD Synergizer is a dietary supplement which was specifically formulated to target the biochemical pathways involved in the synthesis and recycling of a specific molecule called NAD (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide) and has been shown to double sirtuin activity in just 24 hours. Sirtuin activity has been linked to multiple health benefits. In addition to being responsible for cellular autophagy (cellular cleanup and renewal process), sirtuins help improve mental focus and concentration, support positive mood and motivation, boost mental and physical energy, aid in maintaining cholesterol levels already in a healthy range, support a healthy vascular system, and promote healthy longevity. A recent study on the active ingredients in NAD Synergizer also demonstrated a significant increase in NAD+ associated metabolites. 
 The Protandim Family of Products and Nutrigenomics 
 Nutrigenomics is the study of how foods and individual nutrients can affect gene expression and how genes can also affect how humans metabolize food. Specific combinations of nutrients that engage cellular signaling and biochemical pathways are believed to unlock specific health mechanisms in human cells, tissues, and organs. Specifically, by looking at the cellular signaling and biochemical pathways known to be implicated in the aging process, we have formulated products to address various effects of aging utilizing nutrigenomics. This is the rationale behind the Protandim family of products, which were formulated from specific combinations of nutrients to support natural cellular functions by targeting specific cellular signaling 
 11 

and biochemical pathways related to oxidative stress, optimal mitochondrial function, and activation of the sirtuin family of proteins. 
 
 LifeVantage Omega+ 
 LifeVantage Omega+ is a dietary supplement that combines DHA and EPA omega-3 fatty acids, omega-7 fatty acids, and vitamin D3 to support cognitive health, cardiovascular health, skin health, and the immune system. 
 
 LifeVantage ProBio 
 LifeVantage ProBio is a dietary supplement designed to support long-term gut health by restoring healthy gut bacteria to support digestive system health. 
 
 LifeVantage IC Bright 
 IC Bright combines macular carotenoids with vitamins and key ingredients that effectively support eye and brain health. It helps reduce eye fatigue and strain from use of digital devices, helps promote healthy levels of essential proteins for the brain, and may help support normal sleep patterns, which can be disrupted by blue light exposure. 
 
 LifeVantage Daily Wellness 
 LifeVantage Daily Wellness is a dietary supplement designed to strengthen immune health by supporting and balancing the three essential roles of the immune system: barrier, innate and adaptive. 
 
 LifeVantage Rise AM Reset PM System 
 The LifeVantage Rise AM Reset PM System is an intelligent approach to a multivitamin that uses Timewise Nutrient Delivery to provide the body with the right nutrients in the right amounts at the right time. Timewise Nutrient Delivery was developed in combination with experts in biochemistry, biophysics, and molecular biology and results in nutrition that allows your body to stay in sync with its natural rhythms, delivering energy and focus for a productive day and helping to calm the mind and body at night. 
 
 LifeVantage D3 + 
 LifeVantage D3+ is a dietary supplement that provides vitamin D3, vitamin K2, magnesium, calcium, and other trace minerals to support a balanced immune system, strong bones, and cardiovascular health. 
 
 PhysIQ 
 We sell weight management products under our PhysIQ brand, which consists of: 
 PhysIQ Fat Burn: a supplement containing naturally derived active ingredients to stimulate the breakdown of abdominal fat, increase energy and support long-term weight management. 
 PhysIQ Prebiotic: a supplement designed to support the good bacteria in the gut and a healthy microbiome, resulting in a healthier digestive tract and a healthier metabolism. 
 
 TrueScience Skin Care 
 Our line of anti-aging skin care products under our LifeVantage TrueScience brand, consists of: 
 TrueScience Liquid Collagen : our first digestible liquid supplement in fully recyclable glass bottles that activates, replenishes, and maintains the body s production of collagen on the cellular level to support skin firmness and elasticity for healthy, glowing skin. 
 TrueScience Facial Cleanser: a concentrated, ultra-rich cleanser used to remove impurities and light make-up without drying or stripping natural oils in the skin. 
 TrueScience Perfecting Lotion: a hybrid lotion formulated for smoother, radiant and brighter looking skin. 
 TrueScience Eye Serum: a serum that noticeably improves the visible signs of fine lines, creases and wrinkles around the entire eye area, diminishes puffiness above and below the eye, firms and tightens the upper eyelid area and evens skin tone and dark circles that are visible signs of aging. 
 TrueScience Anti-Aging Cream: a cream that deeply moisturizes and helps to combat the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. 
 12 

TrueScience Hand Cream: a cream formulated with Nrf2 ingredients to moisturize skin and decrease the visible signs of premature aging on the hands. 
 Our TrueScience Beauty System includes the following products in a TSA-compliant set: TrueScience Facial Cleanser, TrueScience Perfecting Lotion, TrueScience Eye Serum, and TrueScience Anti-Aging Cream. 
 We received two composition patents related to our LifeVantage TrueScience skin care products, which were tested in an independent third-party clinical study and shown to reduce the visible signs of aging by utilizing Nrf2 technology to mitigate the visible effects of skin damage caused by oxidative stress. Our LifeVantage TrueScience skin care products leverage our research on Nrf2 activation and oxidative stress. 
 
 TrueScience Hair Care 
 Our line of hair care products under our TrueScience brand, consists of: 
 TrueScience Invigorating Shampoo: Mild surfactant and added amino acid blend that cleans hair without drying out the scalp. 
 TrueScience Nourishing Conditioner: Deeply nourishing weightless conditioner that helps hair feel soft and smooth and look fuller and thicker. 
 TrueScience Scalp Serum: A serum that nourishes the scalp to support normal hair growth while soothing all scalp types. 
 
 Petandim 
 Petandim is a supplement specially formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs through Nrf2 activation. Petandim builds upon the active ingredients in Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer to reduce oxidative stress and support joint function, mobility and flexibility in dogs. Petandim received the Quality Seal from the National Animal Supplement Council. 
 
 AXIO 
 AXIO is our line of energy drink mixes, formulated as a nootropic to promote alertness and support mental performance. These energy drink powders deliver sustained energy, as well as improved mental focus and promote a positive mood. Available in regular and decaf formulas, AXIO is derived from a unique combination of scientifically validated ingredients. 
 
 Product Stacking 
 A stack consists of multiple products bundled together that are designed to achieve a specific result. By studying the effects of nutrients and natural compounds, we have developed scientifically backed nutrigenomics products that promote healthy aging on the cellular level. By stacking these products together, we have created a foundation for synergy from nutrigenomic products to promote a healthier life. 
 The Vitality Stack includes four of our nutrigenomics products Protandim NRF1 Synergizer , Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer , LifeVantage Omega+ and LifeVantage ProBio. This product stack was designed to provide a foundation for wellness, supporting healthy organs, including the brain, heart, eyes, and other vitals. With the Ultimate Stack, we added Protandim NAD Synergizer and PhysIQ Prebiotic to our Vitality Stack to support gut health and increase sirtuin activity, supporting increased health, focus, energy, mental clarity and mood. The Protandim Tri-Synergizer consists of our Protandim NRF1 Synergizer , Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer and Protandim NAD Synergizer , and was designed to effectively and synergistically reduce oxidative stress, support mitochondria function, increase sirtuin activity, and target cell signaling pathways to fight the effects of aging. We also offer stacks that directly support the following consumer needs: immune support, heart health, energy, well-being, eye health, cognition and memory, metabolism, gut health, skin care, and hair care. 
 
 Distribution of Products 
 We believe our products are well suited for consultant to customer sales through our direct selling model. This model allows our independent consultants to educate our customers regarding the benefits of our unique products more thoroughly than other business models. Our direct selling model also allows our independent consultants to offer personalized customer service to our customers and encourage regular use of our products. 
 
 Product Return Policy 
 All products purchased directly from us include a product guarantee. Subject to some exceptions based on local regulations, we will accept returns of opened and unopened products within 30 days of purchase for a full refund of the 
 13 

purchase price. In addition, our product return program allows independent consultants to return certain unopened, unexpired products for a refund of the purchase price less a 10 restocking fee and any paid commissions. The amount of inventory we will repurchase from an independent consultant is subject to specified policies and procedures. 
 
 Accounts 
 We generally categorize accounts as either independent consultants or customers, both of which may be consumers of our products. 
 
 Independent Consultants 
 An independent consultant in our company is an independent contractor who participates in our direct sales opportunity by enrolling through the independent consultant contract process and selling our products. Independent consultants may purchase our products and sell them to others either directly or through our company. We believe our independent consultants are typically entrepreneurs, who believe in our products and desire to earn income through sales commissions and by building their own consulting business. Many of our independent consultants are attracted by the opportunity to sell unique, scientifically validated products without incurring significant start-up costs. Independent consultants sign a contract with us that includes a requirement that they adhere to strict policies and procedures. Independent consultants may purchase product from us for individual and family consumption and for demonstrations, samples and retailing opportunities. 
 While we provide product development, shipping and logistics support, brochures, magazines, a website, the LifeVantage app and other sales and marketing materials, independent consultants are primarily responsible for their sales to customers and for attracting, enrolling and educating new independent consultants about the benefits of our products and sales compensation plan. An independent consultant creates multiple levels of compensation by selling our products and enrolling new independent consultants who sell our products. These newly enrolled independent consultants form a downline or group for the independent consultant who enrolled them. If downline independent consultants enroll new independent consultants or customers who purchase our products, they create additional levels of compensation and their downline independent consultants remain in the same downline network as the original enrolling independent consultant We pay commissions only upon the sale of our products. We do not pay commissions for enrolling independent consultants. 
 We define active indepe ndent consultants as those independent consultants who have purchased product from us for retail sales or personal consumption during the prior three months. We had approximately 54,000 and 63,000 active independent consultants as of each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Independent Consultant Compensation 
 In January 2023, we announced the adoption of the Evolve Compensation Plan for our independent consultants, which became effective March 1, 2023, in our United States, Australia, New Zealand and Japan markets. We plan to roll out this new compensation plan to other markets. 
 We believe our sales compensation plan is one of the more financially rewarding in the direct selling industry and in line with direct selling industry standards. Some elements of our sales compensation plan are paid daily, to eligible consultants, and others are paid weekly or monthly. We believe this gives us a competitive advantage and helps retain new consultants by allowing them to receive some sales commissions in a more timely manner from their sales efforts. Our sales compensation plan is intended to appeal to a broad cross-section of people, including those seeking to supplement family income, start a home-based business or pursue entrepreneurial opportunities full- or part-time. Through the Evolve Compensation Plan our independent consultants earn bonuses specifically for the sale of products to customers and by growing a customer subscription-based business, creating greater opportunities for consultants who are not interested in enrolling other consultants to sell products. Our independent consultants earn sales commissions on product sales to their personally enrolled customers and independent consultants and the product sales to customers and independent consultants within their sales organization, or "downline." Our independent consultants can also earn money by purchasing product from us and selling that product to others at their chosen retail price. We pay sales commissions in the local currency of the independent consultant s home country. 
 
 Independent Consultant Motivation and Training 
 Our revenue depends on the sales success and productivity of our independent consultants. We provide tools, training and technology designed to increase our independent consultants' sales productivity and increase their potential for sales success. We offer training and business development opportunities to our independent consultants, including the opportunities listed below. 
 Playbook : Professionally designed training materials independent consultants can utilize in their sales efforts. 
 14 

Activation Nation Podcast : Our digital audio series presented by our corporate support team and independent consultant leaders provides training and tips on becoming more productive in selling our products. 
 Elite Academy, Global Convention, and Other Company-Sponsored Training : We hold regularly occurring live and virtual company-sponsored events intended to provide sales training and motivation to our independent consultants, in addition to twice-weekly virtual consultant trainings. 
 Promotions and Incentive Trips : We hold special sales promotions, business incentives and incentive trips from time to time in order to motivate our independent consultants to accomplish specific sales goals. 
 Mobile Application : The LifeVantage app was designed to allow users to conduct their business on a single platform from anywhere in the world. Ultimately, through artificial intelligence and machine learning, we expect that the app will be able to guide users on what to share, when to share it, and with whom to maximize their sales potential. 
 Online Social Media Groups : Through the use of social media platforms, we host online groups to support the success of our independent consultants. Important announcements, trainings, calls and documentation are also shared through our social media groups to provide our independent consultants many opportunities to find the training and support. 
 Corporate Support Team : The LifeVantage contact center, VIP Lines, and sales support team are designed to provide support, motivation, training and resources to our independent consultants through their business journey. As consultants advance through the titles in our consultant path, they continue to receive more personalized support. 
 We continue to evaluate new ways in which to incorporate new technology and sales training opportunities to improve consultant product sales. 
 
 Independent Consultant Compliance Activities 
 Given that our independent consultants are independent contractors, we do not control or direct their promotional efforts. We do, however, require that our independent consultants abide by policies and procedures that require them to act in an ethical manner and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. As a member of the United States Direct Selling Association and similar organizations in many of the markets where we do business, we are also subject to the ethical business practices and consumer service standards required by the industry's code of ethics. 
 Independent consultants represent to us that their receipt of sales commissions is based on their product sales and by product sales of other LifeVantage consultants in their personal marketing organization. We must produce or pre-approve all sales aids used by independent consultants, such as brochures and online materials. Products may be promoted only through sales materials produced or approved by us. Independent consultants may not use our trademarks or other intellectual property without our written consent. 
 We monitor and systematically review alleged independent consultant misbehavior through our internal consultant compliance department. If we determine one of our independent consultants has violated any of our policies and procedures, we first attempt to educate, but may discipline or terminate the independent consultant s rights to sell or distribute our products when appropriate. When necessary, we have brought legal action against independent consultants, or former consultants, to enforce our policies and procedures. Short of termination or legal action, and in addition to educating, we may impose sanctions against independent consultants whose actions are in violation of our policies and procedures. Such sanctions may include warnings, probation, withdrawal or denial of an award, suspension of privileges of a consultantship, fines and/or withholding of commissions until specified conditions are satisfied, or other appropriate injunctive relief. 
 
 Customers 
 Customers purchase products directly from us at either our retail (list) pricing for one-time purchases or our subscription price on a monthly subscription basis for personal consumption, without the ability to resell or earn commissions from the purchase or sale of such products. Customers who order their items on a subscription also automatically join our Rewards Circle loyalty program, a program that rewards customer loyalty through subscription purchases. A customer may decide to enroll as an independent consultant at any time if they become interested in selling our products. We believe our customers are a great source of word-of-mouth advertising for our products. We also believe our large base of customers validates the health benefits of our products. 
 We define an active customer as a customer who has purchased product from us within the prior three months. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, we had approximately 89,000 and 93,000 active customers, respectively. 
 15 

Sales of Our Products 
 We accept orders for our products through our website at www.lifevantage.com and through personalized websites we provide to our independent consultants, which we refer to as Virtual Offices. Orders placed through Virtual Offices and through our website are processed daily at our fulfillment centers, where orders are shipped directly to the consumer. 
 We offer toll-free numbers for our independent consultants and our customers to order product or ask questions. Our customer service representatives assist customers in placing orders through our web order processing system, answering questions, tracking packages, and initiating refunds. The customer service representatives receive extensive training about our products and our direct selling business model. LifeVantage customers and independent consultants generally pay for products by credit card, prior to shipment, and as a result, we carry minimal accounts receivable. 
 
 Seasonality 
 In addition to general economic factors, we are impacted by seasonal factors and trends such as major cultural events and vacation patterns. We believe that direct selling in the United States and Japan is also generally negatively impacted during our first fiscal quarter, from July 1 through September 30, when many individuals, including our independent consultants, traditionally take vacations. The timing and size of our training events and incentive trips can also cause revenue and expense to fluctuate in the periods that they are held. 
 Although our product launch process may vary by market, we may introduce new products to our customers and independent consultants through limited-time offers and promotions. The limited-time offers and promotions typically generate significant activity and a high level of sales and purchasing, which may result in a higher-than-normal increase in revenue during the quarter of the limited-time offer and skew year-over-year and sequential comparisons. Similarly, company events for independent consultants typically generate a higher-than-normal increase in revenue. The timing of these events can also skew year-over-year and sequential comparisons. 
 
 Geographic Information 
 We sell our products in the United States, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Hong Kong, Canada, Thailand, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, Taiwan, Austria, Spain, Ireland, Belgium, New Zealand, Singapore, and the Philippines. We also sell our products in a number of countries to customers for personal consumption only. In addition, we sold our products in China through our approved e-commerce business model until March 2023, at which time we closed our e-commerce business in China. In fiscal year 2023, revenue generated in the United States accounted for approximately 70 of our total revenue and revenue generated from Japan accounted for approximately 15 of our total revenue. For reporting purposes, we generally divide our markets into two geographic regions: the Americas regio n and the Asia/Pacific Europe region. The following table sets forth net revenue information by region for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Americas 155,361 72.8 138,323 67.0 Asia/Pacific Europe 58,037 27.2 68,037 33.0 Total 213,398 100.0 206,360 100.0 
 Additional comparative revenue and related financial information is presented in the section captioned " Segment Information" in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Marketing 
 We utilize our network of i ndependent c onsultants located throughout the United States, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Hong Kong, Canada, Thailand, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, Taiwan, Austria, Spain, Ireland, Belgium, New Zealand, Singapore, and the Philippines to market and sell our products. We also have in-house sales, marketing, IT, and customer service groups dedicated to supporting our independent consultants. Support includes training and education, personalized assistance, in-person and digital events, recognition, incentives and promotions, digital and social media content, press coverage, regular communications, as well as a full suite of marketing assets, including content for their websites. 
 
 Raw Materials and Manufacturing 
 We outsource the primary manufacturing, fulfillment, and shipping components of our business to third-party companies we believe possess a high degree of expertise. We believe outsourcing provides us access to advanced manufacturing process capabilities and expertise without incurring fixed costs associated with manufacturing our own products in house. 
 16 

We currently outsource the manufacture of our products to multiple third-party contract manufacturers. Our contract manufacturers have a legal obligation to comply with the current Good Manufacturing Practices regulations that are applicable to those who manufacture, package, label and hold dietary supplements and personal care products. Additionally, we are subject to regulations that, among other things, obligate us to know what and how manufacturing activities are performed so that we can make decisions related to whether the packaged and labeled product conforms to our established specifications and whether to approve and release product for distribution to consumers. We maintain and qualify alternative manufacturing options in order to keep our costs low, maintain the quality of our products, and prepare for unanticipated spikes in demand or manufacturing failure. Our contract manufacturers deliver products to our fulfillment centers based on our purchase orders. We also have a Vendor Code of Conduct that we expect our contract manufacturers and/or vendors to adhere to. This Vendor Code of Conduct requires contract manufacturers and vendors to abide by certain human rights, labor rights, protection of the environment and fight against corruption standards outlined under the United Nations Global Compact. 
 We acquire raw materials for our products from third-party suppliers. Although we generally have good relationships with our suppliers, we believe we could replace any of our current suppliers without great difficulty or significant increase to our cost of goods sold. We also have ongoing relationships with secondary and tertiary suppliers. Please refer to " Risk Factors - High quality material for our products may be difficult to obtain or expensive " for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties associated with our sourcing of raw materials. 
 
 Product Liability and Other Insurance 
 We have product liability insurance coverage for our products that we believe is adequate for our needs. We also maintain commercial property and liability coverage, directors and officers liability insurance, workers compensation coverage and cyber information security risk insurance policies as well as foreign and other miscellaneous coverage. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect our intellectual property through patent protection, trademarks and trade secrets, licensed rights and contractual protections, and intend to continue to develop a strong brand identity for our company and our products. 
 Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer is a proprietary, patented dietary supplement formulation for enhancing antioxidant enzymes including superoxide dismutase and catalase. The patents and patent applications protecting its formulations are held by LifeVantage Corporation or our wholly owned subsidiary, Lifeline Nutraceuticals Corporation. Our intellectual property is covered, in part, by many issued U.S. patents. Our patents and patent applications claim the benefit of priority of multiple U.S. provisional patent applications, the earliest of which was filed on March 23, 2004, and relate to compositions, methods of use, and methods of manufacture of various compositions, including those embodied by the Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer formulation. The expected duration of our patent protection via some granted patents for Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer is at least through approximately March 2025, and we continue to research and file new composition and method patents in the U.S. for enhanced and improved product formulations that will extend our patent protection for a variety of product formulations and methods. During fiscal year 2018, we received other patents for personal care or skin care products. These patents expire approximately February 2036. In fiscal year 2023, we received a patent for the combination of Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer , Protandim NRF1 Synergizer , and Protandim NAD Synergizer , collectively called the Tri-Synergizer pack. In fiscal year 2023, we filed for a U.S. patent application which, if granted, will protect the combined synergistic effects and benefits of the Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer and TrueScience Liquid Collagen products when these two products are used together. 
 We continue to protect our products and brands using trademarks. We have filed and successfully procured registered trademarks for our key brands consisting of Protandim , LifeVantage , and TrueScience in many countries around the world, and we have pending trademark applications for these and other marks in many other countries. We anticipate seeking protection in other countries, as we deem appropriate. 
 In order to protect the confidentiality of our intellectual property, including trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary technical and business information, it is our policy to limit access to such information to those who require access in order to perform their functions and to enter into agreements with employees, consultants and vendors to contractually protect such information. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Direct Selling Companies 
 We compete with other direct selling companies, many of which have longer operating histories and greater visibility, name recognition and financial resources than we do. We also compete with newer direct selling companies that may attempt to solicit our independent consultants by offering the possibility of a more financially rewarding opportunity or by being among 
 17 

the company's early consultant base. We compete for new consultants with these companies on the basis of our business opportunity, product offerings, sales compensation plan, management and operations. In order to successfully compete in the direct selling industry and attract and retain quality consultants, we must maintain the attractiveness of our business opportunity, product offerings and sales compensation plan. 
 
 Dietary Supplement Market 
 We compete with other companies that sell dietary supplements. We believe the dietary supplement market is highly fragmented and competitive. We believe competition in the dietary supplement market is based primarily on quality, price, efficacy, brand name, and recognition of product benefits. In the dietary supplement industry, our competition includes numerous nutritional supplement companies, pharmaceutical companies and packaged food and beverage companies. Many of these companies have broader product lines, larger sales volumes and greater financial resources than we do. Additionally, some of these companies are able to compete more effectively due to greater vertical integration. Increased competition in the dietary supplement market could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Nrf2 Activators 
 In the last few years, we have seen the number of products marketed as Nrf2 activators increase. We anticipate the number of products that claim to activate Nrf2 will continue to increase as the technology becomes more popular and more broadly accepted. 
 Direct Antioxidants 
 Vitamin C, vitamin E, other vitamin/mineral antioxidants, and other sources of externally derived antioxidants may be considered competitors of Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer but they are mechanistically distinct from Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer . These other sources of antioxidants do not increase the body s elimination of oxidants using internal antioxidant enzymes. Our research indicates that Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer increases production of anti-fibrotic gene products, including antioxidant enzymes, such as superoxide dismutase and catalase, within the cells of the body. We believe that the body s internally produced antioxidant enzymes provide a better defense against oxidative stress than externally derived sources of antioxidants. 
 Oral Superoxide Dismutase and Catalase 
 There are many companies performing research into antioxidants. Several companies sell oral forms of superoxide dismutase and catalase. Although we believe Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer is a superior alternative to oral forms of superoxide dismutase and catalase, these products do compete with Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer in the marketplace. We anticipate additional companies will likely develop, purchase or in-license products that are competitive with Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer . 
 Omega Fatty Acid Products 
 There are many companies that market omega supplements, including omega-3. Although LifeVantage Omega+ contains a unique combination of DHA and EPA omega-3 fatty acids, omega-7 fatty acids, and vitamin D3, we anticipate additional companies will likely develop products that are competitive with LifeVantage Omega+. 
 Probiotic Products 
 There are many companies that market probiotic supplements and we anticipate additional companies will likely continue to develop products that are competitive with our LifeVantage ProBio supplement. 
 Eye Health and Vitamin Products 
 There are many companies that market eye health and other vitamin/mineral supplements and we anticipate additional companies will likely continue to develop products that are competitive with our IC Bright , LifeVantage Daily Wellness, LifeVantage Rise AM Reset PM System , and LifeVantage D3+. 
 
 Personal Skin Care Market 
 In the personal skin care market, we compete principally with large, well-known cosmetics companies that manufacture and sell broad product lines through retail establishments. Many of these competitors have greater financial resources and brand recognition than we do. We believe, however, we can compete with these larger companies by leveraging our direct selling model and emphasizing our unique, science-based, Nrf2 and personal care products. We also now compete in the growing global liquid collagen market and believe we can compete with our triple-action formula that has been shown to deliver visible results in only 30 days as it activates, replenishes and maintains collagen levels. Our TrueScience Liquid Collagen product is a 
 18 

unique blend featuring sustainably sourced, hydrolyzed fish collagen that delivers 10 different types of peptides significantly more than most competitive products plus a unique red quinoa extract that has been shown to up regulate genes associated with collagen production and down regulate those that produce enzymes that break down collagen. 
 
 Personal Hair Care Market 
 In the personal hair care market, we compete principally with large, well-known hair care companies that manufacture and sell broad product lines through retail establishments. Many of these competitors have greater financial resources and brand recognition than we do. We believe, however, we can compete with these larger companies by leveraging our direct selling model and emphasizing our unique, science-based hair care products. 
 
 Animal Supplement Market 
 We compete principally with large, well-known companies in the animal supplement market. Most of the companies we compete with in the animal supplement market have broad distribution channels that include retail establishments. Many of these competitors have greater financial resources and brand recognition than we do. We believe, however, that we can compete with these larger companies by leveraging our direct selling model and emphasizing our unique, science-based animal supplement product. 
 
 Energy Drink Market 
 We compete with large, well-known companies in the energy drink market. Most of the companies we compete with in the energy drink market have broad distribution channels that include big box retail establishments. Many of these competitors have greater financial resources and brand recognition than we do. We intend to compete with these larger companies by leveraging our direct selling model and emphasizing our unique, science-based energy drink product. AXIO is a no sugar, low-carbohydrate and low-calorie energy drink that is also non-GMO, gluten-free and vegan. 
 
 Weight Management Market 
 We compete with large, well-known companies in the weight management market. Most of the companies we compete with in the weight management market have broad distribution channels that include big box retail establishments. Many of these competitors have greater financial resources and brand recognition than we do. We intend to compete with these larger companies by leveraging our direct selling model and emphasizing our unique, science-based weight management products. 
 
 Regulatory Environment 
 The formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, and advertising of our products in the United States are subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration FDA and the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), as well as comparable state laws. 
 
 FDA Regulations and DSHEA 
 We market our Protandim products as dietary supplements as defined in the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994, or DSHEA. DSHEA is intended to promote access to safe, quality dietary supplements, and information about dietary supplements. DSHEA established a new framework governing the composition and labeling of dietary supplements. DSHEA does not apply to animal supplements like Petandim . We are not required to obtain FDA pre-market approval to sell our products in the United States under current laws. 
 DSHEA permits statements of nutritional support, called structure-function statements, to be included in labeling for dietary supplements without FDA marketing approval. Such statements may claim a benefit related to a classical nutrient deficiency disease and disclose the prevalence of such disease in the United States, describe the role of a nutrient or dietary ingredient intended to affect the structure or function in humans, characterize the documented mechanism by which a nutrient or dietary ingredient acts to maintain such structure or function, or describe general well-being from consumption of a nutrient or dietary ingredient. Such statements may not expressly o r impliedly claim that a dietary supplement is intended to diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent a disease. A company that uses a structure-function statement in labeling must possess evidence substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading and is supported by competent and reliable scientific evidence. 
 The FDA may assert that a particular structure-function statement that a company is using is an illegal claim; that assertion, normally, is in the form of a warning letter to that company. We have a duty to send to the FDA a notice that lists each new structure-function statement made by us; we are obligated to send that notice within 30 days after the first marketing of a supplement with such a statement. 
 19 

DSHEA also permits certain scientific literature, for example a reprint of a peer-reviewed scientific publication, to be used in connection with the sale of a dietary supplement to consumers without the literature being subject to regulation as labeling. However, such literature must not be false or misleading, the literature may not promote a particular manufacturer or brand of dietary supplement and it must include a balanced view of the available scientific information on the subject matter, among other requirements. 
 The FDA's Center for Veterinary Medicine CVM is responsible for enforcing the portion of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FFDCA ), that relates to animal supplements, like our Petandim product. CVM's primary responsibility in enforcing the FFDCA is to ensure that animal supplements are safe, effective, and can be manufactured to a consistent standard. CVM has taken the position that DSHEA does not apply to products intended for animals, but it is clear that products like Petandim are under FDA jurisdiction. 
 Our Petandim product follows the labeling rules of the National Animal Supplement Council NASC of which LifeVantage is a member. Under the NASC rules, Petandim is classified as a dosage form animal health product. 
 While we exercise care in our formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, and advertising of our products, we cannot guarantee the FDA will never inform us that the FDA believes some violation of law has occurred either by us or by our independent consultants. Any allegations of our non-compliance may result in time-consuming and expensive defense of our activities. The FDA s normal course of action is to issue a warning letter if it believes that a product is misbranded or adulterated. The responsive action requested by the FDA differs depending upon the nature of the product and claims in question. Typically, the FDA expects a written response within 15 working days of the receipt of a warning letter. The warning letter is public information posted on the FDA s web site. That information could affect our relationships with our customers/consumers, investors, independent consultants, vendors, and employees. Warning letters also often spark private class action litigation under state consumer protection statutes. The FDA could also order compliance activities, such as an inspection of our facilities and products, and could file a civil lawsuit in which an arrest warrant (seizure) could be issued as to some or all of our products. In extraordinary cases, we could be named a defendant and sued for declaratory and injunctive relief. There were no open letters from the FDA as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 FTC Regulations 
 Advertising and marketing of our products in the United States are also subject to regulation by the FTC under the Federal Trade Commission Act FTC Act ). Among other things, the FTC Act prohibits unfair methods of competition and unfair false or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce. The FTC Act also makes it illegal to disseminate or cause to be disseminated any false advertisement for food, drugs, devices, services, or cosmetics." The FTC Act provides that disseminating any false advertisement pertaining to foods, which would include dietary supplements, is an unfair or deceptive act or practice. An advertiser is required to have competent and reliable scientific evidence for all express and implied health-related product claims at the time the claims are first made. We are required to have adequate scientific substantiation for all material advertising claims made for our products in the United States. The FTC routinely reviews websites to identify questionable advertising claims and practices. Competitors sometimes inform the FTC when they believe other competitors are violating the FTC Act and consumers may also notify the FTC of what they believe may be wrongful advertising. The FTC may initiate a non-public investigation that focuses on our advertising claims, which usually involves non-public pre-lawsuit extensive formal discovery. Such an investigation may be very expensive to defend, be lengthy, and result in a publicly disclosed Consent Decree, which is a settlement agreement. If no settlement can be reached, the FTC may start an administrative proceeding or a federal court lawsuit against us and/or our principal officers. The FTC often seeks to recover from the defendants, whether in a Consent Decree or a proceeding, any or all of the following: (i) consumer redress in the form of monetary relief or disgorgement of profits; (ii) significant reporting requirements for several years; and (iii) injunctive relief. In addition, most, if not all, states have statutes prohibiting deceptive and unfair acts and practices. The requirements under these state statutes are similar to those of the FTC Act. 
 The National Advertising Division NAD ), of the national Better Business Bureau, a non-governmental not-for-profit organization through its Advertising Self-Regulatory Council ASRC ), is also actively engaged in conducting investigations, called inquiries, which are focused on determining whether the requisite claim substantiation standard exists for advertising claims, including specific structure-function claims. Although the results of each inquiry or proceeding are not binding on the recipient, they are posted on NAD s website, and the NAD often refers cases to the FTC, if the advertisers do not agree to modify their advertising in conformance with the NAD decision. We have been the subject of a NAD proceeding in 2008 and 2009, which was concluded in 2009. 
 In January 2019, the Direct Selling Self-Regulatory Council DSSRC was introduced. T his program monitors the entire direct selling channel including Direct Selling Association member companies and non-members. The DSSRC provides impartial monitoring, enforcement, and dispute resolution regarding product claims or income representations (including lifestyle claims) disseminated by direct selling companies and their sales force members (consultants). The failure of a company 
 20 

to resolve DSSRC complaints will ultimately result in the DSSRC reporting the matter to the FTC, which may or may not pursue enforcement action in any given case. There were no open letters from the FTC as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 Regulation of Direct Selling Activities 
 Direct selling activities are regulated by the FTC, as well as various federal, state and local governmental agencies in the United States and foreign countries. These laws and regulations are generally intended to prevent fraudulent or deceptive schemes, often referred to as pyramid schemes, which compensate participants primarily for recruiting additional participants without sufficient emphasis on product sales. The laws and regulations may often: 
 require us or our independent consultants to register with governmental agencies; 
 impose caps on the amount or type of sales commission we can pay; 
 impose reporting requirements; and 
 require that we ensure, among other things, that our independent consultants maintain levels of product sales to qualify to receive sales commissions and that our independent consultants are being compensated primarily for sales of products and not primarily for recruiting additional participants. 
 The laws and regulations governing direct selling are modified from time to time, and, like other direct selling companies, we may be subject to government investigations related to our direct selling activities. This may require us to make changes to our business model and our sales compensation plan. 
 
 State Regulations 
 In addition to United States federal regulation, each state has enacted its own food and drug laws. We may receive requests to supply information regarding our sales or advertising to state regulatory agencies. We remain subject to the risk that, in one or more of our present or future markets, our products, sales, and advertising could be found non-compliant with state laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, it could have a material adverse effect on our business in a particular market or in general. In addition, these laws and regulations could affect our ability to enter new markets. 
 
 The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act 
 The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act FSMA was enacted in 2011 and is now part of the FFDCA. The FSMA is a comprehensive set of laws that gives the FDA considerable authority with respect to the prevention of food contamination and the serious problems associated with such contamination. Among other things, it does the following: 
 gives the FDA explicit authority to compel a recall if the FDA believes there is a reasonable probability of serious adverse health consequences or death; 
 places strict obligations on food and dietary supplement importers to verify that food from foreign suppliers is not adulterated or misbranded; and 
 provides whistle blower protection for employees of conventional food or dietary supplement companies who provide information to governmental authorities about violations of the FFDCA. 
 
 International Regulations 
 In addition to the regulations applicable to our activities in the United States, all other markets in which we operate our business regulate our products under a variety of statutory and regulatory schemes. We typically market our Protandim line of products in international markets as foods, health foods or dietary supplements under applicable regulatory regimes. However, because of varied regulations, some products or ingredients that are recognized as a food in certain markets may be treated as a pharmaceutical or equivalent in other markets. In the event a product, or an ingredient in a product, is classified as a drug or pharmaceutical product in any market, we will generally not be able to distribute that product through our independent consultants channel because of pre-marketing approval requirements and strict regulations applicable to drug and pharmaceutical products. In Japan, for example, ashwagandha was determined to be inappropriate for inclusion in food products. Ashwagandha is one of the ingredients in Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer . While we disagree with the assessment of ashwagandha by Japanese regulatory authorities, we are restricted from selling a formulation of Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer that contains ashwagandha in Japan. As such, we reformulated Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer for the Japan market to exclude ashwagandha and include black pepper extract . This reformulated Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer was introduced in Japan in fiscal year 2013. 
 21 

Similarly, our other markets outside the United States regulate advertising and product claims regarding the efficacy of our products and require adequate substantiation of claims. As such, we are unable to claim that any of our products will diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat or prevent diseases. For example, in Japan, Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer is considered a food product, which significantly limits our ability to make claims regarding the product. If marketing materials make claims that exceed the scope of allowed claims for dietary supplements, regulatory authorities could deem our products to be unapproved drugs and we could experience substantial harm. 
 Our business model is also subject to regulatory frameworks that may limit or significantly alter the way business is done in foreign markets vis- -vis the United States. For example, our marketing of products or business opportunity as a consultant in the United Kingdom differs significantly from marketing to United States customers and consultants. Consequently, we may experience additional costs and delays in entering or continuing to do business in foreign markets in order to comply with local regulations. 
 
 Potential FDA and Other Regulation 
 We could become subject to additional laws or regulations administered by the FDA, FTC, or other federal, state, local or international regulatory authorities, to the repeal of laws or regulations that we consider favorable, such as DSHEA, or to more stringent interpretations of current laws or regulations. Because of negative publicity associated with some adulterated or misbranded supplements, including pharmaceutical drugs marketed as dietary supplements, there has been an increased movement in the United States and other markets to expand the regulation of dietary supplements, which could impose additional restrictions or requirements in the future. In recent years, there also has been increased pressure in the United States to further regulate cosmetics. In general, the regulatory environment is becoming more complex with increasingly strict regulations. 
 The Dietary Supplement and Nonprescription Drug Consumer Protection Act requires us to report to the FDA all serious adverse events and to maintain for six years, records of all adverse events, whether or not serious. An adverse event is defined as any health-related event associated with the use of a dietary supplement that is adverse. In addition, this law requires the label of each dietary supplement, including our Protandim products, to include a domestic address or telephone number by which the company selling the product may receive a report of a serious adverse event associated with such product. The labels of our Protandim products comply with that statutory provision. 
 
 Employees 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, we had 248 and 259 full-time employees, respectively. As of June 30, 2023, 184 of our full-time employees were based in the United States, 29 were based in Japan and a total of 9 were based in the Philippines, 9 in Thailand, 8 in Taiwan, 3 in Mexico, 3 in Australia, 1 in Singapore, 1 in Europe, and 1 in Canada. We do not include our independent consultants in our number of employees because our independent consultants are independent contractors and not employees. We outsource our manufacturing, warehousing and shipping operations. 
 
 Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 
 We understand that long-term value creation for stockholders is our core responsibility. We are investing in a number of sustainability initiatives, including reducing the environmental impact of our business activities and products, improving the global human condition, providing a positive working environment and engaging with our stakeholders regarding these initiatives. 
 Employees : We believe that our employees are an essential asset. We have a dedicated team of professionals that support our customers and independent consultants, work to generate long-term value for our stockholders and contribute to the broader public through charitable programs, including LifeVantage Legacy an independent charitable organization focused on bettering the lives of children throughout the world. In turn, we offer competitive compensation and guide employees to focus on the long-term goals of our stockholders and independent consultants. We have received many best place to work awards over the years, most recently being named to the Utah Top Workplaces List by the Salt Lake Tribune. 
 Environment : We are committed to reducing our impact on the environment and creating awareness about sustainability. We strive to improve our environmental footprint over time and to initiate additional projects and activities that will further reduce our impact on the environment. Our commitment to the environment extends to our customers, our independent consultants, our employees, and the global communities in which we operate. We comply with applicable environmental regulations and strive to prevent pollution whenever possible. We are increasing our efforts to train our employees and independent consultants on our environmental program and empower them to contribute and participate. We are committed to continually improving over time by striving to measure our environmental impacts and by setting goals to reduce these impacts each year. Some examples of our efforts include: 
 22 

Using more easily recycled packaging for the launch of our new products in our TrueScience line and ensuring the new products score low on the Think Dirty scale; 
 Abiding by our environmental policy using the feedback from our stakeholders to help formalize our focus on sustainability and began using environmental auditing in our selection process for new partners; 
 Switched to more easily recyclable bottles and cartons for product packaging, including replacing plastic bags with paper cartons for our energy drink products and using a fully recyclable glass bottle and cap for the recently launched TrueScience Liquid Collagen product line; 
 Began sourcing shipping boxes made from Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) certified corrugate material; 
 Created sharable videos that our independent consultants can use with our sustainability efforts; 
 Focused on working with fish oil suppliers and fisheries who are Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) certified; and 
 Joined the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) to support sustainable sources of Palm Oil as we look for additional ways to enhance and /or create products for consumers. 
 Social/Community: We believe that our legacy is not the past, it is the future we create. This belief informed our effort to sponsor the formation of LifeVantage Legacy an independent charitable organization focused on bettering the lives of children throughout the world. LifeVantage Legacy helps the leaders of tomorrow by touching a million lives across the world today. From simply helping a child in need to supporting initiatives that uplift entire communities, our goal is simple - give future generations the support and resources they need to live happier, healthier lives one child at a time. One of the best parts of LifeVantage is our commitment to leaving places better than we find them. 
 Hosting home building trips over the holidays with our independent consultants and their families in Puerto Penasco, Mexico where we have built over 30 homes for families in need over the past several years. 
 We have partnered with local refugee foundations to provide help to repair fences, provide habitat upkeep, as well as helped procure needed items for kids and cleaning supplies for people's homes. 
 At our global convention, those who attended in person were able to aid us in packing 101,000 nutrient dense meals being sent to Thailand through a nonprofit partner. 
 At our company-sponsored incentive trips, we make sure to take time and give back to the local communities. At our Elite training event, we spent a day preparing local hygiene and school kits for an organization who helps provide medical care for children in the community and their families who cannot afford it. 
 We have a human rights policy and vendor code of conduct to formalize our auditing and commitment to align internationally with human rights philosophies in how we conduct business. We audit our key partners each year to ensure we are partnering with those who share our values. 
 We measured our employee's engagement level and requested anonymous feedback during the fiscal year and implemented changes to address the feedback. We host a monthly all hands staff meeting to ensure our employees feel informed and aligned on our priorities. This meeting encourages transparent communication, which was a focus for us this fiscal year. 
 Governance : We endeavor to continue to strengthen and improve our corporate governance and executive compensation practices. We have an equity ownership policy to reinforce our belief that executives and directors who believe in the future of our company should have meaningful equity holdings in LifeVantage. In addition, we have a majority standard for the election of directors on our board. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our principal offices are located at 3300 N. Triumph Blvd, Suite 700, Lehi, UT 84043. Our telephone number is (801) 432-9000 and our fax number is (801) 880-0699. Our website address is www.lifevantage.com; however, information found on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. Our website address is included in this annual report as an inactive textual reference only. 
 The reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), by us and by our officers, directors, and significant stockholders are available for review on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Such reports are also available free of charge through the investor relations section of our website at www.lifevantage.com and are accessible as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 23 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 Because of the following risks, as well as other risks affecting our financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods. The risks described below are those we currently believe could materially affect us. The following risks are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause our actual results of operations to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements in this report. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Company 
 An inability to properly motivate and incentivize sales from our independent consultants could harm our business. 
 Motivating our independent consultants and providing them with appropriate sales resources, including technology, tools and training, are important to the growth and success of our business. We have faced, and may continue to face, challenges in motivating and incentivizing our independent consultants. In addition, actions we take from time to time to enforce our policies and procedures, may cause discord among some of our independent consultants. The loss of key independent consultants due to various factors including, but not limited to, voluntary termination or involuntary termination or suspension resulting from non-compliance with our policies and procedures, could distract our independent consultants and disrupt our business. For example, in the past, we have experienced discord among our leading independent consultants. If we fail to properly respond to any discord among our leading independent consultants in the United States and other markets, we could lose additional leaders, including to competing direct selling companies, which could have a significant negative impact on our revenue. Further, from time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings with former independent consultants. Such legal proceedings can be a distraction to our active independent consultants and can be expensive, time-consuming and cause a disruption to our business. Our inability to properly respond to these and other distractions may have a negative impact on our business. 
 The widespread outbreak of an illness or communicable disease, or any other public health crisis, including the recent COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We could be negatively impacted by the widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis that results in economic and trade disruptions, including the disruption of global supply chains. In December 2019, an outbreak of COVID-19 began in China and in March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. The pandemic resulted in significant national and global economic disruption and there is a chance that a future public health crisis may adversely affect our business. 
 During fiscal year 2023, we continued to monitor COVID-19 and the disruptions it could have on our business. Our independent consultants have experienced, and could continue to experience, disruptions resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic. In Japan, independent consultants are still required to provide a hard-copy introductory packet (gaiyoshomen) in person to each person they approach to possibly enroll as an independent consultant before presenting our products and business opportunity. This requirement has inhibited, and could continue to inhibit, independent consultants from connecting with potential new independent consultants virtually or through social media from time. While some of the orders and restrictions that were in place during the COVID-19 pandemic have been lifted, we cannot be certain that such orders and restrictions will not be reinstated in the future. Accordingly, quarantines, avoidance of public places and general concerns about physical distancing related to COVID-19 or otherwise, if implemented, may significantly reduce the ability of our independent consultants to meet people in person and commence the enrollment process in some areas of the world. Our independent consultants have adapted their approach for customer outreach and sales, including transitioning to a stronger social media presence, in an effort to sustain their sales volume. 
 Our business may, in the future, experience additional disruptions and be negatively impacted by public health crises, including limitations on the ability of our suppliers to manufacture, or procure from manufacturers, the products we sell or any of the raw materials or components required in the production process, or to meet delivery requirements and commitments; limitations on the ability of our employees to perform their work due to illness caused by the pandemic or local, state, or federal orders requiring employees to remain at home; limitations on the ability of carriers to deliver our products to customers; limitations on the ability of our independent consultants to conduct their businesses and purchase our products; and limitations on the ability of our customers or independent consultants to continue to purchase our products due to decreased disposable income. 
 The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition. 
 24 

Cyber security risks and the failure to maintain the integrity of data belonging to our company, employees, customers, and independent consultants could expose us to data loss, litigation and liability, and our reputation could be significantly harmed. 
 We collect and retain large volumes of data relating to our business and from our customers, independent consultants and employees for business purposes, including for transactional and promotional purposes, and our various information technology systems enter, process, summarize and report such data. The integrity and protection of this data is critical to our business. We are subject to significant security and privacy regulations, as well as requirements imposed by the payment card industry. Maintaining compliance with these evolving regulations and requirements could be difficult and may increase our expenses. In addition, a penetrated or compromised data system or the intentional, inadvertent or negligent release or disclosure of data could result in theft, loss or fraudulent or unlawful use of data relating to our company or our customers, independent consultants and/or employees, which could harm our brand and reputation, disrupt our operations, or result in remedial and other costs, fines or lawsuits, all of which would substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 Further, we are subject to changes in the regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection. Our growth and expansion into a variety of new markets may potentially involve new regulatory issues and requirements. For example, many countries, such as European Union member countries as a result of the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR have introduced into local law some form of traffic and user data retention requirements. Compliance with these retention requirements can be difficult and costly from a legal, operational and technical perspective and could harm our business and operational results. We did not experience a material cyber security event in fiscal year 2023. 
 We may not be successful in expanding our operations. 
 We may not be successful in expanding our operations. Although we have been selling our products through our direct selling network since fiscal year 2009, we still may have limited insight into trends, disruptions and other factors that may emerge and affect our business. For example, primarily as a result of the impact on our business by the recent COVID-19 pandemic, our total revenue declined the prior two fiscal years. In addition, from time to time, we are compelled to terminate one or more of our independent consultants for actions contrary to their contractual obligations with us. In the past, some of these terminations have caused disruption among our independent consultants, and such terminations or resulting disruption in the future may negatively impact our revenue. Additionally, we may not be successful in keeping our leading independent consultants focused and motivated or in aligning their goals with our company goals. Although we are seeking to grow our business, if we fail to effectively manage operations in our existing markets and/or expand our operations into additional markets, we may be unable to generate consistent operating profit growth in future periods. 
 If we are able to expand our operations, we may experience difficulties in managing our future growth, which could adversely affect our business. 
 If we are able to expand our operations in the United States and in other countries where we believe our products will be successful, such expansion could place increased strain on our management, operational, financial and other resources. An inability to leverage our current resources in an efficient manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating margins, and results of operations. In addition, if we are able to expand our operations, we expect we will need additional managerial, operational, technical, sales, marketing, financial, legal, and other resources. Our management may need to divert its attention away from its day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure and loss of business opportunities, among others. 
 We may not succeed in growing our business in existing markets or opening new markets. 
 We sell our products in the United States, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Hong Kong, Canada, Thailand, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, Taiwan, Austria, Spain, Ireland, Belgium, New Zealand, Singapore, and the Philippines. We also sell our products in a number of countries to customers for personal consumption only. In fiscal year 2023, we generated approximately 30 of our revenue from our international operations, a majority of which was generated in Japan. We believe that our ability to achieve future growth is dependent in part on our ability to effectively expand into new international markets and grow our existing markets. In some international markets, we have experienced difficulties which have resulted in adverse consequences to our business, including declining revenue in some markets and occasional disruption to our business with supply chain and logistics delays in delivering product to certain markets in a timely manner. Our business and financial results may be also negatively impacted if a particular market or new business model is not widely accepted and adopted. We must overcome significant regulatory and legal barriers before we can begin marketing in any international market. Also, before marketing commences in a new country or market, it is difficult to assess the extent to which our products and sales techniques will be accepted or successful. In addition to significant regulatory barriers, we may also encounter problems conducting operations in new markets with different cultures and legal systems from those encountered elsewhere. We may be required to 
 25 

reformulate one or more of our products before commencing sales of that product in a given country. Once we have entered a market, we must adhere to the regulatory and legal requirements of that market. We may not be able to obtain and retain necessary permits and approvals in new markets, or we may have insufficient capital to finance our expansion efforts in a timely manner. 
 Our independent consultants could fail to comply with applicable legal requirements or our policies and procedures, which could result in claims against us that could harm our business. 
 Our independent consultants are independent contractors and, accordingly, we are not in a position to directly provide the same oversight, direction and motivation as we would if they were our employees. As a result, there can be no assurance that our independent consultants will comply with applicable laws or regulations or our independent consultant policies and procedures, participate in our marketing strategies or plans, or accept our introduction of new products. 
 Extensive federal, state, local and international laws regulate our business, products and direct selling activities. Because we have expanded into foreign countries, our policies and procedures for our independent consultants differ slightly in some countries due to the different legal requirements of each country in which we do business. In addition, as we have expanded internationally, some of our independent consultants have carried or shipped our products into countries in which such products are not registered or that otherwise impose stringent restrictions on our direct selling model. While we have taken steps to stop or restrict these sales from occurring, including through our independent consultant policies and procedures, it can be difficult to enforce these policies and procedures because of the large number of independent consultants and their independent status. If relevant regulatory authorities determined that any such independent consultant activities are not compliant with all regulatory requirements, we could be subject to related fines, penalties and other assessments. Activities by our independent consultants that violate applicable laws or regulations could result in government or third-party actions against us, which could harm our business. In addition, violations by our independent consultants of our policies and procedures could reflect negatively on our products and operations and harm our business reputation. Further, it is possible that a court could hold us civilly or criminally accountable based on vicarious liability because of the actions of our independent consultants. In the past, some of our independent consultants have been investigated by government agencies for conduct alleged to have violated the law and our policies. This type of investigation can have an adverse effect on us even if we are not involved in the independent consultant s activities. 
 Inability of new products and technological innovations to gain market acceptance by customers and/or independent consultants could harm our business. 
 We believe our ability to introduce new products that gain acceptance among our customers and independent consultants is an important part of our ability to grow our revenue in future periods. However, any new products we introduce may not gain market acceptance by customers and/or independent consultants to the extent we anticipate or project. Factors that could affect our ability to introduce new products include, among others, government regulations, the inability to attract and retain qualified research and development staff, the termination of third-party research and collaborative arrangements, proprietary protections of competitors that may limit our ability to offer comparable products and the difficulties in anticipating changes in consumer tastes and buying preferences. In addition, new products we introduce may not be successful or generate substantial sales revenue. The introduction of a new product could also negatively impact other product lines to the extent our independent consultant leaders focus their sales efforts on the new product instead of an existing product. If any of our products fails to gain customer and/or independent consultant acceptance, we could see an increase in product returns. 
 In addition, we believe our ability to introduce new technologies that gain acceptance among our customers and independent consultants is an important part of our ability to grow our sales revenue in future periods. However, these or other new technologies that we introduce may not gain customer and/or independent consultant acceptance to the extent we anticipate or project. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to product accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which could result in sanctions or other penalties that would harm our business. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on the internal controls over financial reporting. 
 We have implemented internal controls to help ensure the completeness and accuracy of our financial reporting and to detect and prevent fraudulent actions within our financial and accounting processes including the development and implementation of control policies and procedures regarding the international business policies, practices, monitoring and training for each country outside the U.S. in which we do business. However, we cannot be assured that significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not exist in the future. Any failure to maintain or 
 26 

implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, cause us to fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations, or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual auditor attestation reports regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. The existence of a material weakness could result in errors in our financial statements that could result in a restatement of financial statements, cause us to fail to timely meet our reporting obligations, or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could cause a decline in the market price of our stock and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities including equivalent foreign authorities. In fiscal year 2023, we did not experience any material weaknesses in our internal control and/or financial reporting processes. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to execute any product launch process due to increased pressure on our supply chain, information systems and management. 
 Although our product launch process may vary by market, we generally introduce new products to our customers and independent consultants through live events or cyber launches, limited-time offers and promotions. The limited-time offers typically generate significant activity and a high level of purchasing, which may result in a higher than normal increase in sales revenue during the quarter of the limited-time offer and skew year-over-year and sequential comparisons. We may experience difficulty effectively managing growth associated with these limited-time offers. In addition, the size and condensed schedule of these product launches increases pressure on our supply chain. If we are unable to accurately forecast sales levels in each market, obtain sufficient ingredients or produce a sufficient supply to meet demand, we may incur higher expedited shipping costs and we may temporarily run out of stock of certain products, which could negatively impact the enthusiasm of our independent consultants and their customers. Conversely, if demand does not meet our expectations for a product launch, we could incur increased inventory write-offs. Any inventory write-off would negatively impact our gross margins. In addition, our order processing systems could have difficulties handling the high volume of orders generated by limited-time offers. Although our previous limited-time offers have not materially affected our product return rate, these events may increase our product return rate in the future. 
 Our business may be harmed if we are unable to appropriately manage our inventory. 
 In the past, we have experienced difficulties in appropriately managing our inventory. For example, when we launched our TrueScience Liquid Collagen product in June 2022, we experienced higher than expected demand and did not have sufficient inventory to meet demand. Subsequently, our inventory balances increased significantly, causing us to engage in a deliberate effort to manage our inventory balances down to levels we viewed as appropriate. We review all inventory items quarterly for obsolescence, and when items become obsolete or are expired, we write down our inventory accordingly. If we are unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner, we may experience additional inventory obsolescence charges, including for finished products in inventory that have expired. If we are unable to appropriately manage our inventory balances, our business may be harmed. 
 We rely on our information technology systems to manage numerous aspects of our business, and a disruption in these systems could adversely affect our business. 
 We depend on our information technology IT ), systems to manage numerous aspects of our business, including our finance and accounting transactions, to manage our independent consultant sales compensation plan and to provide analytical information to management. Our IT systems are an essential component of our business and growth strategies, and a serious disruption to our IT systems could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently. These systems are vulnerable to, among other things, damage and interruption from power loss or natural disasters, computer system and network failures, loss of telecommunications services, physical and electronic loss of data, security breaches and computer viruses. Any disruption could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and adversely affect our business and operating results. In addition, if we experience future growth, we will need to scale or change some of our systems to accommodate the increasing number of independent consultants and their customers. 
 Inability to comply with financial covenants imposed by our credit facility and the impact of debt service obligations and restrictive covenants could impede our operations and flexibility. 
 We entered into a Financing Agreement in March 2016, which was subsequently amended in May 2018, February 2019, April 2021 and September 2022 that provides for a credit facility consisting of a revolving loan facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 5 million. The revolving loan facility has a maturity date of March 2024. A s of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there is no outstanding balance on the revolving loan facility. The principal amount of any borrowings under the credit facility is repayable in consecutive quarterly installments. We expect to generate the cash necessary to pay any future principal and interest on the credit facility from our cash flows provided by operating activities. However, our ability to meet 
 27 

our debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which may be affected by financial, business, economic, demographic and other factors. If we do not have enough money to pay our debt service obligations, we may be required to refinance all or part of our debt, sell assets, borrow more money or raise cash through the sale of equity. In such an event, we may not be able to refinance our debt, sell assets, borrow more money or raise cash through the sale of equity on terms acceptable to us or at all. Also, our ability to carry out any of these activities on favorable terms, if at all, may be further impacted by any financial or credit crisis which may limit access to the credit markets and increase the cost of capital. 
 The credit facility is secured by a lien on substantially all of our assets, and the assets of our subsidiaries, and contains customary covenants, including affirmative and negative covenants, that restrict our ability to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, declare or pay dividends on or redeem capital stock, make other payments to holders of our equity interests, make certain investments, purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all the assets or equity interests of other companies, sell our assets and enter into consolidations, mergers or transfers of all or substantially all of our assets. The credit facility requires that we maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests and meet certain informational requirements in order to draw on the revolving loan facility, if needed. Our ability to meet these financial ratios and tests and informational requirements can be affected by events beyond our control and we may be unable to meet these ratios and tests and informational requirements. A breach of any of the covenants, ratios, tests or restrictions imposed by the credit facility would result in an event of default and the lender could declare any and all amounts outstanding under the credit facility to be immediately due and payable or limit our ability to draw on the revolving loan facility. Our assets may not be sufficient to repay the indebtedness if the lenders accelerate our repayment of the indebtedness under the credit facility. We were in compliance with all credit facility covenants at the end of fiscal year 2023. 
 A substantial portion of our business is conducted in foreign markets, exposing us to the risks of trade or foreign exchange restrictions, increased tariffs, foreign currency fluctuations, disruptions or conflicts with our third-party importers and similar risks associated with foreign operations. 
 Global economic conditions continue to be challenging and unpredictable. A substantial portion of our sales are generated outside the United States. If we are successful in entering additional foreign markets, we anticipate that the percentage of our sales generated outside the United States will increase. There are substantial risks associated with foreign operations. For example, a foreign government may impose trade or foreign exchange restrictions, increased tariffs or other legal, tax, customs or other financial burdens on us or our independent consultants, due, for example, to the structure of our operations in various markets. Any such actions could negatively impact our operations and financial results. We are also exposed to risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations. For instance, in preparing our financial statements, we translate revenue and expenses in our markets outside the United States from their local currencies into U.S. Dollars using weighted average exchange rates. If the U.S. Dollar strengthens relative to local currencies, our reported revenue, gross profit and net income will likely be reduced. Foreign currency fluctuations can also result in losses and gains resulting from translation of foreign currency denominated balances on our balance sheet. Additionally, purchases from suppliers are generally made in U.S. Dollars while sales to customers and independent consultants are generally made in local currencies. Accordingly, strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus a foreign currency could have a negative impact on us. Specifically, because a significant percentage of our revenue is generated in Japan, strengthening of the U.S. Dollar versus the Japanese yen has had and, in the future, could have an adverse impact on our financial results. Although we may engage in transactions intended to reduce our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, there can be no assurance that these transactions will be effective. Given the complex global political and economic dynamics that affect exchange rate fluctuations, it is difficult to predict future fluctuations and the effect these fluctuations may have upon future reported results or our overall financial condition. 
 Additionally, we may be negatively impacted by conflicts with, or disruptions caused or faced by, third party importers, as well as conflicts between such importers and local governments or regulatory agencies. Our operations in some markets also may be adversely affected by political, economic and social instability in foreign countries. 
 We may require substantial additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and, if not available, may require us to delay, scale back, or cease our product development or growth plans. 
 Based on our current plans, we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents and our ongoing cash flow from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements for at least 12 months from the date of this report. If our available cash resources and anticipated cash flows from operations are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we may be required to raise significant additional capital to support our continued operations and the implementation of our business and growth plans. Future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including but not limited to: 
 the costs associated with acquiring products from third-party vendors; 
 the costs of the sales and marketing activities of our products; 
 the costs associated with commissions and incentives for our independent consultants; 
 28 

litigation expenses we incur to defend against claims, including claims that we infringe the intellectual property of others or judgments we must pay to satisfy such claims; 
 contractual obligations to third parties; 
 our rate of progress in developing, launching and selling our current products and any new products we pursue; 
 our ability to control our operating costs; 
 our ability to satisfy our outstanding debt obligations; and 
 the costs of responding to the other risks and uncertainties described in this report. 
 We may also be required to raise additional capital in the future to expand our business and operations to pursue strategic investments or for other reasons including but not limited to: 
 increasing our sales and marketing efforts to drive market adoption of our products; 
 scaling up our customer support capabilities; 
 funding development and marketing efforts of additional products; 
 expanding our product portfolio into additional markets; 
 acquiring products through licensing rights; 
 acquiring or investing in complementary businesses or assets; and 
 financing capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 
 We may seek required funding through issuances of equity or convertible debt securities or entering into additional loan facilities. Each of the various ways we could raise additional capital carry potential risks. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to our stockholders would result. If we raise funds by issuing additional debt securities, those debt securities would have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. Our credit facility restricts our ability to pursue certain transactions that we may believe to be in our best interest, including incurring additional indebtedness without the prior written consent of the lender under the credit facility. 
 If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, if we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances could be significantly limited and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 We primarily depend on a few products for a majority of our revenue. 
 Although we generate revenue through the sale of other products, we primarily rely on our Protandim and TrueScience product lines for a majority of our revenue, which collectively represent approximately 79.3 of our total revenue. We do not currently have a diversified portfolio of other products that we could rely on to support our operations if we were to experience any difficulty with the manufacture, marketing, sale or distribution of these product lines. As such, any adverse impact we experience with respect to these two product lines could result in an impact to our overall revenue. For example, if we are unable to sustain or increase the price or sales levels for the Protandim and TrueScience product lines, our business could be harmed. 
 If we are unable to retain our existing customers and independent consultants or attract additional customers and independent consultants, our revenue will not increase and may decline. 
 Our customers may cease purchasing our products at any time and for any reason. Our independent consultants may terminate their services at any time, and we can and have in the past terminated consultants for conduct violative of our policies and procedures. As such, like most direct selling companies, we have experienced and are likely to continue to experience turnover among both customers and independent consultants. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, a decrease in the number of our independent consultants. The departure for any reason of one of our leading independent consultants can be a major disruption to other independent consultants and could have a significant negative impact on our sales and operating results. Independent consultants who join our company to purchase our products for personal consumption or for short-term 
 29 

income goals may only stay with us for a short time. While we take steps to help train, motivate, and retain independent consultants, we cannot accurately predict the number or sales productivity of our independent consultants. 
 Our operating results will be harmed if we and our independent consultant leaders do not generate sufficient interest in our business to retain existing customers and independent consultants and attract new customers and independent consultants. The number and sales productivity of our independent consultants could be harmed by several factors, including: 
 any adverse publicity regarding us, our products, our distribution channel, or our competitors; 
 non-compliance by our independent consultants with applicable legal requirements or our policies and procedures; 
 lack of interest in existing or new products or their failure to achieve desired sales results; 
 lack of a compelling business opportunity sufficient to generate the interest and commitment of new independent consultants; 
 any changes we might make to our independent consultant sales compensation plan; 
 any negative public perception of our company or our products or their ingredients; 
 any negative public perception of our independent consultants and direct selling business in general; 
 our actions to enforce our policies and procedures; 
 any efforts to sell our products through competitive channels; 
 any regulatory actions or charges against us or others in our industry; and 
 general economic and business conditions. 
 High quality materials for our products may be difficult to obtain or expensive. 
 Raw materials account for a significant portion of our manufacturing costs and we rely on third-party suppliers to provide raw materials. Suppliers may be unable or unwilling to provide the raw materials our manufacturers need in the quantities requested, at a price we are willing to pay, or that meet our quality standards. We are also subject to potential delays in the delivery of raw materials caused by events beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic, labor disputes, transportation interruptions and changes in government regulations. Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain a reliable source of any of the raw materials used in the manufacturing of our products that meets our quality standards. Additionally, if demand for our products exceeds our forecasts, we may have difficulties in obtaining additional raw materials in time to meet the excess demand. Any significant delay in or disruption of the supply of raw materials could, among other things, substantially increase the cost of such materials, require reformulation or repackaging of products, require the qualification of new suppliers, or result in our inability to meet customer demands. 
 Although our independent consultants are independent contractors, improper actions by independent consultants that violate laws or regulations could harm our business. 
 Our independent consultants are not employees and act independent of us. However, activities by our independent consultants that allegedly violate applicable laws or regulations could result in government or third-party actions against us, which could harm our business. Our independent consultants agree to abide by our policies and procedures which are designed to ensure our independent consultants will comply with legal requirements. We have a consultant compliance department that addresses violations of our independent consultants when they become known to us. However, given the size of our independent consultant network, we experience problems with independent consultants violating our policies and procedures from time to time and are not always able to discover or remedy such violations. 
 One of our most significant areas of risk with respect to independent consultant activities relates to improper product claims and claims regarding the consultant business opportunity of being an independent consultant. Any determination by the Food and Drug Administration, Federal Trade Commission, any state agency or other similar governmental agency outside the United States that we or our independent consultants are not in compliance with applicable laws could materially harm our business. Even if governmental actions do not result in rulings or orders against us, they could create negative publicity that could detrimentally affect our efforts to recruit or motivate independent consultants and attract customers or lead to consumer lawsuits against us. When we experience growth in the number of our independent consultants, we have seen an increase in sales aids and promotional material being produced by independent consultants and/or consultant groups in some markets. This places an increased burden on us to monitor compliance of such materials and increases the risk that such materials could contain problematic product, marketing, or business opportunity claims in violation of our policies and applicable regulations. 
 30 

As we expand our operations, including internationally, our independent consultants sometimes attempt to anticipate additional new markets that we may enter in the future and begin marketing and sponsoring activities in markets where we are not qualified to conduct business. For example, some of our independent consultants have carried or shipped our products into countries in which such products are not registered or that otherwise impose stringent restrictions on our direct selling model. These or other activities by our independent consultants that violate applicable laws or regulations could subject us to legal or regulatory claims or actions, which could result in fines, penalties or negative publicity, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We are dependent upon third parties to manufacture our products. 
 We currently rely on third parties to manufacture our products. We are dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of third-party manufacturers facilities. We currently use multiple third-party manufacturers for our products. If any of our current manufacturers are unable or unwilling to fulfill our manufacturing requirements or seek to impose unfavorable terms, we will likely have to seek out other manufacturers, which could disrupt our operations and we may not be successful in finding alternative manufacturing resources. In addition, competitors who perform their own manufacturing may have an advantage over us with respect to pricing, availability of product, and in other areas through their control of the manufacturing process. 
 Disruptions to or significantly increased costs associated with transportation and other distribution channels for our products may adversely affect our margins and profitability. 
 We generally rely on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of third-party logistics companies to transport and deliver our products. These third-party logistics companies may experience disruptions to the transportation channels used to distribute our products, including disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, increased airport and shipping port congestion, a lack of transportation capacity, increased fuel expenses, and a shortage of manpower. Disruptions to the transportation channels experienced by our third-party logistics companies may result in increased costs, including the additional use of airfreight to meet demand. 
 We are subject to risks related to product recalls. 
 We have implemented measures in our manufacturing process that are designed to prevent and detect defects in our products, including contaminants. However, such measures may not prevent or reveal defects or detect contaminants in our products and such defects and contaminants may not become apparent until after our products have been sold into the market. Accordingly, there is a risk that product defects will occur, or that our products will contain foreign contaminants, and that such defects and contaminants will require a product recall. We do not maintain product recall insurance. In the past, we commenced a voluntary recall of certain lots of Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer to alleviate safety concerns related to certain batches of turmeric extract, an ingredient in Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer we purchase from third-party suppliers. Product recalls and subsequent remedial actions can be expensive to implement and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, product recalls could result in negative publicity and public concerns regarding the safety of our products, either of which could harm the reputation of our products and our business and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. 
 A past voluntary product recall strained our relationships with some of our third-party manufacturers. Additionally, following the voluntary recall we implemented more stringent measures, including several redundant measures, in our manufacturing process to detect contaminants. Third-party manufacturers may be reluctant to implement these redundant measures, may refuse to manufacture our products, and additional safety measures such as these may increase our cost of goods sold and strain our relationships with manufacturers. 
 Laws and regulations may prohibit or severely restrict direct selling and cause our revenue and profitability to decline, and regulators could adopt new regulations that negatively impact our business. 
 Various government agencies throughout the world regulate direct selling practices. The laws and regulations applicable to us and our independent consultants in Japan are particularly stringent. These laws and regulations are generally intended to prevent fraudulent or deceptive schemes, often referred to as pyramid schemes, which compensate participants primarily for recruiting additional participants without significant emphasis on the sale of product to end consumers. Government agencies, such as the FTC in the United States and similar agencies in foreign jurisdictions, periodically investigate direct selling companies based on such schemes or other claims made by a direct selling company or its independent consultants. Generally, companies that are the subject of an FTC, or similar foreign agency, enforcement action are required to pay monetary fines and/or make updates to its business model. The laws and regulations in some of our markets impose cancellations, product returns, inventory buy-backs and cooling-off rights for our independent consultants and/or customers. Excessive refunds and/or product returns pursuant to local laws and regulations, including being the target of an enforcement action or investigation by the FTC or a similar foreign agency in a foreign jurisdiction, could have a negative impact on our operating results. Complying with 
 31 

these rules and regulations can be difficult and requires the devotion of significant resources on our part. We may not be able to continue business in existing markets or commence operations in new markets if we are unable to comply with these laws or adjust to changes in these laws. 
 Unfavorable publicity could materially harm our business. 
 We are highly dependent upon consumers' perceptions of the safety, quality, and efficacy of our products, as well as competitive products distributed by other companies. In the past, we have experienced negative publicity that has harmed our business. Critics of our industry and other individuals whose interests are not aligned with our interests, have in the past and may in the future utilize the Internet, the press and other means to publish criticism of the industry, our company, our products and our competitors, or make allegations regarding our business and operations, or the business and operations of our competitors. For instance, several prominent companies in our industry have been targeted by short sellers who profit if a company's stock price decreases. One such company was targeted by a short seller who, after taking a significant short position, publicly made allegations regarding the legality of the company's direct selling model. Short sellers have an incentive to publicly criticize our industry and business model and any such criticism may adversely affect our stock price. 
 Future scientific research or publicity may not be favorable to our industry or any particular product. Because of our dependence upon consumer perceptions, adverse publicity associated with illness or other adverse effects resulting or claimed to have resulted from the consumption or use of our products or any similar products distributed by other companies could have a material adverse impact on us. Such adverse publicity could arise even if the claims are unsubstantiated or if the adverse effects associated with such products resulted from failure to consume or use such products as directed. Adverse publicity could also increase our product liability exposure, result in increased regulatory scrutiny and lead to the initiation of private lawsuits. 
 We are subject to risks related to a Global Not For Resale Program 
 We have a Global Not For Resale program, which allows customers from around the world to purchase limited amounts of our products for their individual consumption. Under this program, customers from other countries are able to set up a U.S. customer account and associated U.S. address and payment method to drop-ship their order to a third-party vendor in the U.S., who will then ship the products to the customer s global location with any customs and/or duties being the sole responsibility of the ordering customer. 
 This program may raise questions from tax regulators about the appropriate sales tax jurisdiction due to the varied and complex tax regulations in the U.S. and around the world. Further, any regulatory review of our facilitation to ship U.S. product to our existing markets, where such product has not been registered, may raise issues against the local subsidiary from the foreign jurisdiction equivalents of the FDA or FTC or the relevant trade associations, should any agency or association perceive that we or our independent consultants are advertising and/or facilitating the sale of unregistered product in their country. 
 Our direct selling program could be found to be not in compliance with current or newly adopted laws or regulations in one or more markets, which could prevent us from conducting our business in these markets and harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 Some of the legal and regulatory requirements concerning the direct selling business model are ambiguous and subject to interpretation. As a result, regulators and courts have discretion in their application of these laws and regulations, and the enforcement or interpretation of these laws and regulations by governmental agencies or courts can change. Allegations by short sellers regarding the legality of multi-level marketing companies generally have also created intense public scrutiny of our industry and could cause governmental agencies to change their enforcement and interpretation of applicable laws and regulations. The failure of our business to comply with current or newly adopted regulations or interpretations could negatively impact our business in a particular market or in general and may adversely affect our stock price. 
 Actions of activist stockholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies, cause us to incur substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Publicly traded companies have increasingly become subject to campaigns by activist investors advocating corporate actions such as financial restructurings, increased borrowings, special dividends, stock repurchases or even sales of assets or entire companies to third parties or the activists themselves. Responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist stockholders, including related litigation, can be costly and time consuming, disrupt our operations and divert the attention of our board and senior management from the pursuit of business strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of stockholder activism or changes to the composition of our board may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business, instability or lack of continuity. These uncertainties may be more acute or heightened when an activist seeks to change a majority of the board or ultimately desires to acquire the company. If individuals are elected to our board with a specific agenda, it may 
 32 

adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create additional value for our stockholders. Additionally, actions by activist stockholders may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential independent consultants and customers, make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and may create adverse uncertainty for our employees. In addition, actions of activist stockholders may cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. On August 9, 2023, we received notice from a stockholder, Bradley L. Radoff, of his intent to nominate three directors for election at the company s fiscal year 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. Our board and management team strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications with our stockholders, including Mr. Radoff, and welcome all views and ideas that have the potential to enhance value for all stockholders. Although our board has not made its recommendation with respect to the director election the fiscal year 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, it is possible that, if the company and Mr. Radoff cannot reach an agreement in connection with his nomination, a proxy contest involving Mr. Radoff may ensue with respect to the company s fiscal year 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, or that we could become engaged in a proxy contest with another activist stockholder in the future. 
 We may become involved in legal proceedings that are expensive, time consuming and, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Litigation claims can be expensive and time consuming to bring or defend against and could result in settlements or damages that could significantly affect our financial results. It is not possible to predict the final resolution of litigation to which we may become a party, and the impact of litigation proceedings on our business, results of operations and financial condition could be material. 
 From time to time, we are involved in various legal matters, both as a plaintiff and defendant. While we believe the suits against us are without merit, they are costly to defend and we cannot be assured that we will ultimately prevail. If we do not prevail and are required to pay damages, it could harm our business. 
 Our business is subject to strict government regulations. 
 The manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, sale and distribution of our products are subject to federal laws and regulations by one or more federal agencies, including, in the United States, the FDA, the FTC, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and the United States Department of Agriculture. These activities are also regulated by various state, local, and international laws and agencies of the states, localities and countries in which our products are sold. For instance, the FDA regulates, among other things, the composition, safety, labeling, and marketing of dietary supplements (including vitamins, minerals, herbs and other dietary ingredients for human use). Government regulations may prevent or delay the introduction of our products, or require us to reformulate our products or change the claims we make about them, which could result in lost revenue, increased costs and delay our expansion into new international markets. 
 The FDA may determine that a particular dietary supplement or ingredient is adulterated or misbranded or both and may determine that a particular claim or statement of nutritional support that we make to support the marketing of a dietary supplement is an impermissible drug claim, or is an unauthorized version of a health claim. The FDA, the FTC, or state attorneys general may also determine that a particular claim we make for our products is not substantiated. Determining whether a claim is improper frequently involves a degree of subjectivity by the regulatory agency or individual regulator. Any of these determinations by the FDA or other regulators could prevent us from marketing that particular dietary supplement product, or making certain claims for that product. The FDA could also require us to remove a particular product from the market. Any future recall or removal would result in additional costs to us, including lost revenue from any product that we are required to remove from the market, which could be material. Any product recalls or removals could also lead to liability, substantial costs, and reduced growth prospects. 
 In April 2017, we received a warning letter from the FDA alleging that information on our website contained impermissible drug claims relating to our Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer product. We believe the letter from the FDA contained factual inaccuracies and we responded promptly to the FDA. The FDA subsequently concluded that the issues set forth in the warning letter had been fully resolved. We believe we do not claim that any of our products prevent, diagnose, treat or cure any disease in any of our marketing materials or labeling and we proactively and consistently engage distinguished experts in FDA law and regulation to ensure our promotional materials and websites adhere to applicable requirements and restrictions. Nevertheless, in the future, we may receive similar warning letters from the FDA if it believes some violation of law has occurred either by us or by our independent consultants. Any allegations of our non-compliance may result in time-consuming and expensive defense of our activities. FDA warning letters are available to the public on the FDA s website. That information could negatively affect our relationships with our customers, investors, independent consultants, vendors, employees and consumers. Warning letters may also spark private class action litigation under state consumer protection statutes. The FDA could also order compliance activities, such as an inspection of our facilities and products, and could file a civil lawsuit in 
 33 

which an arrest warrant (seizure) could be issued as to some or all of our products. In extraordinary cases, we could be named a defendant and sued for declaratory and injunctive relief. 
 Additional or more stringent regulations of dietary supplements and other products have been considered from time to time. In recent years, there has been increased pressure in the United States and other markets to increase regulation of dietary supplements. New regulations, or new interpretations of those regulations, could impose additional restrictions, including requiring reformulation of some products to meet new standards, recalls or discontinuance of some products not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased documentation of the properties of some products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, additional adverse event reporting, or other new requirements. Any of these developments could increase our costs significantly. 
 In the United States, for example, some legislators and industry critics continue to push for increased regulatory authority by the FDA over dietary supplements and the FTC over dietary supplements and the direct selling industry. The FDA may strengthen the regulation of dietary supplements by modernizing its oversight of dietary supplements and the FTC may strengthen the regulation of business opportunity claims and direct selling companies, among other things. The FTC has in recent years investigated and taken enforcement action against direct selling companies for misleading representations relating to the earnings potential of an independent consultant within a company s compensation plan, as well as appropriateness of the compensation plans themselves. Our business could be harmed if more restrictive legislation or regulation is successfully introduced and adopted in the future. In the United States, the FTC s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising (the Guides ), require disclosure of material connections between an endorser and the company they are endorsing and generally do not allow marketing using atypical results. Our independent consultants have historically used testimonials to market and sell our products. Producing marketing materials that conform to the requirements and restrictions of the Guides may diminish the impact of our marketing efforts and negatively impact our sales results. If we or our independent consultants fail to comply with these Guides, the FTC could bring an enforcement action against us and we could be forced to alter our marketing materials and/or refund or disgorge funds. Our operations also could be harmed if new laws or regulations are enacted that restrict our ability to market or distribute dietary supplements or impose additional burdens or requirements on dietary supplement companies or require us to reformulate our products. 
 In addition, the Dietary Supplement and Nonprescription Drug Consumer Protection Act imposes significant regulatory requirements on dietary supplement manufacturers, packers and consultants including the reporting of serious adverse events to the FDA and record keeping requirements. Complying with this legislation could raise our costs and negatively impact our business. We and our suppliers are also required to comply with FDA regulations with respect to current Good Manufacturing Practices in manufacturing, packaging, or holding dietary ingredients and dietary supplements. These regulations require dietary supplements to be prepared, packaged, and held in compliance with procedures that we and our third-party subcontractors must develop and make available for inspection by the FDA. These regulations could raise our costs and negatively impact our business. Additionally, our third-party suppliers or vendors may not be able to comply with these rules without incurring substantial expenses. If our third-party suppliers or vendors are not able to comply with these rules, we may experience increased cost or delays in obtaining certain raw materials and third-party products. 
 In 2022, the FDA published an updated draft guidance which is intended, among other things, to help manufacturers and consultants of dietary supplement products determine when they are required to file with the FDA a New Dietary Ingredient NDI ), notification with respect to a dietary supplement product. In this draft guidance, the FDA highlighted the necessity for marketers of dietary supplements to submit NDI notifications as an important preventive control to ensure that consumers are not exposed to potential unnecessary public health risks in the form of new ingredients with unknown safety profiles. Although we do not believe that any of our products contain an NDI, if the FDA were to conclude that we should have filed an NDI notification for any of our products, then we could be subject to enforcement actions by the FDA. Such enforcement actions could include product seizures and injunctive relief being granted against us, any of which would harm our business. 
 In May 2016, the FDA released a final rule updating the Nutrition Facts label for packaged foods and the Supplement Facts label for dietary supplements, with the objective to help consumers make better informed decisions. While the original compliance deadline for manufacturers of food and dietary supplements to use the new label was July 26, 2018, the FDA subsequently extended the compliance deadline to January 1, 2020, and later announced it would exercise enforcement discretion (i.e., not enforce the new label requirements) until January 1, 2021. Further, in December 2018, the U.S. Department of Agriculture promulgated regulations requiring that, by January 1, 2022, the labels of certain bio engineered foods, including dietary supplements, must include a disclosure that the food is bio engineered. Implementation of the new label requirements may result in additional costs to our business. 
 Our Cannabidiol CBD products are subject to varying, rapidly changing federal, state and local laws, regulations, and rules, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 34 

We launched new hemp-derived CBD personal care products during fiscal year 2021. The CBD industry is evolving and subject to varying, and rapidly changing, laws, regulations and administrative practices. For example, the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 (the 2018 Farm Bill formally defined hemp as the Cannabis sativa plant and its derivatives, extracts and cannabinoids with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol THC concentration of not more than 0.3 , and removed hemp from the federal definition of marijuana, making it no longer a Schedule I illegal drug under the Controlled Substances Act. The 2018 Farm Bill thus opened a pathway for the production and marketing of hemp and hemp derivatives, subject to compliance with certain federal requirements and state and local law. Our CBD products are derived from hemp as defined in the 2018 Farm Bill. Continued development of CBD-related industries is dependent upon continued legalization of CBD-related products at the federal and state levels, and a number of factors could slow or halt progress in this area. 
 In addition, the manufacture, labeling, and distribution of our CBD products are regulated by various federal, state and local agencies. These governmental authorities or litigators, such as class action lawyers or attorneys general, may commence regulatory or legal proceedings, which could restrict the permissible scope of our product claims or our ability to sell products in the future. Violations of applicable laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in material adverse effects on our operations and financial condition. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, and it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to develop, sell, and expand our CBD-infused products. Further, in the event of either repeal of federal, state or local laws and regulations, or amendments thereto that are adverse to our intended products, we may be restricted or limited with respect to those products that we may sell or distribute, which could adversely impact our intended business plan with respect to such products. 
 Regulations governing the production and marketing of our products could harm our business. 
 We are subject to various domestic and foreign laws and regulations that regulate the production and marketing of our products. If, for example, a determination that our dietary supplement products are used to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or illness, including due to improper marketing claims by our independent consultants, it may lead to a determination that the LifeVantage supplements require pre-market approval as a drug. Such regulations in any given market can limit our ability to import products and can delay product launches as we go through the registration and approval process for those products. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with these regulations, we could face enforcement action against us and we could be fined, forced to alter or stop selling our products and/or be required to adjust our operations. Our operations also could be harmed if new laws or regulations are enacted that restrict our ability to market or distribute our products or impose additional burdens or requirements on the contents of our products or require us to reformulate our products. 
 We are subject to the risk of investigatory and enforcement action. 
 We are subject to the risk of investigatory and enforcement action by various government agencies, both domestic and international. For instance, the FTC and state attorneys general may open an investigation or bring an enforcement action against us based on our advertising claims and marketing practices. The FTC routinely reviews product advertising, including websites, to identify significant questionable advertising claims and practices. The FTC has brought many actions against dietary supplement companies, including some actions that were brought jointly with state attorneys general, based upon allegations that applicable advertising claims or practices were deceptive or not substantiated. If the FTC initiates an investigation, the FTC can initiate pre-complaint discovery that may be nonpublic in nature. In addition, we are subject to the risk of investigatory and enforcement action by other agencies including, but not limited to, the FDA, including warning letters and other sanctions, enforcement actions by the SEC and by other international regulatory agencies. Any investigation may be very expensive to defend and may result in an adverse ruling or in a consent decree. 
 Government authorities may question our tax positions or transfer pricing policies or change their laws in a manner that could increase our effective tax rate or otherwise harm our business. 
 As a U.S. company doing business in international markets through subsidiaries, we are subject to various tax and intercompany pricing laws, including those relating to the flow of funds between our company and our subsidiaries. From time to time, we are audited by tax regulators in the United States and in our foreign markets. If regulators challenge our tax positions, corporate structure, transfer pricing mechanisms or intercompany transfers, we may be subject to fines and payment of back taxes, our effective tax rate may increase and our operations may be harmed. Tax rates vary from country to country, and, if tax authorities determine that our profits in one jurisdiction may need to be increased, we may not be able to fully utilize all foreign tax credits that are generated, which will increase our effective tax rate. The various customs, exchange control and transfer pricing laws are continually changing and are subject to the interpretation of government agencies. We may experience increased efforts by customs authorities in foreign countries to reclassify our products or otherwise increase the level of duties we pay on our products. Despite our efforts to be aware of and comply with such laws, and changes to and interpretations thereof, there is a risk that we may not continue to operate in compliance with such laws. We may need to adjust our operating procedures in response to such changes and, as a result, our business may suffer. In addition, due to the international nature of 
 35 

our business, from time to time, we are subject to reviews and audits by taxing authorities of other jurisdictions in which we conduct business throughout the world. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by international regulatory and business risks. 
 As a result of our operations, offering products or contracting with independent contractors and other service providers in various other countries, we are increasingly subject to varied and complex foreign and international laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations often involves significant costs and may require changes in our business practices that may result in reduced revenues and adversely affect our operating results. 
 We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), which prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making payments in violation of law to non-U.S. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. Our reliance on independent consultants to market our products internationally demands a high degree of vigilance in maintaining our policy against participation in corrupt activity, because these independent consultants may be deemed to be our agents and we could be held responsible for their actions. We are also subject to similar anti-bribery laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United Kingdom s Bribery Act of 2010, which also prohibits commercial bribery and makes it a crime for companies to fail to prevent bribery. These laws are complex and far-reaching in nature. Any violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction, involve significant costs and expenses, including legal fees, and we could be subject to severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, and other remedial measures, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. Any allegations that we are not in compliance with anti-corruption laws may require us to dedicate time and resources to an internal investigation of the allegations or may result in a government investigation. Any determination that our operations or activities are not in compliance with existing anti-corruption laws or regulations could result in the imposition of substantial fines, and other penalties. Although we have implemented anti-corruption policies and controls to protect against violation of these laws, we cannot be certain that these efforts will be effective. Operating internationally requires significant management attention and financial resources. We cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required to increase international revenues or expand our international presence will produce desired levels of revenues or profitability. 
 The loss of or inability to attract key personnel could negatively impact our business. 
 Our future performance will depend, in part, upon our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our executive and senior management team and scientific staff. Our success depends to a significant extent both upon the continued services of our current executive and senior management team and scientific staff, as well as our ability to attract, hire, motivate, and retain additional qualified management and scientific staff in the future. Specifically, competition for executive and senior staff in the direct selling and dietary supplement markets is intense, and our operations could be adversely affected if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel. Additionally, former members of our executive and senior management team have in the past, and could in the future join or form companies that compete against us in the direct selling industry. 
 All of our employees are at will employees, which means any employee may quit at any time and we may terminate any employee at any time. We do not carry key person insurance covering members of senior management or our employees. 
 We may be held responsible for certain taxes or assessments and other obligations relating to the activities of our independent consultants, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our independent consultants are subject to taxation, and in some instances, legislation or governmental agencies impose an obligation on us to collect or withhold taxes, such as value added taxes or income taxes, and to maintain appropriate records. In the event that local laws and regulations or the interpretation of local laws and regulations change to require us to treat our independent consultants as employees, or that our independent consultants are deemed by local regulatory authorities in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate to be our employees rather than independent contractors under existing laws and interpretations, or our independent consultants are deemed to be conducting business in countries outside of the country in which they are authorized to do business, we may be held responsible for social security, income, and other related taxes in those jurisdictions, plus any related assessments and penalties, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. If our independent consultants were deemed to be employees rather than independent contractors, we may be obligated to pay certain employee benefits, such as workers compensation and unemployment insurance. Further, if our independent consultants are misclassified as employees, we would also face the threat of increased vicarious liability for their actions. 
 The dietary supplement market is highly competitive. 
 Our flagship product line, Protandim , competes in the dietary supplements market, which is large, highly competitive and fragmented. Participants include specialty retailers, supermarkets, drugstores, mass merchants, multi-level marketing organizations, on-line merchants, mail-order companies, and a variety of other smaller participants. Many of our competitors 
 36 

have greater financial and other resources available to them and possess better manufacturing, independent distribution and marketing capabilities than we do. We believe some of these competitors with greater resources may develop and release products that will compete directly with the Protandim product line and will be marketed as NRF1 and Nrf2 activators. One or more of these products could significantly reduce the demand for the Protandim product line and have a material adverse effect on our revenue. We believe that the market is also highly sensitive to the introduction of new products, including various prescription drugs, which may rapidly capture a significant share of the market. Moreover, because of regulatory restrictions concerning claims about the efficacy of dietary supplements, we may have difficulty differentiating our products from our competitors products and competing products entering the dietary supplements market could harm our revenue. In the United States and Japan, we also compete for sales with heavily advertised national brands manufactured by large pharmaceutical and food companies, as well as other retailers. In addition, as some products become more mainstream, we experience increased competition for those products as more participants enter the market. Our international competitors include large international pharmacy chains, major international supermarket chains, and other large U.S.-based companies with international operations. We may not be able to compete effectively and our attempt to do so may result in increased pricing pressure, which may result in lower margins and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brand. 
 The loss of our intellectual property rights in our products could permit our competitors to manufacture their own version of our products. We have attempted to protect our intellectual property rights in our products through a combination of patents, patent applications, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality agreements, non-compete agreements and other contractual protection mechanisms, and we will continue to do so. While we intend to defend against any threats to our intellectual property, our patents or various contractual protections may not adequately protect our intellectual property. In addition, we could be required to expend significant resources to defend our rights to proprietary information and may not be successful in such defense. 
 Moreover, our intellectual property rights are more limited outside of the United States than they are in the United States. As such, we may not be successful in preventing third parties from copying or misappropriating our intellectual property. There also can be no assurance that pending patent applications owned by us will result in patents being issued to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that such patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to protect our products or to provide us with any competitive advantage. Third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to negotiate to obtain licenses to conduct our business, and any required licenses may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. We also rely on confidentiality and non-compete agreements with certain employees, independent consultants, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. 
 Third parties might claim that we infringe on their intellectual property rights. 
 Although the dietary supplement industry has historically been characterized by products with naturally occurring ingredients, recently it is becoming more common for suppliers and competitors to apply for patents or develop proprietary technologies and processes. Third parties may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us despite our efforts to avoid such infringement. Such claims could prevent us from offering competitive products or result in litigation or threatened litigation. 
 Our business is susceptible to product liability claims. 
 The manufacture and sale of any product for human consumption raises the risk of product liability claims. These claims may derive from the product itself or a contaminant found in the product from the manufacturing, packaging, sales process or even due to tampering by unauthorized third parties. Our products consist of vitamins, minerals, herbs, and other ingredients that are classified as foods or dietary supplements and are not subject to pre-market regulatory approval in the United States. Our products could contain contaminated substances, and some of our products contain ingredients that do not have long histories of human consumption. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of these ingredients could occur. In addition, third-party manufacturers produce all of the products we sell. As a distributor of products manufactured by third parties, we may also be liable for various product liability claims for these products despite not manufacturing them. We may be subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that our products include inadequate instructions for use or inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects and interactions with other substances. Any product liability claim against us could result in increased costs and could adversely affect our reputation with our customers, which in turn could adversely affect our revenue and operating income. Although we maintain insurance coverage, there is a risk that our insurance will not cover our potential exposure completely or would fail to cover a particular claim, in 
 37 

which case we may not have the financial resources to satisfy such claim. In addition, certain types of damages, such as punitive damages, are not covered by our insurance policy. 
 Economic, political, and other risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our revenue and international growth prospects. 
 As part of our business strategy, we intend to continue to expand and grow our international presence. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks inherent to operating in foreign countries, and any expansion or growth of our international operations will increase the effects of these risks. These risks include, among others: 
 political and economic instability of foreign markets; 
 foreign governments restrictive trade policies; 
 lack of well-established or reliable legal systems in certain areas in which we operate; 
 inconsistent product regulation or sudden policy changes by foreign agencies or governments; 
 the imposition of, or increase in, duties, taxes, government royalties, or non-tariff trade barriers; 
 difficulty in collecting international accounts receivable and potentially longer payment cycles; 
 the possibility that a foreign government may limit our ability to repatriate cash; 
 increased costs in maintaining international marketing efforts; 
 problems entering international markets with different cultural bases and consumer preferences; and 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our international operations and our growth strategy. 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions, including high inflation, and other macroeconomic conditions or trends may have an adverse impact on our business, financial results and prospects. 
 While the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic has lessened significantly, the pandemic has had a significant negative impact on the macroeconomic environment, such as decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income, inflation, rising interest rates, and supply chain issues. Ongoing geopolitical matters have also contributed to difficult macroeconomic conditions and exacerbated supply chain issues, resulting in significant economic uncertainty as well as volatility in the financial markets, particularly in the United States. Such conditions may adversely impact our business, financial results, and prospects. We rely on consumer discretionary spending. If general economic conditions continue to deteriorate globally or in specific markets where we operate, including with respect to inflation, consumer discretionary spending may decline and demand for our products may be reduced. A decrease in consumer discretionary spending would cause sales in our products to decline and adversely impact our business. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through increases in revenue as increases in core inflation rates may also affect consumers willingness to make discretionary purchases on our products. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition, such macroeconomic conditions could impact our ability to access the public markets as and when appropriate or necessary to carry out our operations or our strategic goals. We cannot predict the ongoing extent, duration or severity of these conditions, nor the extent to which we may be impacted. 
 To the extent that there is a resurgence in the COVID-19 pandemic, or other health epidemics or outbreaks, our operations could be disrupted and our business adversely impacted. Such disruptions or impacts may be similar to those we faced during the COVID-19 pandemic, such as mandated business closures in impacted areas, limitations due to stay at home orders or sickness of employees or their families, reduced demand for certain of our products, or supply constraints. 
 We may be adversely affected by changes to our independent consultant compensation plans. 
 We modify our compensation plans from time to time to keep them competitive and attractive to existing and potential independent consultants, to address changing market dynamics, to provide incentives to our independent consultants that we believe will help grow our business, to conform to local regulations and to address other business-related considerations. In fiscal year 2023, we launched our new compensation plan for our independent consultants in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan markets, with plans to roll out the new compensation plan to other markets where we sell and distribute our products. It is difficult to predict how such changes will be viewed by our independent consultants and whether such changes 
 38 

will achieve their desired results. Such changes could result in unintended or unforeseen negative economic and non-economic consequences to our business, such as higher than anticipated costs or difficulty in attracting and retaining independent consultants, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if regulatory agencies such as the FTC or judicial cases lead to new industry standards or rules, our business could be impacted, and we may need to amend our compensation plan. If we are required to make changes, or if the FTC seeks to enforce similar measures in the industry, either through rulemaking or an enforcement action against our company, our business could be harmed. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 If we are unable to maintain compliance with Nasdaq requirements for continued listing, our common stock could be delisted from trading. 
 If our common stock was delisted from the Nasdaq Stock Market for failure to maintain compliance with its listing requirements, then there can be no assurance whether or when it would be listed again for trading on the Nasdaq or any other exchange. In addition, if our common stock were to be delisted, the market price of our shares will likely decline and become more volatile, and our stockholders may find that their ability to trade in our stock will be adversely affected. Furthermore, institutions whose charters do not allow them to hold securities in unlisted companies might sell our shares, which could have a further adverse effect on the price of our stock. 
 Our stock price may experience future volatility. 
 The trading price of our common stock has historically been subject to wide fluctuations. The price of our common stock may fluctuate in the future in response to quarter-to-quarter variations in operating results, material announcements by us or competitors, governmental regulatory action, conditions in the dietary supplement industry, or other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control, and some of which do not have a strong correlation to our operating performance. We cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of our common stock, or the availability of our common stock for future sales, on the value of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by any one or more of our stockholders, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Substantial sales of shares of our common stock in the public market may impact the market price of our common stock. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to decline. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. These sales also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we consider appropriate. 
 We have registered and intend to continue to register all shares of common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans. Once we register these shares, they can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. We cannot predict what effect, if any, sales of our shares in the public market or the availability of shares for sale will have on the market price of our common stock. However, future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including shares issued upon exercise of our outstanding warrant or options, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Significant additional capital may be required in the future to continue our planned operations. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale and issuance of shares or other securities convertible into shares, our stockholders will be diluted. 
 We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be utilized to the full value approved or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Repurchases we consummate could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and could have a negative impact on our available cash balance. 
 Our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we may repurchase up to 60 million of our common stock on or before December 31, 2026. The manner, timing and amount of any share repurchases may fluctuate and will be determined by us based on a variety of factors, including the market price of our common stock, our priorities for the use of cash to support our business operations and plans, general business and market conditions, tax laws, and alternative investment opportunities. The share repurchase program authorization does not obligate us to acquire any specific number or dollar value of shares. Further, our share repurchases could have an impact on our share trading prices, increase the volatility of the price of our common stock, or reduce our available cash balance such that we will be required to seek financing to support our operations. Our share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading prices of our common stock. Even if our share repurchase program is fully implemented, it may not enhance long-term stockholder value. Additionally, repurchases are subject to the 1 Share Repurchase Excise Tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act, which may be offset by shares newly issued during that fiscal year (the Share Repurchase Excise 
 39 

Tax ). We have and will continue to take the Share Repurchase Excise Tax into account with respect to our decisions to repurchase shares. 
 We are a smaller reporting company and may take advantage of certain scaled disclosures available to us. We cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, we are permitted to comply with scaled disclosure obligations in our SEC filings as compared to other issuers who are not smaller reporting companies, including with respect to disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We have elected to adopt the accommodations available to smaller reporting companies. Until we cease to be a smaller reporting company, the scaled disclosure in our SEC filings will result in less information about our company being available than for public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. 
 We will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million as measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely certain scaled disclosures that are available to smaller reporting companies. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 Additional shares that may be issued upon the exercise of currently outstanding options or upon future vesting of performance restricted stock units, would dilute the voting power of our currently outstanding common stock and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had 12.6 million shares of common stock outstanding. As of June 30, 2023, we also had stock options outstanding for an aggregate of 0.1 million shares of common stock. Additionally, the future vesting of time-based and performance restricted stock units will further increase our outstanding shares of common stock. The issuance of these shares will dilute the voting power of our currently outstanding common stock and could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror; 
 the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 40 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our entire board of directors, the chairman of our board of directors or our chief executive officer, or by stockholders holding at least 10 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at such special meeting, which could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 
 advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a certain period of time. A Delaware corporation may opt out of this provision by express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or by amendment to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws approved by its stockholders. However, we have not opted out of this provision. 
 These and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirors to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by our then-current board of directors, including delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. The existence of these provisions could negatively affect the price of our common stock and limit opportunities for you to realize value in a corporate transaction. 
 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 Corporate Offices 
 On November 14, 2019, we entered into a lease agreement with Traverse Ridge Center III LLC, a Utah limited liability company, for our new corporate headquarters located at 3300 N. Triumph Blvd., Suite 700, Lehi, Utah 84043. The lease is for approximately 51,674 square feet with a right of first refusal to lease certain additional space in the building when such space becomes available. The term of the lease began on January 1, 2021 and will continue for a period of eleven years. 
 Our subsidiary, LifeVantage Japan K.K., leases approximately 10,400 square feet of office space in Tokyo, Japan. The lease for the Tokyo, Japan property expires in July 2023. In July 2023, LifeVantage Japan K.K. entered into a lease agreement with Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, for a new office located in the Shinagawa Grand Central Tower in Tokyo, Japan. The lease is for approximately 5,200 square feet and has a lease term from July 1, 2023 through June 30, 2026. 
 We believe that the facilities under our leases are sufficient to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. 
 Warehouse Facilities 
 Since fiscal year 2010, Maersk E-Commerce Logistics (formerly Visible Supply Chain Management and IntegraCore, LLC) has provided fulfillment services to us, including services relating to procurement, warehousing, ordering, processing and shipping. We have also entered into arrangements to receive similar services in each of our international markets. 
 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the company's legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 41 

Market Information and Holders 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol "LFVN". 
 Our common stock is issued in registered form and the following information is taken from the records of our current transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, Inc. As of June 30, 2023, we ha d 90 stockholders of record and 12.6 million shares of common stock outstanding. This does not include an unknown number of persons who hold shares in street name through brokers and dealers and who are not listed on our stockholder records. 
 
 Dividends 
 We paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.03 per share of common stock to stockholders of record in September 2022, December 2022 and March 2023 and per share of common stock in June 2023, which represent an aggregate amount of million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 . For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of 0.4 million, or 0.03 per share of common stock in June 2022. 
 The 2016 Credit Facility, as amended, contains customary covenants that among other things, restrict the company s ability to pay dividends absent consent from its lender. We received consent from our lender to declare and pay dividends up to 500,000 per quarter, through September 30, 2023. 
 The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, restrictions imposed by any indebtedness that may be outstanding, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. We currently expect that a comparable cash dividend will be paid each quarter for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 On November 27, 2017, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program. Under this program, we are authorized to repurchase up to 15.0 million of the outstanding shares through November 27, 2020. On August 27, 2020, our board of directors approved an amendment to the stock repurchase program to increase the authorized share repurchase amount from 15 million to 35 million and to extend the duration of the program through November 30, 2023. Further, on February 17, 2022, our board of directors approved an amendment to the stock repurchase program to increase the authorized share repurchase amount from 35 million to 60 million . On June 13, 2023, our board of directors approved an amendment to the stock repurchase program to extend the duration of the program through December 31, 2026. The stock repurchase program permits us to purchase shares from time to time through a variety of methods, including in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or other means as determined by our management, in accordance with applicable securities laws. As part of the repurchase program, we may enter into a pre-arranged stock repurchase plan which operates in accordance with guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Accordingly, any transactions under such stock repurchase program would be completed in accordance with the terms of the program, including specified price, volume and timing conditions. T he stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, we repurchased 0.2 million shares of our common stock under the stock repurchase plan. 
 The following table provides information with respect to all purchases made by the company during the three months ended June 30, 2023. All purchases listed below were made at prevailing market prices. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of the Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 April 1 - April 30 27,674,586 May 1 - May 31 27,674,586 June 1 - June 30 172,701 4.76 172,701 26,852,072 Total 172,701 172,701 
 (1) On November 27, 2017, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program. Under this program, we are authorized to repurchase up to 15.0 million of the outstanding shares through November 27, 2020. On August 27, 2020, our board of directors approved an amendment to the stock repurchase program to increase the authorized share repurchase amount from 15 million to 35 million and to extend the duration of the program through November 30, 2023. Further, on February 17, 2022, our board of directors approved an amendment to the stock repurchase program to increase the authorized share repurchase amount from 35 million to 60 million . On June 13, 2023, our board of directors approved an amendment to the stock repurchase program to extend the duration of the program through December 31, 2026. 
 42 

Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 This information is incorporated by reference to Part III, Item 12 of this report. 
 
 ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a company focused on nutrigenomics, the study of how nutrition and naturally occurring compounds affect human genes to support good health. We are dedicated to helping people achieve their health, wellness and financial goals. We provide quality, scientifically-validated products to customers an d independent consultants as well as a financially rewarding commission-based direct sales opportunity to our independent consultants. We engage in the identification, research, development, formulation and sale of advanced nutrigenomic activators, dietary supplements, nootropics, pre- and pro-biotics, weight management, skin and hair care, bath body, and targeted relief products. We currently sell our products to customers and independent consultants in two geographic regions that we have classified as the Americas region and the Asia/Pacific Europe region. 
 The success and growth of our business is primarily based on the effectiveness of our independent consultants to attract and retain customers in order to sell our products and our ability to attract and retain independent consultants. When we are successful in attracting and retaining independent consultants and customers, it is largely because of: 
 Our products, including our flagship Protandim family of scientifically-validated dietary supplements, LifeVantage Omega+, ProBio, IC Bright , and Daily Wellness dietary supplements, our line of Nrf2 enhanced TrueScience skin, hair, bath body, and targeted relief products, Petandim , our companion pet supplement formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs, Axio , our nootropic energy drink mixes, and PhysIQ, our smart weight management system; 
 Our sales compensation plan and other sales initiatives and incentives; and 
 Our delivery of superior customer service. 
 As a result, it is vital to our success that we leverage our product development resources to develop and introduce compelling and innovative products and provide opportunities for our independent consultants to sell these products in a variety of markets. We sell our products in the United States, Mexico, Japan, Australia, Hong Kong, Canada, Thailand, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, Taiwan, Austria, Spain, Ireland, Belgium, New Zealand, Singapore, and the Philippines. In addition, we sell our products in a number of countries to customers for personal consumption only. Entering a new market requires a considerable amount of time, resources and continued support. If we are unable to properly support an existing or new market, our revenue growth may be negatively impacted. 
 
 COVID-19 Influence on Business Operations and Work Environment 
 In fiscal year 2023, we maintained both virtual and in person business operations in hybrid form, which started in 2020 as a result of COVID-19 pandemic. During fiscal year 2023, we have continued to provide successful virtual events and trainings for our independent consultants and have been successful in conducting day to day business operations both in person, and over virtual platforms. In fiscal year 2023, we continued the hybrid model with our employees working from home a few days a week and in the office a few days a week. We believe that this has worked well for employee productivity. We remain focused on being digital first and committed to increasing our investments in digital technologies and tools for independent consultants and employees to function effectively in the current hybrid working environment. 
 
 Our Products 
 Our products are the Protandim line of scientifically-validated dietary supplements, LifeVantage Omega+ , ProBio, IC Bright , Rise AM, Reset PM, D3+ and Daily Wellness dietary supplements, TrueScience , our line of skin, bath body, target relief, and hair care products, Petandim , our companion pet supplement formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs, AXIO , our nootropic energy drink mixes, and PhysIQ our smart weight management system. The Protandim product line includes 
 43 

Protandim NRF1 Synergizer , Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer , and Protandim NAD Synergizer . The Protandim NRF1 Synergizer is formulated to increase cellular energy and performance by boosting mitochondria production to improve cellular repair and slow cellular aging. The Protandim Nrf2 Synergizer contains a proprietary blend of ingredients and has been shown to combat oxidative stress and enhance energy production by increasing the body s natural antioxidant protection at the genetic level, inducing the production of naturally-occurring protective antioxidant enzymes, including superoxide dismutase, catalase, and glutathione synthase. The Protandim NAD Synergizer was specifically formulated to target cell signaling pathways involved in the synthesis and recycling of a specific molecule called NAD (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide), and it has been shown to double sirtuin activity, supporting increased health, focus, energy, mental clarity and mood. Use of the three Protandim products together, marketed as the Protandim Tri-Synergizer, has been shown to produce synergistic benefits greater than using the single products on their own. LifeVantage Omega+ is a dietary supplement that combines DHA and EPA Omega-3 fatty acids, omega-7 fatty acids, and vitamin D3 to support cognitive health, cardiovascular health, skin health, and the immune system. LifeVantage ProBio is a dietary supplement designed to support optimal digestion and immune system function. LifeVantage Daily Wellness is a dietary supplement designed to support immune health. IC Bright is a supplement to help support eye and brain health, reduce eye fatigue and strain, supports cognitive functions and may help support normal sleep patterns. Our TrueScience line of anti-aging skin and hair care, and CBD Nrf2 enhanced, bath body, targeted relief products includes TrueScience Facial Cleanser, TrueScience Perfecting Lotion, TrueScience Eye Serum, TrueScience Anti-Aging Cream, , TrueScience Hand Cream, TrueScience Invigorating Shampoo, TrueScience Nourishing Conditioner, TrueScience Scalp Serum, TrueScience Body Lotion, TrueScience Body Wash, TrueScience Body Butter, TrueScience Deodorant, TrueScience Soothing Balm, TrueScience Body Rub, and TrueScience Liquid Collagen. TrueScience Liquid Collagen activates, replenishes, and maintains collagen to support firmness and elasticity from within. Petandim is a supplement specially formulated to combat oxidative stress in dogs through Nrf2 activation. AXIO is our line of our nootropic energy drink mixes formulated to promote alertness and support mental performance. PhysIQ is our smart weight management system, which includes PhysIQ Fat Burn, and PhysIQ Prebiotic, all formulated to aid in weight management. We believe our significant number of customers who regularly and repeatedly purchase our products is a strong indicator of the health benefits of our products. The following table shows revenues by major product line for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Protandim product line 
 119,720 56.1 135,616 65.7 TrueScience product line 
 49,494 23.2 22,877 11.1 Other 44,184 20.7 47,867 23.2 Total 213,398 100.0 206,360 100.0 
 Our revenue is largely attributed to two product lines, Protandim and TrueScience each of which accounted for more than 10 of total revenue for each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. On a combined basis, these product lines represent approximately 79.3 and 76.8 of our total net revenue for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 We currently have additional products in development. Any delays or difficulties in introducing compelling products or attractive initiatives or tools into our markets may have a negative impact on our revenue and our ability to attract new independent consultants and customers. 
 
 Accounts 
 Because we primarily utilize a direct selling model for the distribution of a majority of our products, the success and growth of our business depends in large part on the effectiveness of our independent consultants to attract and retain customers to purchase our products, and our ability to attract new and retain existing independent consultants. Changes in our product sales are typically the result of variations in product sales volume relating to fluctuations in the number of active independent consultants and customers purchasing our products. The number of active independent consultants and customers is, therefore, used by management as a key non-financial measure. 
 The following tables summarize the changes in our active accounts by geographic region. These numbers have been rounded to the nearest thousand as of the dates indicated. For purposes of this report, we define "Active Accounts" as only those independent consultants and customers who have purchased from us at any time during the most recent three-month period, either for personal use or for resale. 
 44 

As of June 30, 2023 2022 Change from Prior Year Percent Change Active Independent Consultants Americas 33,000 61.1 37,000 58.7 (4,000) (10.8) Asia/Pacific Europe 21,000 38.9 26,000 41.3 (5,000) (19.2) Total Active Independent Consultants 54,000 100.0 63,000 100.0 (9,000) (14.3) Active Customers Americas 69,000 77.5 69,000 74.2 Asia/Pacific Europe 20,000 22.5 24,000 25.8 (4,000) (16.7) Total Active Customers 89,000 100.0 93,000 100.0 (4,000) (4.3) Active Accounts Americas 102,000 71.3 106,000 67.9 (4,000) (3.8) Asia/Pacific Europe 41,000 28.7 50,000 32.1 (9,000) (18.0) Total Active Accounts 143,000 100.0 156,000 100.0 (13,000) (8.3) 
 
 Income Statement Presentation 
 We report revenue in two geographic regions and we translate revenue from each market's local currency into U.S. Dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. Revenue consists primarily of product sales, fee revenue, and shipping and handling fees, net of applicable sales discounts. Revenue is recognized at the time of shipment, which is when the passage of title and risk of loss to customers occurs. Also reflected in revenue is a provision for product returns and allowances, which is estimated based on our historical experience. The following table sets forth net revenue information by region for the years indicated. The following table should be reviewed in connection with the tables presented under "Results of Operations" (in thousands): 
 For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Americas 155,361 72.8 138,323 67.0 Asia/Pacific Europe 58,037 27.2 68,037 33.0 Total 213,398 100.0 206,360 100.0 
 Cost of sales primarily consists of costs of products purchased from and manufactured by third-party vendors, shipping and order fulfillment costs, costs of adjustments to inventory carrying value, and costs of marketing materials which we sell to our independent consultant sales force, as well as freight, duties and taxes associated with the import and export of our products. As our international revenue increases as a percentage of total revenue, cost of sales as a percentage of revenue likely will increase as a result of additional duties, freight, and other factors, such as changes in currency exchange rates. 
 Commissions and incentives expenses are our most significant expenses and are classified as operating expenses. Commissions and incentives expenses include sales commissions paid to our independent consultants, special incentives and costs for incentive trips and other rewards. Commissions and incentives expenses do not include any amounts we pay to our independent consultants related to their personal purchases. Commissions paid to independent consultants on personal purchases are considered a sales discount and are reported as a reduction to net revenue. Our sales compensation plan is an important factor in our ability to attract and retain our independent consultants. Under our sales compensation plan, independent consultants can earn commissions for product sales to their customers as well as the product sales made through the sales networks they have developed and trained. We do not pay commissions on marketing materials that are sold to our independent consultants. Commissions and incentives expenses, as a percentage of net revenue, may be impacted by the timing and magnitude of non-commissionable revenue derived from the sales of marketing materials, event tickets, and promotional items, investment in our red carpet program, limited-time offers and the timing, magnitude and number of incentive trips and other promotional activities. From time to time, we make modifications and enhancements to our sales compensation plan in an effort to help motivate our sales force and develop leadership characteristics, which can have an impact on commissions and incentives expenses. In fiscal year 2023, we introduced a new compensation plan called the Evolve Compensation Plan in four markets the United States, Japan, Australia and New Zea land. 
 45 

Selling, general and administrative expenses include wages and benefits, stock compensation expenses, marketing and event costs, professional fees, rents and utilities, depreciation and amortization, research and development, travel costs and other operating expenses. Wages and benefits and stock compensation expenses represent the largest component of selling, general and administrative expenses. Marketing and event costs include costs of consultant conventions and events held in various markets worldwide, which we expense in the period in which they are incurred. Marketing and event costs also include expenses associated with our sponsorship of the Major League Soccer team, Real Salt Lake. Once our agreement with Real Salt Lake ends, our marketing and event costs will materially decrease. 
 Sales to customers outside the United States are transacted in the respective local currencies and are translated to U.S. Dollars at weighted-average currency exchange rates for each monthly accounting period to which they relate. Consequently, our net sales and earnings are affected by changes in currency exchange rates. In general, sales and gross profit are affected positively by a weakening U.S. Dollar and negatively by a strengthening U.S. Dollar. Currency fluctuations, however, have the opposite effect on our commissions paid to independent consultants and selling, and general and administrative expenses. In our revenue discussions that follow, we approximate the impact of currency fluctuations on revenue by translating current year revenue at the average exchange rates in effect during the comparable prior year periods. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we generated net revenue of 213.4 million and 206.4 million, respectively, recognized operating income of 4.3 million and 7.6 million, respectively, and recognized net income of 2.5 million and 3.1 million, respectively. 
 The following table presents certain consolidated earnings data as a percentage of net revenue for the years indicated (1) : 
 For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Revenue, net 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 20.3 18.5 Gross profit 79.7 81.5 Operating expenses: Commissions and incentives 44.4 47.1 Selling, general and administrative 33.3 30.7 Total operating expenses 77.7 77.8 Operating income 2.0 3.7 Other expense: Interest income (expense) 0.1 Other expense, net (0.2) (0.3) Impairment of investment (1.1) Total other expense (0.1) (1.4) Income before income taxes 1.9 2.3 Income tax expense (0.7) (0.8) Net income 1.2 1.5 (1) Certain percentages may not add due to rounding. 
 Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Net Revenue . We generated net revenue of 213.4 million and 206.4 million during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The overall increase in revenue is attributed mainly to increases in our average revenue per account driven by the launch of our TrueScience Liquid Collagen product during our Activate 2022 event held in June 2022 in the United States and during our Evolve 2023 event held in March 2023 in Japan, Australia, and New Zealand. Total TrueScience Liquid Collagen related revenue, including the product when sold as part of a bundle, was 39.8 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. We also increased product and shipping prices during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 . Offsetting the increase in our TrueScience Liquid Collagen product was a decrease of 15.9 million in sales from our Protandim products as well as decreases in other product lines of approximately 9.5 million, and the negative impacts of foreign currency fluctuations compared to fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Our total active accounts also reduced by 8.3 during fiscal year 2023 . 
 46 

Revenue in the United States increased on a year over year basis partially offset by decreases of 27.3 in our Australia and New Zealand market, and 37.6 in our Greater China market. Foreign currency fluctuations negatively impacted our net revenue 7.4 million or 3.6 . 
 Americas . The following table sets forth revenue for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 for the Americas region (in thousands): 
 For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 2022 change United States 148,522 130,932 13.4 Other 6,839 7,391 (7.5) Americas Total 155,361 138,323 12.3 
 Revenue in the Americas region for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 increased 17.0 million, or 12.3 , compared to the prior year. Total active accounts decreased 3.8 in the region compared to the prior fiscal year which offset increases in revenue. The launch of our TrueScience Liquid Collagen product in June 2022 provided a full year of revenue during fiscal 2023. In the United States, revenue from TrueScience Liquid Collagen was 36.2 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. As a result of this launch and continued efforts from our independent consultants and employees, we hope to see continued revenue growth in the Americas region in the upcoming fiscal year. 
 Asia/Pacific Europe . The following table sets forth revenue for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 for the Asia/Pacific Europe region and its principal markets (in thousands): 
 For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 2022 change Japan 32,083 36,810 (12.8) Australia New Zealand 8,922 12,280 (27.3) Greater China 3,526 5,655 (37.6) Other 13,506 13,292 1.6 Asia/Pacific Europe Total 58,037 68,037 (14.7) 
 Revenue in the Asia/Pacific and Europe region for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 decreased 10.0 million, or 14.7 , compared to the prior year. Revenue in the region was negatively impacted approximately 7.3 million, or 10.9 , by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Revenue in our Japan market decreased 12.8 year over year on a U.S. Dollar basis and increased 2.1 on a constant currency basis. Contributing to the increase in revenue on a constant currency basis was revenue related to the launch of TrueScience Liquid Collagen in March 2023. Total revenue related to this product was 2.3 million for the fiscal year. ended June 30, 2023. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Japanese yen, on average, weakened against the U.S. Dollar, negatively impacting our revenue in this market by 5.5 million or 14.8 . 
 Revenue in our Australia and New Zealand market s decreased 3.4 million, or 27.3 , during fiscal year 2023. We saw revenues decline in these markets during the first three quarters of fiscal 2023 as a result of decreases in our active accounts, which was partially offset by revenue from the launch of TrueScience Liquid Collagen in March 2023. With the launch of TrueScience Liquid Collagen in these markets, we are seeing renewed synergies between our Australia and New Zealand independent consultant organizations and customer bases, increasing our ability to attract experienced direct selling leaders, which we believe will drive future growth within that region. 
 Revenue in our Greater China region decreased by 37.6 year over year as we experienced revenue declines in our Taiwan market due primarily to a 45.9 decline in active accounts. Also contributing to the decline in revenue was the closure of our e-commerce business in China on March 15, 2023. 
 Revenue in our other markets were driven by increases in revenue from the Philippines. Revenue from our Philippines market was 5.9 million during fiscal year 2023 compared to 4.1 million during fiscal year 2022. This market launched in November 2021 and we are encouraged by the engagement by our consultants and customers in that market. Increases from the Philippines were offset by decreases in Europe and Thailand of approximately 1.2 million and 0.4 million, respectively. 
 47 

Globally, our sales and marketing efforts continue to be directed toward strengthening our core business through our fiscal year initiatives and building our worldwide sales. TrueScience Liquid Collagen was launched in the US during June 2022 and we continued our successful launch of this product to Japan, Australia, and New Zealand in March 2023. We will continue the refinement and expansion of our product offerings internationally during fiscal year 2024 and beyond. We expect this expansion will continue to drive revenue growth globally through increased average order size and increased ability to attract and retain new independent consultants and customers with a compelling product lineup. 
 In January 2023, we announced the adoption our Evolve Compensation Plan for our independent consultants, which became effective March 1, 2023, in our United States, Australia, New Zealand and Japan markets. This new compensation plan is designed to reward our independent consultants based on attracting and retaining other independent consultants and customers. 
 In March 2023, we launched Rewards Circle, our first-ever customer loyalty program, in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan. The program rewards customer loyalty through subscription purchases. Rewards Circle is focused on supporting customer retention for independent consultants, supporting their efforts to grow and maintain their LifeVantage business. 
 During fiscal year 2024, our main focus will be to increase our average account base through concentrating our efforts on the enrollment of new independent consultants and customers, who will in turn help grow the business through incremental product sales, and on increasing the number of accounts that place an order in the month following their initial enrollment. This will be achieved through the rollout of our Evolve Compensation Plan and Rewards Circle loyalty program to other markets. We will continue investing in our red carpet program, which we believe has increased our ability to attract and retain strong consultant leadership and is a significant opportunity to drive revenue growth throughout our markets. We remain committed to further expanding the functionality and availability of our mobile application, which we believe will aid independent consultants in initiating and expanding their businesses. 
 Cost of Sales . Cost of sales were 43.4 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, and 38.1 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, resulting in a gross margin of 170.0 million, or 79.7 , and 168.3 million, or 81.5 , respectively. The in crease in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue is primarily due shift in product mix, increased raw material and manufacturing related costs, shipping to customer expenses, and warehouse fulfillment expenses during the current fiscal year. 
 Commissions and Incentives . Commissions and incentives expenses for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 were 94.7 million or 44.4 o f revenue compared to 97.3 million or 47.1 of revenue for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease of 2.5 million in fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in incentive trip expenses of 1.9 million along with decreases in commission expenses as a result of the change to our Evolve Compensation Plan in March 2023 in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan markets. The decrease in commissions and incentives as a percentage of revenue is also due to an increase in non-commissionable sales during fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022. 
 Commissions and incentives expenses, as a percentage of revenue, may fluctu ate in future periods based on ability to hold incentive trips and events and the timing and magnitude of compensation, incentive and promotional programs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative . Selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 were 71.1 million or 33.3 of revenue compared to 63.4 million or 30.7 of revenue for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue during fiscal year 2023 primarily was due t o increases in employee salaries and related compensation of 2.9 million, events and travel expenses of 1.3 million, and stock compensation expense of 1.4 million. 
 Primary factors that may cause our selling, general and administrative expenses to fluctuate in the future include changes in the number of employees, the timing and number of events we hold, the termination of material agreements like our agreement with Real Salt Lake, marketing and branding initiatives and costs related to legal matters, if and as they arise. A fluctuation in our stock price may also impact our stock-based compensation expense recorded for equity awards made in future years. 
 Interest Income. Interest income, net, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was 0.2 million as compared to interest expense, net, of 10,000 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we transferred cash into money market accounts to capitalize on higher interest rates within the market. 
 Other Expense, Net . We recognized other expense, net, for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 of 0.5 million as compared to 0.7 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations recognized during fiscal year 2023 . 
 Impairment of Investment . We recognized an impairment of 2.2 million on our investment in Gig Economy Group ("GEG") during fiscal year 2022 as we determined our investment in GEG had declined significantly as a result of the business 
 48 

failing to achieve profitability due to weak market conditions for its products. There was no change in this valuation during fiscal year 2023 . 
 Income Tax Expense . Our income tax expense for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was 1.5 million as compared to income tax expense of 1.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 
 The effective tax rate was 36.5 of pre-tax income for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 33.5 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in the effectiv e tax rate for fiscal year 2023 compared to the prior year is mainly due to the impact of permanent items in relation to pre-tax income. 
 Our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 consisted prim arily of federal, state, and foreign tax on anticipated fiscal year 2023 income which was partially offset by tax benefits. We expect our effective rate to fluctuate in future periods based on the impact of permanent items in relation to pre-tax income. 
 Net Income . As a result of the foregoing factors, net income for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 decreased to 2.5 million compared to 3.1 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
 For a discussion of our results of operations for the fiscal year 2022 compared with fiscal year 2021, refer to Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on August 23, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Our primary liquidity and capital resource requirements are to service our debt, which includes any outstanding balances under the 2016 Credit Facility, and finance the cost of our planned operating expenses and working capital (principally inventory purchases), as well as capital expenditures. We have generally relied on cash flow from operations to fund operating activities and we have, at times, incurred long-term debt in order to fund stock repurchases and strategic transactions. 
 At June 30, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents were 21.6 million. This represented an increase of 1.4 million from the 20.2 million in cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2022. 
 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, our net cash provided by operating activities was 6.8 million as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 8.0 million during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease i n cash provided by operating activities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 primarily was due to decreases in net income, accounts payable, lease liabilities, and income tax payable. 
 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, our net cash used in investing activities was 3.1 million, as a result of the purchase of fixed assets, primarily from investing in changes to our Evolve Compensation Plan and Rewards Circle loyalty program through software, website, and mobile application development. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, our net cash used in investing activities was 1.5 million, as a result of the purchase of fixed assets. 
 Cash used in financing activities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was 2.4 million, as a result of the payment of quarterly cash dividends, the repurchase of company stock, and shares purchased as payment of tax withholding upon vesting of employee equity awards, partially offset by proceeds from purchases of company stock under our employee stock purchase plan. Cash used in financing activities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 was 9.0 million, as a result of the repurchase of company stock, a payment of a cash dividend, and shares purchased as payment of tax withholding upon vesting of employee equity awards, partially offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and proceeds from purchases of company stock under our employee stock purchase plan. 
 At June 30, 2023 and 2022, the total amount of our foreign subsidiary cash was 6.2 million and 7.0 million, respectively. Under current U.S. tax law, in the future, if needed, we expect to be able to repatriate cash from foreign subsidiaries without paying additional U.S. taxes. 
 At June 30, 2023, we had working capital (current assets minus current liabilities) of 24.7 million compared to working capital of 21.2 million at June 30, 2022. The in crease in working capital primarily was due to increases in cash, decreases in accounts payable, commissions payable and lease liabilities, offset slightly by decreases in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents balances and our ongoing cash flow from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. The majority of our historical expenses have been variable in nature and as such, a potential reduction in the level of revenue would reduce our cash flow. In the event that our current cash balances and future cash flow from operations are not sufficient to meet our obligations or strategic needs, we would consider 
 49 

raising additional funds, which may not be available on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Our credit facility, however, contains covenants that restrict our ability to raise additional funds in the debt markets and repurchase our equity securities without prior approval from the lender. Additionally, our credit facility provides for a revolving loan facility in an aggregate principal amount up to 5.0 million. We would also consider realigning our strategic plans including a reduction in capital spending and expenses. 
 Capital Resources 
 Shelf Registration Statement 
 On March 24, 2020, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the Prior Shelf Registration with the SEC that was declared effective April 3, 2020, which permitted us to offer up to 75 million of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in one or more offerings and in any combination, including in units from time to time. The Prior Shelf Registration expired on April 3, 2023. 
 On March 31, 2023, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the 2023 Shelf Registration with the SEC that was declared effective on April 6, 2023, which permits us to offer up to 75 million of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in one or more offerings and in any combination, including in units from time to time. Our 2023 Shelf Registration is intended to provide us with additional flexibility to access capital markets for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other purposes, working capital, capital expenditures, other corporate expenses and acquisitions of assets, licenses, products, technologies or businesses. 
 2016 Credit Facility 
 On March 30, 2016, we entered into a loan agreement (the "2016 Loan Agreement") to refinance our outstanding debt. In connection with the 2016 Loan Agreement and on the same date, we entered into a security agreement (the "Security Agreement"). The 2016 Loan Agreement provides for a term loan in an aggregate principal amount of 10.0 million (the "2016 Term Loan") and a revolving loan facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 2.0 million (the "2016 Revolving Loan," and collectively with the 2016 Term Loan, the 2016 Loan Agreement and the Security Agreement, the "2016 Credit Facility"). During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, we repaid, in full, the balance of the 2016 Term Loan. 
 On May 4, 2018 and February 1, 2019, we entered into loan modification agreements Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2 , respectively). These loan modification agreements amended certain financial covenants and the available borrowing amount under the 2016 Revolving Loan. 
 On April 1, 2021, we entered into a loan modification agreement ("Amendment No. 3"), which amended the 2016 Credit Facility, as previously amended. Amendment No. 3, with an available borrowing amount of 5.0 million, revised the maturity date from March 31, 2021 to March 31, 2024 and modified the variable interest rate based on the one-month United States Treasury Rate, plus a margin of 3.00 , with an interest rate floor of 4.00 . Amendment No. 3 also revised the debt (total liabilities) to tangible net worth ratio (as defined in Amendment No. 3) covenant to require that the company maintain this ratio not in excess of 2.00 to 1.00, measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter, and revised the definition and calculation of the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in Amendment No. 3). There were no other changes to the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.10 to 1.00 or the minimum working capital of 6.0 million as set forth in previous amendments. 
 We entered into a loan modification agreement ("Amendment No. 4"), effective September 30, 2022, which amended the 2016 Credit Facility, as previously amended. Amendment No. 4 revised the calculation of the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in Amendment No. 4) and allows us to declare and pay dividends, up to 500,000 per quarter, through September 30, 2023. There were no other changes to the covenants or revolving loan facility as set forth in Amendment No. 3. 
 The 2016 Credit Facility, as amended, contains customary covenants, including affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to create certain types of liens, incur additional indebtedness, declare or pay dividends on or redeem capital stock without prior approval, make other payments to holders of our equity interests, make certain investments, purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all the assets or equity interests of other companies, sell assets or enter into consolidations, mergers or transfers of all or any substantial part of our assets. 
 The 2016 Credit Facility, as amended, contains cross-default provisions, whereby a default under the terms of certain indebtedness or an uncured default of a payment or other material obligation of ours under a material contract of ours will cause a default on the remaining indebtedness under the 2016 Credit Facility, as amended. Our obligations under the 2016 Credit Facility, as amended, are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2016 Credit Facility, as amended. As of June 30, 2023, the effective interest rate is 8.20 . If we borrow under the 2016 Revolving Loan, interest will be payable 
 50 

quarterly in arrears on the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of June 30, 2023, there was no balance outstanding on this credit facility. 
 Commitments and Obligations 
 Please refer to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report for information regarding our contingent liabilities. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. As such, we are required to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that we believe are reasonable based upon the information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. Certain of these significant accounting policies require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments or estimates. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if (1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made and (2) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 There are other items within our financial statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical as defined above. Changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements. Management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosures noted below. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 We reduce our inventories for the diminution of value resulting from product obsolescence, damage or other issues affecting marketability equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated net realizable value. Factors utilized in the determination of estimated net realizable value include (i) current sales data and historical return rates, (ii) estimates of future demand, (iii) competitive pricing pressures, (iv) new production introductions, (v) product expiration dates, and (vi) component and packaging obsolescence. If inventory on hand exceeds projected demand or the expected market value is less than the carrying value, the excess is written down to its net realizable value. If actual demand or the estimate of market value decreases, additional write-downs would be required. 
 During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we recognized expenses of 1.2 million and 1.5 million, respectively, related to obsolete and slow-moving inventory. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We use the fair value approach to account for stock-based compensation in accordance with current accounting guidance. We recognize compensation costs for awards with performance conditions when we conclude it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved. We reassess the probability of vesting at each balance sheet date and adjust compensation costs based on our probability assessment. For awards with market-based performance conditions, the cost of the awards is recognized as the requisite service is rendered by the employees, regardless of when, if ever, the market-based performance conditions are satisfied. 
 Historically, our estimates and underlying assumptions have not materially deviated from our actual reported results and rates. However, we base assumptions we use on our best estimates, which involves inherent uncertainties based on market conditions that are outside of our control. If actual results are not consistent with the assumptions we use, the stock-based compensation expense reported in our consolidated financial statements may not be representative of the actual economic cost of stock-based compensation. For example, if actual employee forfeitures significantly differ from our estimated forfeitures, we may be required to adjust our consolidated financial statements in future periods. 
 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes includes income from U.S. and foreign subsidiaries taxed at statutory rates, the accrual or release of amounts for tax uncertainties, and U.S. tax impacts of foreign income in the U.S. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities on the financial statements and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets also are recognized for net operating losses and credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured 
 51 

using the enacted rates applicable to taxable income in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse and the credits are expected to be used. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. An assessment is made as to whether or not a valuation allowance is required to offset deferred tax assets. This assessment requires estimates as to future operating results, as well as an evaluation of the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. These estimates are made on an ongoing basis based upon our business plans and growth strategies in each market and consequently, future material changes in the valuation allowance are possible. The valuation allowance reduces the deferred tax assets to an amount that management determined is more-likely-than-not to be realized. 
 We operate in and file income tax returns in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions with complex tax laws and regulations, which are subject to examination by tax authorities. The complexity of our global structure requires specialized knowledge and judgment in determining the application of tax laws in various jurisdictions. Years open to examination contain matters that could be subject to differing interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations related to the amount and/or timing of income, deductions, and tax credits. We account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 740, Income Taxes. This guidance prescribes a minimum probability threshold that a tax position must meet before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The minimum threshold is defined as a tax position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
 Interest and penalties related to tax contingency or settlement items are recorded as a component of the provision for income taxes in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. We record accruals for tax contingencies as a component of accrued liabilities or other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 Refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this report for discussion regarding the impact of accounting standards that were recently issued but not yet effective, on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The information required by this Item 8 is set forth in the consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this report and is incorporated into this Item 8 by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and (b) accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of June 30, 2023, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness and design and operation of such disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were designed and operating effectively as of June 30, 2023. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of our consolidated and combined financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 52 

Our management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, we used the framework included in Internal Control - Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 (COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that internal control over financing reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, cannot provide absolute assurance that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 
 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 Certain information required by Part III of this report is omitted from this report pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K because we will file a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A for our fiscal year 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the Proxy Statement not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report, and the information included in the Proxy Statement that is required by Part III of this report is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the information to be set forth in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the information to be set forth in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the information to be set forth in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the information to be set forth in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the information to be set forth in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 PART IV 
 53 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following documents are being filed as part of this report: 
 Financial Statements 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. The following consolidated financial statements of LifeVantage Corporation and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, or because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto, and therefore have been omitted. 
 
 Exhibits 
 (a)(3) The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Exhibit No. Document Description Filed Herewith or Incorporated by Reference From 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2018. 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2019. 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2018. 4.2 Description of Capital Stock 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-K filed on August 23, 2022. 10.1# LifeVantage Sales Compensation Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K filed on August 23, 2022. 10.1.1# Evolve Compensation Plan (United States) 
 Filed herewith. 10.1.2# Evolve Compensation Plan (Australia) 
 Filed herewith. 10.1.3# Evolve Compensation Plan (New Zealand) 
 Filed herewith. 10.1.4# Evolve Compensation Plan (Japan) in US/English Format 
 Filed herewith. 10.2# Amended and Restated LifeVantage Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Filed herewith. 10.3# Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement for the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 27, 2017. 10.4# Form of Stock Unit Agreement for the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 27, 2017. 10.5# LifeVantage Corporation 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2018. 10.6 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 Exhibit to 99.1 to Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2018. 10.7# CEO Offer Letter between LifeVantage and Steven R. Fife dated January 31, 2021 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2021 filed on April 29, 2021. 10.8# Form of Key Executive Benefits A greement 
 Filed herewith. 10.9 Loan Agreement, dated March 30, 2016, by and between Z.B., N.A., LifeVantage and Lifeline Nutraceuticals Corporation 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2016. 
 54 

Exhibit No. Document Description Filed Herewith or Incorporated by Reference From 10.10 Security Agreement, dated March 30, 2016, by and between Z.B., N.A., LifeVantage and Lifeline Nutraceuticals Corporation 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2016. 10.11 Amended No.1 to Loan Agreement, dated May 4, 2018, by and between Z.B., N.A., LifeVantage Corporation and Lifeline Nutraceuticals Corporation 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018 filed on May 9, 2018. 10.12 Second Loan Modification Agreement dated February 1, 2019 by and between Zions Bank and L ifeVantage 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2019. 10.13 Change in Terms Agreement dated April 1, 2021 by and between Zions Bank and L ifeVantage 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2021 filed on April 29, 2021. 10.14 Change in Terms Agreement dated September 30, 2022 by and between the LifeVantage and Zions Bank 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022 filed on November 2, 2022. 10.15 Lease Agreement between Traverse Ridge Center III and LifeVantage dated November 14, 2019 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2019 on January 28, 2020. 10.16 Commercial Supply Agreement dated January 31, 2014 between LifeVantage and Deseret Laboratories, Inc. 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2014 filed on May 6, 2014. 10.17 Service Agreement entered into as of June 1, 2014 between IntegraCore, LLC and LifeVantage 
 Exhibit 10.29 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014 filed on September 10, 2014. 10.18 Commercial Supply Agreement entered into as of May 30, 2014 between LifeVantage and Wasatch Product Development 
 Exhibit 10.30 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014 filed on September 10, 2014. 16.1 Letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission from WSRP, LLC, dated February 16, 2023 
 Exhibit 16.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023. 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 Exhibit 21.1 to Form 10-K filed on August 23, 2022. 23.1 Consent of D eloitte Touch e , LLP 
 Filed herewith. 23.2 Consent of W SRP, LLC 
 Filed herewith. 24.1 Power of Attorney Signature page to this report. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished herewith. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 55 

Exhibit No. Document Description Filed Herewith or Incorporated by Reference From 101 The following financial information from the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income; (iii) Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan. The company has been granted confidential treatment for portions of this agreement. Accordingly, certain portions of this agreement have been omitted in the version filed with this report and such confidential portions have been filed with the SEC. 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION By: /s/ Steven R. Fife Steven R. Fife President and Chief Executive Officer Date: August 28, 2023 By: /s/ Carl A. Aure Carl A. Aure Chief Financial Officer Date: August 28, 2023 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Steven R. Fife with full power of substitution and re-substitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 56 

Signature Date Title /s/ Steven R. Fife August 28, 2023 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Steven R. Fife /s/ Garry Mauro August 28, 2023 Chairman of the Board Garry Mauro /s/ Michael A. Beindorff August 28, 2023 Director Michael A. Beindorff /s/ Erin Brockovich August 28, 2023 Director Erin Brockovich /s/ Raymond B. Greer August 28, 2023 Director Raymond B. Greer /s/ Cynthia Latham August 28, 2023 Director Cynthia Latham /s/ Darwin K. Lewis August 28, 2023 Director Darwin K. Lewis 
 
 57 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte Touche , LLP , Salt Lake City, UT, Auditor Firm ID: 
 59 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (WSRP, LLC, Salt Lake City, UT, Auditor Firm ID: 374 
 61 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 67 
 
 58 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of LifeVantage Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of LifeVantage Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for the year ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Income Taxes Refer to Notes 2 and 12 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company operates and is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions with complex tax laws and regulations which resulted in income tax expense of 1.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, and 7.9 million in gross deferred tax assets, 4.2M in gross deferred tax liabilities and a valuation allowance of 0.7 million as of June 30, 2023. The complexity of the Company s global structure requires specialized knowledge, skills, and judgment in determining the application of tax laws in various jurisdictions. 
 We identified the accounting for income taxes as a critical audit matter because of the complexity of the Company s global structure and the application of tax laws in the U.S. and Japan jurisdictions. This required an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our income tax specialists to evaluate the Company s income tax expense, especially the interpretation and application of tax laws in the U.S. and Japan and the income tax impact of the global structure. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the calculation of income tax expense, including the interpretation and application of tax laws in the U.S. and Japan and evaluation of the Company s application of such tax law on its global structure included the following: 
 59 

Obtained an understanding of the Company s overall legal entity structure by reading and evaluating the Company s organizational charts and associated documentation, including legal documents. 
 Evaluated the Company s domestic income tax expense calculation, including: (1) testing the appropriateness of income tax rates applied by agreeing to applicable Federal and state tax laws, (2) testing the accuracy of income allocations and apportionment among the Federal and state taxing jurisdictions based on the Company s structure, (3) testing, on a sample basis, the completeness and accuracy of book to tax differences, and (4) testing the mathematical accuracy of the income tax expense calculation. 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated management s application of relevant tax laws to its legal entity structure and the effect on the Company s income tax expense, including the Company s calculations of current period income tax expense and deductions associated with foreign operations, by examining and evaluating management s income tax calculations and assessing the Company s compliance with tax laws. 
 With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated management s consideration of tax requirements in the U.S. and Japan tax jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 
 
 /s/ 

August 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2023. 

60 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 of LifeVantage Corporation 
 Lehi, Utah 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of LifeVantage Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ WSRP, LLC 
 
 We served as the Company's auditor from 2016 to 2023. 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 August 28, 2023 

61 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 June 30, 2023 2022 (In thousands, except per share data) ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Income tax receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Deferred income tax asset Other long-term assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Commissions payable Income tax payable Lease liabilities Other accrued expenses Total current liabilities Long-term lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 14 Stockholders equity Preferred stock par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock par value per share, shares authorized and and issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 2022 (In thousands, except per share data) Revenue, net Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Commissions and incentives Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Operating income Other expense: Interest income (expense) ) Other expense, net ) ) Impairment of investment ) Total other expense, net ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: ) ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Amount (In thousands) Balances, June 30, 2021 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of options Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Common stock issued under equity award plans Shares canceled or surrendered as payment of tax withholding and other ) ) ) Repurchase of company stock ) ) ) Cash dividends ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net income Balances, June 30, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Common stock issued under equity award plans Shares canceled or surrendered as payment of tax withholding and other ) ) ) Repurchase of company stock ) ) ) Cash dividends ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net income Balances, June 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 2022 (In thousands) Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Non-cash operating lease expense Impairment of investment Loss on disposal of fixed assets Deferred income tax ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Income tax receivable ) Inventory ) Prepaid expenses and other ) Other long-term assets ) Accounts payable ) Income tax payable ) ) Other accrued expenses ) Lease liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchase of equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Repurchase of company stock ) ) Payment of cash dividends ) ) Shares purchased as payment of tax withholding and other ) ) Proceeds from common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Exercise of options and warrants Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) Foreign Currency Effect on Cash ) Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents beginning of period Cash and Cash Equivalents end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 2022 (In thousands) SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 
 . 
 
 Note 2 

67 

Bad debt expense for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was million . There was bad debt expense recorded for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Inventory 
 Raw materials Total inventory 
 , which includes a reduction in inventory values of million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to obsolete and slow-moving inventory. 
 Additions Write-offs ) ) Ending balance 
 68 

- 
 Furniture and fixtures Vehicles 
 Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of estimated useful life of the related asset or the lease term. 
 The cost of normal maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. When an asset is sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and associated accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income in other expense, net. Significant expenditures that increase the useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated over the estimated useful life of the asset. Property and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. 
 Annual impairment tests on intangible assets were completed for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, resulting in impairment charges. 
 
 For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, management has concluded that there are no indications of impairment. 
 
 At June 30, 2023, the Company had million in cash accounts at one financial institution and million i n other financial institutions. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and during the years then ended, the Company s cash balances exceeded federally insured limits. 
 69 

Research and development expenses for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were million and million, respectively. 
 t have any finance leases. 
 Operating lease ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company uses its estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any upfront lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. The Company s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Leases with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees. 
 70 

For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the effects of approximately million and million common shares, respectively, issuable upon exercise of options and non-vested shares of restricted stock, are not included in the computations as their effect was anti-dilutive. 
 Denominator: Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Stock awards and options Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Net income per share, basic Net income per share, diluted 
 
 geographic regions: the Americas region and the Asia/Pacific Europe region. See disaggregated revenue in Note 3. 
 Japan 
 71 

Note 3 
 million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The contract liabilities impact to revenue for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was a decrease of million and an increase of million, respectively. 
 Sales Returns and Allowances 
 Estimated returns are recorded when product is shipped. Subject to some exceptions based on local regulations, the Company s return policy is to provide a full refund for product returned within days. After 30 days of purchase, only unopened product that is in a resalable and restockable condition may be returned within twelve months of purchase and shall receive a 100 refund, less a handling and restocking fee and any shipping and handling costs. The Company establishes a refund liability reserve, and an asset reserve for its right to recover products, based on historical experience. The returns asset reserve and returns liability reserve are evaluated on a quarterly basis. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company s return liability reserve, net was million and million, respectively. 
 
 72 

Additions Returns ) ) Ending balance 
 Geographic Information 
 The Company reports revenue in geographic regions: the Americas region and the Asia/Pacific Europe region. geographic regions (in thousands): 
 Asia/Pacific Europe Total revenue 
 Additional information as to the Company s revenue from operations in the most significant geographical areas is set forth below (in thousands): 
 Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 United States Japan 
 Major Products 
 The Company's revenue is largely attributed to product lines, Protandim and TrueScience each of which accounted for more than 10 of total revenue for each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. On a combined basis, the Protandim and TrueScience product lines represent approximately and of the Company's total revenue for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 TrueScience product line 
 Other Total 
 
 Note 4 
 
 73 

Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Vehicles Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense totaled million and million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Note 5 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Total finite-lived intangible assets, net Trademarks and other indefinite-lived intangible assets Total intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense totaled million and million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of June 30, 2023, the remaining weighted-average amortization period for finite-lived intangible assets was years. Annual estimated amortization expense is expected to approximate million for each of the two succeeding fiscal years. 
 
 Note 6 
 million in a series of loan installments, evidenced by a convertible promissory note having a maturity date of May 31, 2019 ("Convertible Note"). The Convertible Note accrued interest at a rate of per annum, compounded annually. On May 17, 2019, the Company and GEG entered into an amendment agreement to extend the maturity date of the Convertible Note to December 31, 2019. In all other aspects, the Convertible Note remained unchanged from the original agreement. Pursuant to a Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and GEG dated December 16, 2019, GEG issued to the Company shares of GEG s common stock, par value per share, in consideration for conversion and cancellation of all principal, interest and other amounts due under the Convertible Note (representing million in aggregate consideration). 
 Equity Securities under ASC 321 
 At December 31, 2019, the Company held a minority interest (less than 20 in GEG, accounted for under ASC 321, Investments - Equity Securities ("ASC 321"), which is included in equity securities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Dividends received are reported in earnings if and when received. The Company reviews securities individually for impairment by evaluating if events or circumstances have occurred that may indicate the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value. If such events or circumstances have occurred, the Company estimates the fair value of the investment and recognizes an impairment loss in other expense, net on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income equal to the difference between the fair value of the investment and its carrying value. The estimated fair value of the investment is determined using unobservable inputs including assumptions by GEG's management and quantitative information such as lower valuations in recently completed or proposed financings. These inputs are classified as Level 3. 
 Equity securities held by the Company lack readily determinable fair values and therefore the securities are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar equity securities of the same issuer. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 , the 
 74 

million related to these equity securities the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Note 7 
 Accrued severance Other taxes payable Accrued payable to vendors Deferred revenue Accrued incentives and promotions to distributors Accrued other expenses Total other accrued expenses 
 
 Note 8 
 million (the "2016 Term Loan") and a revolving loan facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed million (the "2016 Revolving Loan," and collectively with the 2016 Term Loan, the 2016 Loan Agreement and the Security Agreement, the "2016 Credit Facility"). During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, the Company repaid, in full, the balance of the 2016 Term Loan. 
 On May 4, 2018 and February 1, 2019, the Company entered into loan modification agreements Amendment No. 1 and Amendment No. 2 , respectively). These loan modification agreements amended certain financial covenants and the available borrowing amount under the 2016 Revolving Loan. 
 On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into a loan modification agreement ("Amendment No. 3"), which amended the 2016 Credit Facility, as previously amended. Amendment No. 3, with an available borrowing amount of million, revised the maturity date from March 31, 2021 to March 31, 2024 and modified the variable interest rate based on the one-month United States Treasury Rate, plus a margin of , with an interest rate floor of . Amendment No. 3 also revised the debt (total liabilities) to tangible net worth ratio (as defined in Amendment No. 3) covenant to require that the Company maintain this ratio not in excess of to 1.00, measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter, and revised the definition and calculation of the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in Amendment No. 3). There were no other changes to the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of to 1.00 or the minimum working capital of million as set forth in previous amendments. 
 The Company entered into a loan modification agreement ("Amendment No. 4"), effective September 30, 2022, which amended the 2016 Credit Facility, as previously amended. Amendment No. 4 revised the calculation of the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio (as defined in Amendment No. 4) and allows the Company to declare and pay dividends, up to per quarter, through September 30, 2023. There were no other changes to the covenants or revolving loan facility as set forth in Amendment No. 3. 
 The 2016 Credit Facility, as amended, contains customary covenants, including affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, restrict the Company's ability to create certain types of liens, incur additional indebtedness, declare or pay dividends on or redeem capital stock without prior approval, make other payments to holders of equity interests in the Company, make certain investments, purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all the assets or equity interests of other companies, sell assets or enter into consolidations, mergers or transfers of all or any substantial part of the Company's assets. 
 The 2016 Credit Facility, as amended, contains cross-default provisions, whereby a default under the terms of certain indebtedness or an uncured default of a payment or other material obligation of the Company under a material contract of the Company will cause a default on the remaining indebtedness under the 2016 Credit Facility, as amended. The Company s 
 75 

. If the Company borrows under the 2016 Revolving Loan, interest will be payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of June 30, 2023, there was no balance outstanding on the 2016 Credit Facility. 
 
 Note 9 
 and shares, respectively, of common stock as a result of the exercise of options. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued million and million shares, respectively, under the Company's equity incentive plans. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and shares, respectively, of restricted stock were canceled or surrendered as payment of tax withholding upon vesting. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 , the Company sold million and million shares under its 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, respectively. 
 On November 27, 2017, the Company's board of directors approved a stock repurchase program, which was subsequently amended on February 1, 2019. Under the currently approved repurchase program, the Company is authorized to purchase up to million through December 31, 2026. The stock repurchase program permits the Company to purchase shares from time to time through a variety of methods, including in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or other means as determined by the Company's management, in accordance with applicable securities laws. As part of the stock repurchase program, the Company may enter into a pre-arranged stock repurchase plan which operates in accordance with guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Accordingly, any transactions under such stock repurchase plan would be completed in accordance with the terms of the plan, including specified price, volume and timing conditions. T he stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company purchased million shares of its common stock at an aggregate purchase price of million under this repurchase program. During the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022, the Company purchased million shares of its common stock at an aggregate purchase price of million under this repurchase program. At June 30, 2023, there is million remaining under this stock repurch ase program. 
 The Company s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the designation and issuance of shares of preferred stock. However, as of June 30, 2023, none have been issued nor have any rights or preferences been assigned to the preferred stock by the Company s board of directors. 
 Dividends 
 The Company paid quarterly cash dividends of per share of common stock to stockholders of record in September 2022, December 2022 and March 2023, and per share of common stock in June 2023 which were in the aggregate amount of million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 . For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the Company paid to stockholders a quarterly cash dividend of million, or per share of common stock, in June 2022. 
 The 2016 Credit Facility, as amended, contains customary covenants that among other things, restrict the Company s ability to pay dividends absent consent from its lender. The Company received consent from its lender to declare and pay dividends up to per quarter, through September 30, 2023. 
 The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, restrictions imposed by any indebtedness that may be outstanding, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 
 
 Note 10 
 shares. On November 12, 2022, the stockholders approved amendments to the 2017 Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company's common stock that are available for issuance under the 2017 Plan by shares. As of June 30, 2023, a maximum of million shares of the Company's common stock can be issued under the 2017 Plan in connection with the grant of awards which is calculated as the sum of (i) shares and (ii) up to shares previously reserved for issuance under the Company's prior 2010 Long Term Incentive Plan, including shares returned upon cancellation, termination 
 76 

per share, vest over a three year vesting period, and have a contractual term of ten years. Awards expire in accordance with the terms of each award and, upon expiration of the award, the shares subject to the award are added back to the 2017 Plan. As of June 30, 2023, under the 2017 Plan, there were stock option awards outstanding, net of awards expired, for an aggregate of million shares of the Company s common stock. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 General. The Company s 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") was adopted by its board of directors in September 2018 and its stockholders approved it in November 2018. The ESPP is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 Share Reserve. The Company has reserved million shares of its common stock for issuance under the ESPP. As of June 30, 2023, million shares were available for issuance. The number of shares reserved under the ESPP will automatically be adjusted in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or a reverse stock split (including an adjustment to the per-purchase period share limit). 
 Purchase Price. Employees may purchase each share of common stock under the ESPP at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market values of the stock as of the beginning or the end of the six-month offering periods. An employee s contributions to the ESPP are limited to of the compensation, and up to a maximum of shares may be purchased by an employee during any offering period. A participant shall not be granted an option under the ESPP if such option would permit the participant s rights to purchase stock to accrue at a rate exceeding fair market value of stock for each calendar year in which such option is outstanding at any time. 
 Offering Periods. Unless otherwise determined by the compensation committee, the ESPP will be operated through a series of successive offering periods, which will begin each year on March 1 and September 1. 
 During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, million and million shares of common stock were purchased under the ESPP, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 In accordance with accounting guidance for stock-based compensation, payments in equity instruments for goods or services are accounted for by the fair value method. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, stock-based compensation of million and million, respectively, was reflected as an increase to additional paid in capital. 
 At June 30, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements under the 2017 Plan, based on management's estimate of the shares that will ultimately vest. The Company expects to recognize such costs over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, the Company awarded stock options ("FY 2018 Stock Options") to its executive officers and senior management. The vesting period for the FY 2018 Stock Options is and occurs as follows, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting dates: one-third of the total number of shares awarded vests on January 1, 2019; and one-twelfth of the total number of shares awarded vests on the last day of each fiscal quarter following January 1, 2019. The fair value of the stock options will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards. 
 There were stock option grants during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 77 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired or Canceled ) Outstanding at June 30, 2022 Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired or Canceled ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 Exercisable at June 30, 2023 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Nonvested at June 30, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Nonvested at June 30, 2023 
 The total vesting date fair value of restricted shares that vested during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 w as million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at June 30, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at June 30, 2023 
 78 

million and million, respectively. 
 Performance Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company awards performance restricted stock units to certain employees (the "Recipients"). Each performance restricted stock unit represents a contingent right for the Recipients to receive a distribution of shares of common stock of the Company equal to to of the target number of performance restricted stock units subject to the award. The actual number of shares distributed will be based on the Company's achievement of specified financial performance metrics. The performance period for the performance restricted stock unit ends on the last day of the fiscal year the awards are issued. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the number of performance restricted stock units distributed were based on achievement of specified financial performance metrics. The performance restricted stock units will vest only to the extent the specified financial performance criteria are achieved and subject to the Recipient s continued service with the Company, as follows: (i) a portion of the earned award will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and (ii) an additional portion of the earned award will vest thereafter in a series of quarterly installments. The fair values of the performance restricted stock units are based on the grant date fair value which is the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company awarded performance restricted stock units ("FY 2023 Performance Restricted Stock Units" and "FY 2022 Performance Restricted Stock Units") to certain employees. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at June 30, 2022 Granted (1) 
 Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at June 30, 2023 
 (1) Includes shares added based on achievement of performance goals in excess of target. 
 
 and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 11) ) Loss on settlement of forward contract ) Other (expense) income, net ) Total other expense, net ) ) 
 79 

Note 12 
 International Current Taxes: Federal State Foreign Total Current Income Tax Provision Deferred Taxes: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign Total Deferred Income Tax Provision ) ) Net Income Tax Provision 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Foreign tax rate difference Tax return to provision true-up ) Limit on future stock compensation due to 162(m) Foreign withholding tax Other differences ) Revalue of deferred for change in federal tax rate Permanent differences: stock-based compensation foreign derived intangible income deduction ) ) tax credits ) ) meals and entertainment removal of permanent reinvestment assertion in Japan other permanent differences Change in valuation allowance Net income tax provision 
 80 

Stock option compensation Section 174 costs Lease liability Accrued vacation, allowance for returns, bonuses other Gross deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: Patents and trademarks ) ) Property equipment ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 The Company has adopted accounting guidance for uncertain tax positions which provides that in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must be more likely than not of sustaining the position. The measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely to be realized upon recognition of the benefit. Currently, the Company has no material uncertain tax positions and does not expect significant changes within the next twelve months. Accordingly, the Company has not reserved for any corresponding interest or penalties. 
 In fiscal 2020, LifeVantage recorded an uncertain tax position related to withholding taxes in Taiwan. During fiscal 2021, the Company determined that this liability was owed, and moved it out of the UTP into taxes payable. The Company applied for a reduced withholding rate with the Taiwan government and was advised by its tax service providers who assisted with the application to hold payment until after a decision was made on the application. Near the end of fiscal 2021, the Taiwan government approved the application, and accordingly, LifeVantage made the required payments in the beginning of fiscal 2022. 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company impaired its investment in GEG Corporation for book purposes. The Company performed an analysis and determined that for tax purposes the loss would be capital in nature, but that the tax event had not yet occurred. The Company recorded a deferred tax asset for the loss in the current year, but recorded a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset because the Company believes that when the tax event does occur, it will not be able to utilize the capital loss within the carryback or carryforward period. 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company removed its permanent reinvestment assertion in Japan. As a result, the Company recorded provisions for withholding tax that it will pay to Japan and income taxes it will pay to various states when the cash is repatriated from Japan to Singapore. During fiscal 2022, the Company made a check the box election for LifeVantage Asia to be taxed as a disregarded entity ("DRE") of the parent company, so dividends from Japan to Singapore are treated as received by the United States for USA income tax purposes. The Company also recorded an unborn foreign tax credit related to the 965(a) PTEP in Japan that will be given a partial FTC when the cash is repatriated. The Company has historically had little or no excess FTC limitation in the 951A basket and has therefore chosen not to record the unborn foreign tax credit related to that basket. 
 There were unrecognized tax benefits and no changes to the liability for uncertain tax positions for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2023 and 2022 . 
 The tax years open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS include returns for fiscal years June 30, 2020 through present and the open tax years by state tax authorities include returns for fiscal years June 30, 2019 through present. In addition, the IRS and state tax authorities may examine net operating losses ("NOLs") for any previous years if utilized by the Company. 
 81 

Increases Ending balance 
 The change in valuation allowance during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 related to current year income in entities with a full valuation allowance along with a change to the United States valuation allowance based on updated projections and changes to the blended rate. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the Company placed a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset for the impairment on the GEG investment. The Company does not expect to recognize future capital gains to benefit the future tax capital loss. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had utilized all of its Federal NOL carry-forwards. The net operating losses were to expire by June 30, 2024 and are subject to review by the Internal Revenue Service, and are subject to U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitati ons. As of June 30, 2023, state NOLs were million and foreign NOLs were million. 
 The total recognized tax benefit from settlement of stock-based awards for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2023 and 2022, was million and million, respectively. 
 The Company conducts its business globally. As a result, the Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions, and are subject to examination for the open tax years of June 30, 2019 through June 30, 2023. 
 
 Note 13 
 . As of June 30, 2023, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases was years and , respectively. As of June 30, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for operating leases was years and , respectively. 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease expense 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases was as follows (in thousands): 
 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Operating cash outflows from operating leases 
 
 82 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 In July 2023, LifeVantage Japan entered into a lease agreement with Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited, for a new office located in the Shinagawa Grand Central Tower in Tokyo, Japan. The lease is for approximately square feet and has a lease term from July 1, 2023 through June 30, 2026 with the option to renew for an additional . Lease payments begin in November 2023 totaling approximately per month, or million per year. 
 
 Note 14 
 83 

of the Plaintiff's claims, including the antitrust claim, unjust enrichment claim, and the securities claim for the sale of unregistered securities. On December 19, 2019, Plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint which included three causes of action, including a 10(b)(5) securities fraud claim, and renewed claims relating to the sale of unregistered securities and unjust enrichment. LifeVantage filed a Motion to Dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on January 28, 2020, and with the Motion fully briefed by the parties as of March 17, 2020, the Court decided the matter on the parties briefs only on November 25, 2020. In its decision, the Court dismissed with prejudice the Plaintiffs Section 12(1) claim (sale of an unregistered security), because the Court concluded the claim was time barred. The Court also dismissed the Plaintiffs claim for unjust enrichment against LifeVantage without prejudice, and the Plaintiffs did not amend their complaint following the Court s order to re-plead unjust enrichment. The court found that the Plaintiffs had sufficiently pled their claim under Section 12(2) (offer to sell a security that misstates or omits a material fact by means of a prospectus or oral communication). LifeVantage filed its Answer to the Second Amended Complaint on December 23, 2020, responding to the Plaintiffs remaining securities claims. On February 2, 2021, the Court issued an amended scheduling order that reflects the parties agreement on a schedule for discovery and other litigation matters. On June 15, 2021, the plaintiffs filed their motion for class certification, and on July 13, 2021, the defendants, including LifeVantage Corporation, filed their opposition brief that opposed class certification. On July 27, 2021, the Plaintiffs filed their reply to the Company's opposition brief. The court held a hearing for the motion for class certification on March 28, 2022. On April 19, 2022, the court issued an order denying the Plaintiff s motion for class certification. On December 15, 2022, the case was dismissed with prejudice, which concluded litigation. 

Note 15 
 per share of common stock to be paid on September 22, 2023, to stockholders of record on September 8, 2022. In addition, the board of directors approved a one-time cash dividend of per share of common stock to be paid on September 22, 2023, to stockholders of record on September 8, 2023. 
 84 

<EX-10.1 1>
 2
 evolve-usa.htm
 EX-10.1 1

evolve-usa 

Evolve COMPENSATION PLAN GUIDE FOR INDEPENDENT LIFEVANTAGE CONSULTANTS USA E!ective March 13, 2023 

Welcome 2 

activatedLife. It s complicated. Messy. Beautiful. It goes by fast, and you want to live life to the fullest. But everyday responsibilities, fears, or restrictions can hold you back. You deserve to break free. You deserve to be your best self and live a healthy, happy life on your terms. LifeVantage is here to help. Our products are purposefully designed to activate your body s ability to create vibrant health, starting at the cellular level. And when you look and feel your best, you ll want to help others do the same. LifeVantage activates financial wellness with the opportunity to grow a business that can change people s lives for the better. That s where Evolve creates possibilities. Evolve is a compensation plan that allows you to work part-time or full-time. Whether you are looking to simply share life-changing products or wanting to work and grow as a professional mentor and leader, being an Independent LifeVantage Consultant will positively challenge and reward you. to life IT S TIME TO LIVE WITH PURPOSE. IT S TIME TO INSPIRE REMARKABLE. IT S TIME TO LIVE ACTIVATED. LifeVantage does not promise the financial success of any Consultant. Your success depends on your skill, fortitude, dedication, and your ability to lead others to emulate these qualities. Nothing in this guide is a representation that you will be financially successful. LifeVantage does not guarantee any income or Rank success. The financial results achieved by LifeVantage Consultants are published on LifeVantage s Income Disclosure Statement at www.lifevantage.com/us-en.earn. 3 

WELCOME 2 KEY TERMS 4-5 THE CONSULTANT PATH 6-7 SHARE 3-Tier Pricing Customer Sales Profit Personal Sales Bonus 8 9 11 FAST TRACK BONUSES Customer Track Consultant Track Rank Advancement Track Enroller Track Mentor Bonus 12 12 13 14 15 BUILD GROW Level Comissions 16-17 LEAD Leadership Match Leadership Pool 18-19 20 LEGAL NOTICE 21 ACTIVE You are considered an Active Consultant when your account is in Good Standing and you have met the 150 Sales Volume Requirement in that month, which can be fulfilled solely through Customer orders. COMMISSIONABLE VOLUME (CV) Commissionable Volume is the measurement on which most bonuses and commissions are paid. When you earn a percentage of volume, you earn a percentage of a product's CV. In the USA, SV and CV are generally the same, except when CV has been discounted. COMPRESSION A process by which CV for Level Commissions skips inactive Consultants and rolls up to the next Active Consultant. CUSTOMER SALES VOLUME (CSV) The Sales Volume originating from your Customers orders. DOWNLINE All of the Consultants sponsored into your genealogy are considered part of your downline. ENROLLER The LifeVantage Consultant who enrolls a new Customer or Consultant. Also known as the Enrollment Sponsor. ENROLLMENT TREE The line of Consultants consecutively linked through Consultant enrollment and not by placement. The Enrollment Tree does not include any Placement Sponsors. FAST TRACK PERIOD Your Fast Track Period includes the month you enroll and the following 3 full calendar months. GENERATION Consultants in your Enrollment Tree with the Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher are your Generations. A Generation 1 is the first Consultant in any downline with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher. A Generation 2 is the next Consultant in that Leg with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher, and so on. Table of Contents Key Terms 4 

GOOD STANDING Good Standing means you are in compliance with the Consultant Agreement, including payment of any applicable renewal fees. GROUP SALES VOLUME (GSV) Group Sales Volume is the total Sales Volume from you and all the Consultants in your entire team. LEG A Leg begins with a Level 1 Consultant and includes all of the Consultants beneath them. You have as many Legs as you have Level 1 Consultants. LEVEL The location a Consultant has in your downline in relation to you. All of the Consultants directly below you in your Placement Tree are your Level 1. Consultants placed directly below your Level 1 Consultants are your Level 2, and so on. MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE (MVR) The maximum amount of GSV from any one Leg or from your own Personal Sales Volume and Customer Sales Volume that can count toward your monthly Rank qualification. PAID-AS RANK Your Paid-as Rank is the Rank for which you qualify each month. Your Paid-as Rank determines many of your bonuses. Your Paid-as Rank may be the same as or lower than your Pin depending on your monthly qualifications. PERSONAL SALES VOLUME (PSV) The Sales Volume originating from your personal orders. PERSONAL PURCHASE CAP (PPC) For qualification purposes only, you can count up to 150 Personal Sales Volume from your purchases toward your monthly Rank qualifications. Your entire Sales Volume requirement can be satisfied by your Customers' purchases. PIN RANK Your Pin rank is your recognition Rank and is the highest Rank you have achieved along the Consultant Path. Your Pin Rank is subject to reclassification once per year based on the maintenance requirements for that rank. PLACEMENT SPONSOR If you place a new Consultant directly below you in your downline, you are the Enrollment Sponsor and Placement Sponsor. However, if you place a new Consultant below a downline Consultant in the Placement Tree, that downline Consultant becomes your new enrollee s Placement Sponsor. PLACEMENT TREE If you are a new Consultant's Enroller, you may place them directly below you in your downline or under any other downline Consultant s position. This is considered your Placement Tree, also referred to as your downline or team. QUALIFYING SALES VOLUME (QSV) The Sales Volume that counts toward your monthly Rank qualification. You can count up to 150 SV from your own personal purchases towards your monthly Sales Volume Requirement. RANK ADVANCING When you meet the qualifications to be paid as a Rank higher than your current Pin rank, you will advance to that higher Rank, and your Pin rank will be updated to reflect that new milestone. SALES VOLUME (SV) The numeric value attributed by LifeVantage to each commissionable product sold and/or purchased. SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT (SVR) The accumulation of your Customers Sales Volume and your Personal Sales Volume to meet your monthly Paid-as Rank requirement. UPLINE All of the Consultants above you in your Enrollment and/or Placement Tree. 5 

Evolve. Share. Build Grow. Lead. Your path as an Independent LifeVantage Consultant can lead to a world of possibilities. Start by sharing the LifeVantage products that you love with Customers to help them activate wellness and improve their health. The more you share, the more you ll grow as you find others who want to join you on the path with a business of their own. As you progress along the Consultant Path, your attention will shift to building and leading Consultants on your team who are ready to grow to the next stage of success. At every stage you ll evolve your earnings, yourself, and your life. HOW IT WORKS You must meet certain volume requirements to stay Active and earn bonuses and commissions. These requirements will change, along with the bonuses and commissions you can qualify for, as you move along the path and earn Rank advancements. As you reach the qualifications for a specific Rank, you will be recognized with your Pin Rank at that level for as long as you remain Active. However, your Paid-as Rank will fluctuate with your qualifications from month to month. 6 

SHARE People say our products are too good not to share! In the early stages of your business, begin with a strong emphasis on sharing our wellness products by selling to Customers. These sales are the fastest way to build your business and see a speedy profit. BUILD GROW By the time you reach Senior Consultant 1, you should begin spending more time finding new people to add to your team. Balance your e!orts between selling and sponsoring, which is vital to your continued growth. The larger you grow your team, the more time you will spend building your business and helping your Consultants reach their own goals. C O N SU LT A N T C O N SU LT A N T 1 C O N SU LT A N T 2 C O N SU LT A N T 3 SE N IO R C O N SU LT A N T 1 SE N IO R C O N SU LT A N T 2 SE N IO R C O N SU LT A N T 3 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 1 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 2 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 1 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 2 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 4 PR ES ID EN TI A L C O N SU LT A N T C C1 C2 C3 SC1 SC2 SC3 MC1 MC2 MC3 EC1 EC2 EC3 EC 4 PC1 PERSONAL PURCHASE CAP 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 GROUP SALES VOLUME 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE 750 1,500 2,500 4,000 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 67,500 135,000 270,000 450,000 LEAD Leadership is more than the Rank next to your name. Teach by example how to build a successful LifeVantage business. Acknowledge, encourage, and lift your team members, and together you can enjoy the rewards of your shared success! The Consultant Path Evolve is uniquely designed to help LifeVantage Consultants develop confidence, community, and leadership. Each Rank advancement o!ers the opportunity to celebrate with increased earning possibilities. 7 

EACH LIFEVANTAGE PRODUCT HAS 3 PRICES. 03. CONSULTANT As a LifeVantage Consultant, you will always pay the lowest price approximately 20 o! the One Time Retail price, regardless of the order type. 02. SUBSCRIPTION Subscription price is approximately a 10 discount from One Time Retail price. Products purchased by Customers on Subscription are eligible for the discount. 01. ONE TIME RETAIL The advertised Customer price for all products, whether purchased online or directly from you. Product Pricing 8 

Customer Sales Profit allows you to earn commissions on every order. Here's how it works: When your Customers order LifeVantage products, you earn the di!erence between the price your Customer paid and the Consultant price. Your price as a Consultant is approximately 20 o! of the One Time Retail price. Consultants are eligible for the lowest published price. IN PRACTICE In these examples, 2 Customers are ordering the same set of products. The Customer on the left purchases the products at the full One Time Retail price of 100. The Consultant price for that order is 80. So, you earn a Customer Sales Profit of 20. The Customer on the right orders the same products on a Subscription order for the Subscription price of 90. The Consultant price for that order is 80. So, you earn a Customer Sales Profit of 10. RETAIL SUB 100 PURCHASE PRICE 90 PURCHASE PRICE 20 CUSTOMER SALES PROFIT 10 CUSTOMER SALES PROFIT subtract 80 CONSULTANT PRICE subtract 80 CONSULTANT PRICE Sharing your excitement about LifeVantage and selling products to Customers is at the heart of being a Consultant. In addition to Customer Sales Profit, you can earn up to 20 on total monthly product sales with the Personal Sales Bonus. Customer Sales Profit Share. CUSTOMER SALES PROFIT IS CALCULATED DAILY . May be disbursed three business days after the bonus calculation date to qualified Consultants who are in an eligible market and have reached the Pin Rank of Senior Consultant 1 or above. Consultants who are not qualified for daily disbursement will be paid their bonus earnings weekly. Must be active to qualify 9 

Customers may cancel their Subscription to opt out of the program at any time. Makes it simple for you to get repeat orders for recurring Customer Sales Volume. Makes it simple for Customers to get their wellness products delivered directly to their doorstep every month. Gives you exciting benefits to talk to your potential Customer about, including better pricing on their favorite products and automatic access to the LifeVantage Rewards Circle loyalty program. Simplifies managing Customer relationships because they will be added to LifeVantage communications and we can partner with you to let them know about new products and promotions. 1. 2. 3. 3 Benefits to Customer Subscription 10 

Must be active to qualify CUSTOMER SV BONUS TIER RECOGNITION TITLE 500 999.99 5 ONYX 1,000 1,999.99 10 EMERALD 2,000 3,999.99 15 SAPPHIRE 4,000+ 20 DIAMOND Personal Sales Bonus The Personal Sales Bonus rewards you on your personal Customer sales. When your personal Customer sales total 500 SV or more in a single month, you become eligible for an additional Personal Sales Bonus. When you reach 500 Customer Sales Volume in a single month, you will be recognized with a special title before your Rank, starting with Onyx at 500 SV then changing to Emerald at 1000 SV, Sapphire at 2000 SV, and Diamond at 4000 SV and higher. IN PRACTICE For example, if your Customers order 2200 SV worth of products in the month, you are eligible for the 15 bonus tier. This bonus is paid on CV which takes into account promos or discounts Customers may have redeemed. PERSONAL SALES BONUS IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Share. 11 2200 SV SAPPHIRE 330 PERSONAL SALES BONUS you earn 15 of CV and the title of RETAIL SUB YOU 

Consultant 01 Customer Track You earn 50 for each set of 3 eligible Customers you enroll during your Fast Track Period. A Customer becomes eligible when they purchase at least 100 SV worth of products in the same calendar month that they become a Customer. To qualify for this bonus, you need to be Active in each of the months that your Customers first purchase. 02 Consultant Track You earn 50 for each set of 3 Consultants you enroll during your Fast Track Period. To qualify for this bonus, you need to be Active each month your Consultants enroll, and each Consultant must be Active in the month they enroll. C C C For each set of 3 Customers who order 100 SV in their first purchase month For each set of 3 Consultants who are Active in their enrollment month YOU EARN 50 YOU EARN 50 RETAIL RETAIL SUB YOU YOU CUSTOMER TRACK IS CALCULATED WEEKLY CONSULTANT TRACK IS CALCULATED WEEKLY12 fa st tr ac k bo nu se s CHOOSE THE FAST T RA C K N O W ! Y O U H AV E 3 F U L L CALEN D A R M O N TH S start now 

CHOOSE THE FAST TRACK! These bonuses can boost you right from the start. Your Fast Track Period begins the day you enroll as a Consultant and continues through the next 3 calendar months. 03 Rank Advancement Track 04 Accelerator Track When you reach the Rank of Senior Consultant 1 for the first time during your Fast Track Period, you will earn a 100 Rank Advancement Bonus. When you achieve any of the Fast Track Bonuses before the end of your first full calendar month as a Consultant, you will earn a 50 bonus. YOU EARN 50 When you achieve any Fast Track Bonus before the end of your first full calendar month YOU YOU EARN 100 When you advance to the Rank of SENIOR CONSULTANT 1 during your Fast Track Period YOU RANK ADVANCEMENT TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY ACCELERATOR TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY 13 

01 Rank Advancement Track 02 Accelerator Track If you are Paid-as Senior Consultant 1 or higher, you can earn a one-time 50 Enroller Bonus anytime your newly enrolled consultant earns a Rank Advancement Bonus. If you are Active, in the month a Consultant you enroll earns an Accelerator Track Bonus, you can earn a 25 bonus as their Enroller. Enroller RANK ADVANCEMENT TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Upline Enroller earns the Rank Advancement Bonus C ACCELERATOR TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Upline Enroller earns the Accelerator Track Bonus C ENROLLER EARNS 50 ENROLLER EARNS 25 14 fa st tr ac k bo nu se s 

02 Accelerator Track Mentor Bonus IN PRACTICE For example, if your newly enrolled Consultant sells 500 CV during their Fast Track Period, you earn a 15 bonus equal to 75. Earn 15 of all your new Consultant's CV from their Customer sales during their Fast Track Period. You earn 15 Your newly enrolled Consultant YOU C SELLS 500 CV 75 MENTOR BONUS MENTOR BONUS IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Earn When You Help Others Win on The Fast Track The first few months of a new Consultant s business are critical to setting them up for a future of success. As their Enroller, work closely with them during their Fast Track Period to help them get started right and you could also earn bonuses. Must be active to qualify. 15 

You earn Level Commissions for building your team and teaching those you sponsor to create strong teams of their own. As an Active Consultant, you are paid a percentage of commissions from the CV of your team s sales. Your Paid-as Rank determines the percentages you earn and the number of levels on which you are eligible to receive a commission. HOW LEVELS WORK All of the Consultants directly below you in your Placement Tree are your Level 1. Consultants are paid Customers Sales Profit and Personal Sales Bonus on their personally enrolled Customer purchases. Enrollers are not eligible for a Level Commission on their personal Customers. Level Commissions C O N SU LT A N T C O N SU LT A N T 1 C O N SU LT A N T 2 C O N SU LT A N T 3 SE N IO R C O N SU LT A N T 1 SE N IO R C O N SU LT A N T 2 SE N IO R C O N SU LT A N T 3 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 1 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 2 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 1 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 2 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 4 PR ES ID EN TI A L C O N SU LT A N T C C1 C2 C3 SC1 SC2 SC3 MC1 MC2 MC3 EC1 EC2 EC3 EC 4 PC1 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 750 1,500 2,500 4,000 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 67,500 135,000 270,000 450,000 LEVEL 1 5 7 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 LEVEL 2 3 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 LEVEL 3 3 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 LEVEL 4 3 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 LEVEL 5 3 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 LEVEL 6 3 4 5 5 5 5 5 LEVEL 7 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 LEVEL 8 3 3 3 3 3 3 LEVEL 9 3 3 3 3 3 3 LEVEL COMMISSIONS ARE CALCULATED MONTHLY 16 Build Grow. PPC SVR GSV MVR 

Active Compression 9 8 5 3 7 2 6 1 ORDER MC1 START HERE C1 C3 INACTIVE SC3 MC3 INACTIVE EC3 EC4 MC1 INACTIVE PRESIDENTIAL 4 YOU Active MC1 qualified to earn up to 5 Levels. They are Level 1, so they are paid 10 Active C1 qualified to earn on Level 1. This is Level 2, so they are not eligible and Level 2 is not paid. Active C3 is qualified to earn on only 2 Levels. This is Level 3, so they are not eligible and Level 3 is not paid. Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 4 rolls up. Because the Consultant below you is inactive, you become Level 4 through Active Compression. As an Active SC3, you are qualified to earn at Level 4 and are paid 3 . Active MC3 qualified to earn on 9 Levels and paid on Level 5 at 6 . Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 6 rolls up. New Level 6 is an Active EC3 qualified to earn on 9 Levels. They are paid Level 6 at 5 . Active EC4 is paid on Level 7 at 4 . Active MC1 qualifies to earn only up to Level 5. Because this is Level 8, they are not eligible and Level 8 is not paid. Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 9 rolls up. Active PC is qualified for Level 9 and paid 3 . IN PRACTICE This example shows how volume could roll up in one Leg of a team. You re a Senior Consultant 3 at Level 5 above the Consultant who earned the volume. Starting from the bottom of the chart, you can see how CV flows up and what happens below and above you. KEY Qualified (Paid) Not Qualified (Not Paid) Inactive (Rolls Up) 17 

M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 2 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 1 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 2 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 4 PR ES ID EN TI A L C O N SU LT A N T GENERATION 1 7 12 15 20 20 20 20 GENERATION 2 10 12 15 20 20 20 GENERATION 3 10 12 15 20 20 GENERATION 4 10 12 15 20 GENERATION 5 10 12 15 GENERATION 6 10 12 GENERATION 7 12 CAP PER MATCH 1,000 2,500 5,000 7,500 10,000 15,000 15,000 When you are paid as a Managing Consultant 2 or higher in the month, you can receive a Leadership Match on qualified Generations. The Leadership Match is paid on your qualified Generations' Level Commissions. HOW GENERATIONS WORK Your Generation 1 is the first Consultant in any Leg in your team with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher. A Generation 2 is the next Consultant in that Leg with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher, and so on. LEADERSHIP MATCH IS CALCULATED MONTHLY MONTHLY LEADERSHIP MATCH CAN PAYOUT UP TO A MAXIMUM OF 9 OF MONTHLY GLOBAL CV. Leadership Match When you reach the Leader level, you ve shown you truly know what it takes to succeed and have the skills to help mentor and motivate others. Keep cultivating your future leaders and helping them grow and you can earn substantial bonuses for building such a strong team. 18 Lead. 

YOU MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 10 12 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 12 MANAGING CONSULTANT 1 12 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 IN PRACTICE For example, as a Managing Consultant 3, you earn a 12 Leadership Match on your Generation 1 Consultants and a 10 match on your Generation 2 Consultants. Qualified Generations are based on Paid-as Ranks. You can have multiple Generation 1 Consultants within a Leg. The Leadership Match is paid in addition to any other bonuses and commissions you might already be earning. GENERATION 1 GENERATION 1 GENERATION 2 GENERATION 1 19 

When you are paid as an Executive Consultant 1 or higher, you earn shares of our monthly Leadership Pool. This pool is made from 4 of global monthly CV. You receive shares based on your Paid-as Rank. The total pool amount is divided equally by the total number of monthly shares Consultants earn. Leadership Pool SHARES EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 1 1 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 3 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 3 5 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 4 10 PRESIDENTIAL CONSULTANT 20 LEADERSHIP POOL IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Lead. 20 

Notices 1. LifeVantage Corporation is a publicly traded NASDAQ (LFVN) Direct Sales/Network Marketing company with a Multi-Level Marketing compensation plan that provides flexibility and opportunity for individuals to earn extra income based upon selling products to Customers. 2. The focus of the LifeVantage Compensation Plan is to pay bonuses and commissions to LifeVantage Consultants based upon their product sales and the product sales of LifeVantage Consultants in their personal marketing team to ultimate end using Customers. 3. Every commission and/or compensation qualification requirement within this LifeVantage Compensation Plan may be achieved through product sales to Customers through a Consultant s personal e!orts and the e!orts of the Consultants within their Downline. 4. LifeVantage products are not sold in retail stores and only licensed Consultants in Good Standing are authorized to sell LifeVantage products either directly from their own stock or indirectly through the company s online shopping cart at www.lifevantage.com. 5. The Consultant Agreement consists of the LifeVantage Compensation Plan, the Income Disclosure Statement, the LifeVantage Consultant Application and Agreement, the LifeVantage Policies and Procedures, the LifeVantage Virtual O ce Agreement (Back O ce Agreement), and the LifeVantage Privacy Policy and Website Use Agreement. The Consultant Agreement governs the contractual relationship and obligations of each LifeVantage Consultant to LifeVantage. 6. A LifeVantage Consultant may not personally purchase for themselves nor encourage Customers or other Consultants to purchase more inventory than each can personally consume and/or sell to their personal Customers each month. In addition, each LifeVantage Consultant personally agrees that they may not place a new order in any given month unless 70 of all orders from previous months have been sold or consumed through personal/family use. 7. A LifeVantage Consultant must disclose the Income Disclosure Statement when making any earnings representations which can be found at the following link: www.lifevantage.com/us-en.earn. 8. The Consultants sales earnings disclosed are potential gross earnings and not net of other business expenses and not necessarily representative of the actual income, if any, that a Consultant can or will earn through the LifeVantage Compensation Plan. A Consultant's earnings will depend on the individual diligence, work e!ort, and market conditions. LifeVantage does not guarantee any income or Rank success. See the Income Disclosure Statement for detailed earnings information. 9. Business Centers activated prior to March 1, 2023, and Active as of March 1, 2023, are eligible for the Customer Sales Profit, Personal Sales Bonus, Level Commissions, and Leadership Pool, based on the Rank for which that Business Center meets the monthly qualifications for. The Sales Volume Requirement to qualify the Business Center for Rank, Personal Sales Bonus, Level Commissions, and Leadership Pool will be 150. Business Centers are not a Generation for their upline, regardless of the Paid-as Rank of that Business Center. No Leadership Match Bonus is paid on a Business Center s earnings and a Business Center may not earn a Leadership Match. If a Business Center has the Paid- as Rank of MC1 or higher, they will not be considered in Generation counts. Beginning on March 1, 2023, no new Business Centers will be allowed, and all inactive Business Centers will be terminated and will not be reinstated. To remain Active, a Business Center must meet the 150 Sales Volume Requirement at least once every six months. 10. Beginning on March 1, 2023, a family unit may not enter or have an interest in more than one LifeVantage Consultant Business. 11. For Leadership Match, if after the individual caps per match are applied the monthly Leadership Match payout exceed 9 of monthly global CV, then all monthly Leadership Match earnings will be adjusted down by an equal percentage in order to ensure that the monthly Leadership Match does not exceed 9 of monthly global CV. 21 

Notes 22 

23 

Evolve 2 02 3 Li fe Va nt ag e Co rp or at io n. A ll r ig ht s r es er ve d. 0 21 02 3.1 8 

This Transition Plan is designed to help you adjust to the Evolve Compensation Plan with a gradual shift toward the new Ranks, requirements, and behaviors. This will give you time to set new goals, adapt, and accelerate your business strategies as you move along a new path to achieving success. Adapt. Accelerate. Achieve. ADDENDUM TO THE U.S. EVOLVE COMPENSATION PLAN Evolve Transition Plan FOR LIFEVANTAGE CONSULTANTS This Transition Plan is e!ective March 1, 2023. The Evolve Consultant Path rules and requirements will take full e!ect September 1, 2023. Until all markets are moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan, Leader Pools will be calculated in the following manner: First, markets that have not yet moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan will have their leader pool shares calculated based on their current plan. Then, the remainder of global CV dedicated to the leader pools is used to pay out Evolve Compensation Plan Leader Pool shares. Until all markets are moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan, this rank map will be used to calculate earnings in the event you have earned commissions on an order placed in a market that has not yet moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan. Your Consultants' and Customers' purchases are commissioned based on their local market Compensation Plan. OLD TITLE OLD OV NEW TITLE NEW GSV DISTRIBUTOR CONSULTANT PRO 1 1,000 CONSULTANT 3 1,000 PRO 2 2,500 SENIOR CONSULTANT 1 2,000 PRO 3 5,000 SENIOR CONSULTANT 3 6,000 PRO 4 10,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 1 10,000 PRO 5 20,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 2 20,000 PRO 6 50,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 40,000 PRO 7 100,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 1 80,000 PRO 8 200,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 150,000 PRO 9 500,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 3 300,000 PRO 10+ 1,000,000 PRESIDENTIAL CONSULTANT 1,000,000 E!ective March 1, 2023, Consultants will map to the following new Pin Ranks under the Evolve Compensation Plan: 1 

E!ective March 1, 2023, through August 31, 2023, the following Consultant Path Transition Plan rules will take e!ect based on Paid-as Ranks as outlined below: C O N SU LT A N T 1 C O N SU LT A N T 2 C O N SU LT A N T 3 SE N IO R C O N SU LT A N T 1 SE N IO R C O N SU LT A N T 2 SE N IO R C O N SU LT A N T 3 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 1 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 2 M A N AG IN G C O N SU LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 1 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 2 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N SU LT A N T 4 PR ES ID EN TI A L C O N SU LT A N T OLD PLAN RANKS PRO 1 PRO 2 PRO3 PRO 4 PRO 5 PRO 6 PRO 7 PRO 8 PRO 9 PRO 10 SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT NEW PLAN 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 MARCH-MAY 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 JUNE - AUGUST NO TRANSITION 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 GROUP SALES VOLUME NO TRANSITION 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE NEW PLAN 750 (75 1,500 (75 2,500 (71 4,000 (67 6,000 (60 10,000 (50 20,000 (50 40,000 (50 67,500 (45 135,000 (45 270,000 (45 450,000 (45 MARCH - MAY 800 (80 1.600 (80 2,700 (77 4,500 (75 7,000 (70 12,000 (60 24,000 (60 48,000 (60 75,000 (50 150,000 (50 300,000 (50 450,000 (45 JUNE - AUGUST 11,000 (55 22,000 (55 44,000 (55 70,000 (47 140,000 (47 285,000 (48 450,000 (45 2 

</EX-10.1 1>

<EX-10.1 2>
 3
 evolve-aus.htm
 EX-10.1 2

evolve-aus 

Evolve COMPENSATION PLAN GUIDE FOR INDEPENDENT LIFEVANTAGE CONSULTANTS AUSTRALIA Effective March 20, 2023 

activatedLife. It s complicated. Messy. Beautiful. It goes by fast, and you want to live life to the fullest. But everyday responsibilities, fears, or restrictions can hold you back. You deserve to break free. You deserve to be your best self and live a healthy, happy life on your terms. LifeVantage is here to help. Our products are purposefully designed to activate your body s ability to create vibrant health, starting at the cellular level. And when you look and feel your best, you ll want to help others do the same. LifeVantage activates financial wellness with the opportunity to grow a business that can change people s lives for the better. That s where Evolve creates possibilities. Evolve is a compensation plan that allows you to work part-time or full-time. Whether you are looking to simply share life-changing products or wanting to work and grow as a professional mentor and leader, being an Independent LifeVantage Consultant will positively challenge and reward you. Welcome to life IT S TIME TO LIVE WITH PURPOSE. IT S TIME TO INSPIRE REMARKABLE. IT S TIME TO LIVE ACTIVATED. LifeVantage does not promise the financial success of any Consultant. Your success depends on your skill, fortitude, dedication, and your ability to lead others to emulate these qualities. Nothing in this guide is a representation that you will be financially successful. LifeVantage does not guarantee any income or Rank success. 2 3 

WELCOME 2 KEY TERMS 4-5 THE CONSULTANT PATH 6-7 SHARE Product Pricing Customer Sales Profit Personal Sales Bonus 8 9 11 FAST TRACK BONUSES Customer Track Consultant Track Rank Advancement Track Enroller Track Mentor Bonus 12 12 13 14 15 BUILD GROW Level Comissions 16-17 LEAD Leadership Match Leadership Pool 18-19 20 LEGAL NOTICE 21 ACTIVE You are considered an Active Consultant when your account is in Good Standing and you have met the 150 Sales Volume Requirement in that month, with at least 40 Sales Volume from personal purchases. COMMISSIONABLE VOLUME (CV) Commissionable Volume is the measurement on which most bonuses and commissions are paid. When you earn a percentage of volume, you earn a percentage of a product's CV. The numeric value for CV is typically obtained when Sales Volume is multiplied by the current applicable currency rate multiplier, except in cases where CV has been discounted for any reason. COMPRESSION A process by which CV for Level Commissions skips inactive Consultants and rolls up to the next Active Consultant. CUSTOMER SALES VOLUME (CSV) The Sales Volume originating from your Customers orders. DOWNLINE All of the Consultants sponsored into your genealogy are considered part of your downline. ENROLLER The LifeVantage Consultant who enrolls a new Customer or Consultant. Also known as the Enrollment Sponsor. ENROLLMENT TREE The line of Consultants consecutively linked through Consultant enrollment and not by placement. The Enrollment Tree does not include any Placement Sponsors. FAST TRACK PERIOD Your Fast Track Period includes the month you enroll and the following 3 full calendar months. Table of Contents Key Terms GENERATION Consultants in your Enrollment Tree with the Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher are your Generations. A Generation 1 is the first Consultant in any downline with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher. A Generation 2 is the next Consultant in that Leg with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher, and so on. GOOD STANDING Good Standing means you are in compliance with the Consultant Agreement, including payment of any applicable renewal fees. GROUP SALES VOLUME (GSV) Group Sales Volume is the total Sales Volume from you and all the Consultants in your entire team. LEG A Leg begins with a Level 1 Consultant and includes all of the Consultants beneath them. You have as many Legs as you have Level 1 Consultants. LEVEL The location a Consultant has in your downline in relation to you. All of the Consultants directly below you in your Placement Tree are your Level 1. Consultants placed directly below your Level 1 Consultants are your Level 2, and so on. MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE (MVR) The maximum amount of GSV from any one Leg or from your own Personal Sales Volume and Customer Sales Volume that can count toward your monthly Rank qualification. PAID-AS RANK Your Paid-as Rank is the Rank for which you qualify each month. Your Paid-as Rank determines many of your bonuses. Your Paid-as Rank may be the same as or lower than your Pin depending on your monthly qualifications. PERSONAL SALES VOLUME (PSV) The Sales Volume originating from your personal orders. PIN RANK Your Pin rank is your recognition Rank and is the highest Rank you have achieved along the Consultant Path. Your Pin Rank is subject to reclassification once per year based on the maintenance requirements for that Rank. PLACEMENT SPONSOR If you place a new Consultant directly below you in your downline, you are the Enrollment Sponsor and Placement Sponsor. However, if you place a new Consultant below a downline Consultant in the Placement Tree, that downline Consultant becomes your new enrollee s Placement Sponsor. PLACEMENT TREE If you are a new Consultant's Enroller, you may place them directly below you in your downline or under any other downline Consultant s position. This is considered your Placement Tree, also referred to as your downline or team. QUALIFYING SALES VOLUME (QSV) The Sales Volume that counts toward your monthly Rank qualification. You can count up to 150 SV from your own personal purchases towards your monthly Sales Volume Requirement. RANK ADVANCING When you meet the qualifications to be paid as a Rank higher than your current Pin rank, you will advance to that higher Rank, and your Pin rank will be updated to reflect that new milestone. SALES VOLUME (SV) The numeric value attributed by LifeVantage to each commissionable product sold and/or purchased. SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT (SVR) The accumulation of your Customers Sales Volume and your Personal Sales Volume to meet your monthly Paid-as Rank requirement. UPLINE All of the Consultants above you in your Enrollment and/or Placement Tree. 4 5 

Evolve. Share. Build Grow. Lead. Your path as an Independent LifeVantage Consultant can lead to a world of possibilities. Start by sharing the LifeVantage products that you love with Customers to help them activate wellness and improve their health. The more you share, the more you ll grow as you find others who want to join you on the path with a business of their own. As you progress along the Consultant Path, your attention will shift to building and leading Consultants on your team who are ready to grow to the next stage of success. At every stage you ll evolve your earnings, yourself, and your life. HOW IT WORKS You must meet certain volume requirements to stay Active and earn bonuses and commissions. These requirements will change, along with the bonuses and commissions you can qualify for, as you move along the path and earn Rank advancements. As you reach the qualifications for a specific Rank, you will be recognized with your Pin Rank at that level for as long as you remain Active. However, your Paid-as Rank will fluctuate with your qualifications from month to month. SHARE People say our products are too good not to share! In the early stages of your business, begin with a strong emphasis on sharing our wellness products by selling to Customers. These sales are the fastest way to build your business and see speedy income. BUILD GROW By the time you reach Senior Consultant 1, you should begin spending more time finding new people to add to your team. Balance your efforts between selling and sponsoring, which is vital to your continued growth. The larger you grow your team, the more time you will spend building your business and helping your Consultants reach their own goals. C O N S U LT A N T C O N S U LT A N T 1 C O N S U LT A N T 2 C O N S U LT A N T 3 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 1 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 2 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 3 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 1 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 1 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 2 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R E S ID E N T IA L C O N S U LT A N T C C1 C2 C3 SC1 SC2 SC3 MC1 MC2 MC3 EC1 EC2 EC3 EC 4 PC1 PERSONAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 GROUP SALES VOLUME 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE 750 1,500 2,500 4,000 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 67,500 135,000 270,000 450,000 LEAD Leadership is more than the Rank next to your name. Teach by example how to build a successful LifeVantage business. Acknowledge, encourage, and lift your team members, and together you can enjoy the rewards of your shared success! The Consultant Path Evolve is uniquely designed to help LifeVantage Consultants develop confidence, community, and leadership. Each Rank advancement offers the opportunity to celebrate with increased earning possibilities. 6 7 

EACH LIFEVANTAGE PRODUCT HAS 3 PRICES. 03. CONSULTANT As a LifeVantage Consultant, you will always pay the lowest price approximately 20 off the One Time Retail price, regardless of the order type. 02. SUBSCRIPTION Subscription price is approximately a 10 discount from the One Time Retail Price. Products purchased by Customers on Subscription are eligible for the discount. 01. ONE TIME RETAIL The advertised Customer price for all products, whether purchased online or directly from you. Product Pricing Customer Sales Income allows you to earn commissions on every order. Here's how it works: When your Customers order LifeVantage products, you earn the difference between the price your Customer paid and the Consultant price. Your price as a Consultant is approximately 20 off of the One Time Retail price. Consultants are eligible for the lowest published price. IN PRACTICE In these examples, 2 Customers are ordering the same set of products. The Customer on the left purchases the products at the full GST-exclusive One Time Retail price of AU 140. The GST-exclusive Consultant price for that order is AU 112. So, you earn Customer Sales Income of AU 28. The Customer on the right orders the same products on a Subscription order for the GST-exclusive Subscription price of AU 126. The GST-exclusive Consultant price for that order is AU 112. So, you earn Customer Sales Income of AU 14. RETAIL SUB AU 140 PURCHASE PRICE AU 126 PURCHASE PRICE AU 28 CUSTOMER SALES INCOME AU 14 CUSTOMER SALES INCOME subtract AU 112 CONSULTANT PRICE subtract AU 112 CONSULTANT PRICE Sharing your excitement about LifeVantage and selling products to Customers is at the heart of being a Consultant. In addition to Customer Sales Income, you can earn up to 20 on total monthly product sales with the Personal Sales Bonus. Customer Sales Income Share. CUSTOMER SALES INCOME IS CALCULATED DAILY . It is important to note that while the published prices may be inclusive of Goods and Services Tax (GST), all bonuses and/or commissions are paid on GST-exclusive values only. May be disbursed three business days after the bonus calculation date to qualified Consultants who are in an eligible market and have reached the Pin Rank of Senior Consultant 1 or above. Consultants who are not qualified for daily disbursement will be paid their bonus earnings weekly. MUST BE ACTIVE TO QUALIFY 8 

Customers may cancel their Subscription to opt out of the program at any time. CUSTOMER SV BONUS TIER RECOGNITION TITLE 500 999.99 5 ONYX 1,000 1,999.99 10 EMERALD 2,000 3,999.99 15 SAPPHIRE 4,000+ 20 DIAMOND Personal Sales Bonus The Personal Sales Bonus rewards you on your personal Customer sales. When your personal Customer sales total 500 SV or more in a single month, you become eligible for an additional Personal Sales Bonus. The Bonus is paid on a percentage of CV. When you reach 500 Customer Sales Volume in a single month, you will be recognized with a special title before your Rank, starting with Onyx at 500 SV then changing to Emerald at 1000 SV, Sapphire at 2000 SV, and Diamond at 4000 SV and higher. IN PRACTICE For example, if your Customers order 2200 SV worth of products in the month, you are eligible for the 15 bonus tier. This bonus is paid on CV which takes into account promos or discounts Customers may have redeemed. Makes it simple for you to get repeat orders for recurring Customer Sales Volume. Makes it simple for Customers to get their wellness products delivered directly to their doorstep every month. Gives you exciting benefits to talk to your potential Customer about, including better pricing on their favorite products and automatic access to the LifeVantage Rewards Circle loyalty program. Simplifies managing Customer relationships because they will be added to LifeVantage communications and we can partner with you to let them know about new products and promotions. 1. 2. 3. 3 Benefits to Customer Subscription Share. To calculate bonus amount in local currency: SV is multiplied by the current foreign-exchange currency conversion factor (also known as PEG rate) to get the CV. CV is multiplied by the applicable bonus percentage. For this example, bonus is calculated as follows: 2200 SV X 1.40 (theoretical AU currency conversion factor) X 15 = AU 462. PERSONAL SALES BONUS IS CALCULATED MONTHLY MUST BE ACTIVE TO QUALIFY 2200 SV SAPPHIRE AU 462 PERSONAL SALES BONUS and the title of RETAIL SUB YOU you earn 15 of CV 1110 

Consultant 01 Customer Track You earn AU 70 for each set of 3 eligible Customers you enroll during your Fast Track Period. A Customer becomes eligible when they purchase at least 100 SV worth of products in the same calendar month that they become a Customer. To qualify for this bonus, you need to be Active in each of the months that your Customers first purchase. Calculation based on US 50 X 1.40 (theoretical AU currency conversion factor) = AU 70. 02 Consultant Track You earn AU 70 for each set of 3 Consultants you enroll during your Fast Track Period. To qualify for this bonus, you need to be Active each month your Consultants enroll, and each Consultant must be Active in the month they enroll. Calculation based on US 50 X 1.40 (theoretical AU currency conversion factor) = AU 70. C C C For each set of 3 Customers who order 100 SV in their first purchase month For each set of 3 Consultants who are Active in their enrollment month YOU EARN AU 70 YOU EARN AU 70 RETAIL RETAIL SUB CHOOSE THE FAST TRACK! These bonuses can boost you right from the start. Your Fast Track Period begins the day you enroll as a Consultant and continues through the next 3 calendar months. YOU YOU CUSTOMER TRACK IS CALCULATED WEEKLY CONSULTANT TRACK IS CALCULATED WEEKLY 03 Rank Advancement Track 04 Accelerator Track When you reach the Rank of Senior Consultant 1 for the first time during your Fast Track Period, you will earn a AU 140 Rank Advancement Bonus. Calculation based on US 100 X 1.40 (theoretical AU currency conversion factor) = AU 140. When you achieve any of the Fast Track Bonuses before the end of your first full calendar month as a Consultant, you will earn a AU 70 bonus. Calculation based on US 50 X 1.40 (theoretical AU currency conversion factor) = AU 70. YOU EARN AU 70 When you achieve any Fast Track Bonus before the end of your first full calendar month YOU YOU EARN AU 140 When you advance to the Rank of SENIOR CONSULTANT 1 during your Fast Track Period YOU RANK ADVANCEMENT TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY ACCELERATOR TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY 12 13 fa st tr ac k bo nu se s CHOOSE THE FAST T R A C K N O W ! YO U H AV E 3 F U L L CA LE N D A R M O N T H S start now 

01 Rank Advancement Track 02 Accelerator Track Mentor Bonus If you are Paid-as Senior Consultant 1 or higher, you can earn a one-time AU 70 Enroller Bonus anytime your newly enrolled consultant earns a Rank Advancement Bonus. Calculation based on US 50 X 1.40 (theoretical AU currency conversion factor) = AU 70. If you are Active, in the month a Consultant you enroll earns an Accelerator Track Bonus, you can earn a AU 35 bonus as their Enroller. To qualify, you must be Active. Calculation based on US 25 X 1.40 (theoretical AU currency conversion factor) = AU 35. IN PRACTICE In this example, if your newly enrolled Consultant sells 500 SV during their Fast Track Period, you earn a 15 bonus. SV is multiplied by the current foreign-exchange currency conversion factor (also known as PEG rate) to get the CV. CV is multiplied by the applicable bonus percentage. For this example, the calculation would be: 500 SV X 1.40 (theoretical AU currency conversion factor) X 15 = AU 105. In order to receive any Mentor Bonus, you must be Active in the month your new Consultant qualifies. Earn 15 of all your new Consultant's CV from their Customer sales during their Fast Track Period. Must be active to qualify. Enroller RANK ADVANCEMENT TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Upline Enroller earns the Rank Advancement Bonus C ACCELERATOR TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Upline Enroller earns the Accelerator Track Bonus C You earn 15 of CV Your newly enrolled Consultant YOU C SELLS 500 SV AU 105 MENTOR BONUS MENTOR BONUS IS CALCULATED MONTHLY ENROLLER EARNS AU 70 ENROLLER EARNS AU 35 Earn When You Help Others Win on The Fast Track The first few months of a new Consultant s business are critical to setting them up for a future of success. As their Enroller, work closely with them during their Fast Track Period to help them get started right and you could also earn bonuses. 14 15 fa st tr ac k bo nu se s 

You earn Level Commissions for building your team and teaching those you sponsor to create strong teams of their own. As an Active Consultant, you are paid a percentage of commissions from the CV of your team s sales. Your Paid-as Rank determines the percentages you earn and the number of levels on which you are eligible to receive a commission. HOW LEVELS WORK All of the Consultants directly below you in your Placement Tree are your Level 1. Consultants are paid Customers Sales Profit and Personal Sales Bonus on their personally enrolled Customer purchases. Enrollers are not eligible for a Level Commission on their personal Customers. Level Commissions Active Compression C O N S U LT A N T C O N S U LT A N T 1 C O N S U LT A N T 2 C O N S U LT A N T 3 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 1 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 2 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 3 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 1 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 1 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 2 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R E S ID E N T IA L C O N S U LT A N T C C1 C2 C3 SC1 SC2 SC3 MC1 MC2 MC3 EC1 EC2 EC3 EC 4 PC1 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 750 1,500 2,500 4,000 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 67,500 135,000 270,000 450,000 LEVEL 1 5 7 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 LEVEL 2 3 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 LEVEL 3 3 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 LEVEL 4 3 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 LEVEL 5 3 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 LEVEL 6 3 4 5 5 5 5 5 LEVEL 7 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 LEVEL 8 3 3 3 3 3 3 LEVEL 9 3 3 3 3 3 3 9 8 5 3 7 2 6 1 ORDER MC1 START HERE C1 C3 INACTIVE SC3 MC3 INACTIVE EC3 EC4 MC1 INACTIVE PRESIDENTIAL 4 YOU Active MC1 qualified to earn up to 5 Levels. They are Level 1, so they are paid 10 Active C1 is qualified to earn on only Level 1. This is Level 2, so they are not eligible and the Level 2 is not paid. Active C3 is qualified to earn on only 2 Levels. This is Level 3, so they are not eligible and Level 3 is not paid. Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 4 rolls up. Because the Consultant below you is inactive, you become Level 4 through Active Compression. As an Active SC3, you are qualified to earn at Level 4 and are paid 3 . Active MC3 qualified to earn on 9 Levels and paid on Level 5 at 6 . Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 6 rolls up. New Level 6 is an Active EC3 qualified to earn on 9 Levels. They are paid Level 6 at 5 . Active EC4 is paid on Level 7 at 4 . Active MC1 qualifies to earn only up to Level 5. Because this is Level 8, they are not eligible and Level 8 is not paid. Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 9 rolls up. Active PC is qualified for Level 9 and paid 3 . IN PRACTICE This example shows how volume could roll up in one Leg of a team. You re a Senior Consultant 3 at Level 5 above the Consultant who earned the volume. Starting from the bottom of the chart, you can see how CV flows up and what happens below and above you. KEY Qualified (Paid) Not Qualified (Not Paid) Inactive (Rolls Up) LEVEL COMMISSIONS ARE CALCULATED MONTHLY 16 17 Build Grow. PPR SVR GSV MVR 

M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 1 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 2 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R E S ID E N T IA L C O N S U LT A N T GENERATION 1 7 12 15 20 20 20 20 GENERATION 2 10 12 15 20 20 20 GENERATION 3 10 12 15 20 20 GENERATION 4 10 12 15 20 GENERATION 5 10 12 15 GENERATION 6 10 12 GENERATION 7 12 CAP PER MATCH US 1,000 US 2,500 US 5,000 US 7,500 US 10,000 US 15,000 US 15,000 When you are paid as a Managing Consultant 2 or higher in the month, you can receive a Leadership Match on qualified Generations. The Leadership Match is paid on your qualified Generations' Level Commissions. HOW GENERATIONS WORK Your Generation 1 is the first Consultant in any Leg in your team with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher. A Generation 2 is the next Consultant in that Leg with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher, and so on. LEADERSHIP MATCH IS CALCULATED MONTHLY MONTHLY LEADERSHIP MATCH CAN PAYOUT UP TO A MAXIMUM OF 9 OF MONTHLY GLOBAL CV. To calculate the Cap Per Match in local currency: Multiply the Cap Per Match amount in US by the current foreign-exchange currency conversion factor (also known as a PEG rate). For example, the Cap Per Match for a Managing Consultant 2 would be US 1,000 X 1.40 (theoretical AU conversion factor) = AU 1,400. Leadership Match When you reach the Leader level, you ve shown you truly know what it takes to succeed and have the skills to help mentor and motivate others. Keep cultivating your future leaders and helping them grow and you can earn substantial bonuses for building such a strong team. YOU MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 10 12 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 12 MANAGING CONSULTANT 1 12 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 IN PRACTICE In this example, as a Managing Consultant 3, you earn a 12 Leadership Match on your Generation 1 Consultants and a 10 match on your Generation 2 Consultants. Qualified Generations are based on Paid-as Ranks. You can have multiple Generation 1 Consultants within a Leg. The Leadership Match is paid in addition to any other bonuses and commissions you might already be earning. GENERATION 1 GENERATION 1 GENERATION 2 GENERATION 1 18 19 Lead. 

When you are paid as an Executive Consultant 1 or higher, you earn shares of our monthly Leadership Pool. This pool is made from 4 of global monthly CV. You receive shares based on your Paid-as Rank. The total pool amount is divided equally by the total number of monthly shares Consultants earn. Leadership Pool SHARES EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 1 1 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 3 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 3 5 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 4 10 PRESIDENTIAL CONSULTANT 20 LEADERSHIP POOL IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Notices 1. LifeVantage Australia Pty. Ltd is a subsidiary of LifeVantage Corporation, a publicly traded NASDAQ (LFVN) U.S. Direct Sales/Network Marketing company with a Multi-Level Marketing compensation plan that provides flexibility and opportunity for individuals to earn extra income based upon selling products to Customers. 2. The focus of the LifeVantage Compensation Plan is to pay bonuses and commissions to LifeVantage Consultants based upon their product sales and the product sales of LifeVantage Consultants in their personal marketing team to ultimate end using Customers. 3. LifeVantage products are not sold in retail stores and only licensed Consultants in Good Standing are authorized to sell LifeVantage products either directly from their own stock or indirectly through the company s online shopping cart at www.lifevantage.com. 4. The Consultant Agreement consists of the LifeVantage Compensation Plan, the LifeVantage Consultant Application and Agreement, the LifeVantage Policies and Procedures, the LifeVantage Virtual Office Agreement (Back Office Agreement), and the LifeVantage Privacy Policy and Website Use Agreement. The Consultant Agreement governs the contractual relationship and obligations of each LifeVantage Consultant to LifeVantage. 5. A LifeVantage Consultant may not personally purchase for themselves nor encourage Customers or other Consultants to purchase more inventory than each can personally consume and/or sell to their personal Customers each month. In addition, each LifeVantage Consultant personally agrees that they may not place a new order in any given month unless 70 of all orders from previous months have been sold or consumed through personal/family use. 6. The Consultants sales earnings disclosed are potential gross earnings and not net of other business expenses and not necessarily representative of the actual income, if any, that a Consultant can or will earn through the LifeVantage Compensation Plan. A Consultant's earnings will depend on the individual diligence, work effort, and market conditions. LifeVantage does not guarantee any income or Rank success. 7. Business Centers activated prior to March 1, 2023, and Active as of March 1, 2023, are eligible for the Customer Sales Profit, Personal Sales Bonus, Level Commissions, and Leadership Pool, based on the Rank for which that Business Center meets the monthly qualifications for. The Sales Volume Requirement to qualify the Business Center for Rank, Personal Sales Bonus, Level Commissions, and Leadership Pool will be 150. Business Centers are not a Generation for their upline, regardless of the Paid-as Rank of that Business Center. No Leadership Match Bonus is paid on a Business Center s earnings and a Business Center may not earn a Leadership Match. If a Business Center has the Paid-as Rank of MC1 or higher, they will not be considered in Generation counts. Beginning on March 1, 2023, no new Business Centers will be allowed, and all inactive Business Centers will be terminated and will not be reinstated. To remain Active, a Business Center must meet the 150 Sales Volume Requirement at least once every six months. 8. Beginning on March 1, 2023, a family unit may not enter into or have an interest in more than one LifeVantage Consultant Business. 9. For Leadership Match, if after the individual caps per match are applied the monthly Leadership Match payout exceed 9 of monthly global CV, then all monthly Leadership Match earnings will be adjusted down by an equal percentage in order to ensure that the monthly Leadership Match does not exceed 9 of monthly global CV. Lead. 20 21 

Evolve 2 0 23 L ife V an ta ge C or po ra tio n. A ll rig ht s re se rv ed . 2 30 30 8. 0 1 

This Transition Plan is designed to help you adjust to the Evolve Compensation Plan with a gradual shift toward the new Ranks, requirements, and behaviors. This will give you time to set new goals, adapt, and accelerate your business strategies as you move along a new path to achieving success. Adapt. Accelerate. Achieve. ADDENDUM TO THE AU EVOLVE COMPENSATION PLAN Evolve Transition Plan FOR LIFEVANTAGE CONSULTANTS This Transition Plan is effective March 1, 2023. The Evolve Consultant Path rules and requirements will take full effect September 1, 2023. Until all markets are moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan, Leader Pools will be calculated in the following manner: First, markets that have not yet moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan will have their leader pool shares calculated based on their current plan. Then, the remainder of global CV dedicated to the leader pools is used to pay out Evolve Compensation Plan Leader Pool shares. Until all markets are moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan, this rank map will be used to calculate earnings in the event you have earned commissions on an order placed in a market that has not yet moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan. Your Consultants' and Customers' purchases are commissioned based on their local market Compensation Plan. OLD TITLE OLD OV NEW TITLE NEW GSV DISTRIBUTOR CONSULTANT PRO 1 1,000 CONSULTANT 3 1,000 PRO 2 2,500 SENIOR CONSULTANT 1 2,000 PRO 3 5,000 SENIOR CONSULTANT 3 6,000 PRO 4 10,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 1 10,000 PRO 5 20,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 2 20,000 PRO 6 50,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 40,000 PRO 7 100,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 1 80,000 PRO 8 200,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 150,000 PRO 9 500,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 3 300,000 PRO 10+ 1,000,000 PRESIDENTIAL CONSULTANT 1,000,000 Effective March 1, 2023, Consultants will map to the following new Pin Ranks under the Evolve Compensation Plan: 1 

Effective March 1, 2023, through August 31, 2023, the following Consultant Path Transition Plan rules will take effect based on Paid-as Ranks as outlined below: C O N S U LT A N T 1 C O N S U LT A N T 2 C O N S U LT A N T 3 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 1 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 2 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 3 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 1 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 1 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 2 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R E S ID E N T IA L C O N S U LT A N T OLD PLAN RANKS PRO 1 PRO 2 PRO3 PRO 4 PRO 5 PRO 6 PRO 7 PRO 8 PRO 9 PRO 10 PERSONAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT NO TRANSITION 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT NEW PLAN 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 MARCH-MAY 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 JUNE - AUGUST NO TRANSITION 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 GROUP SALES VOLUME NO TRANSITION 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE NEW PLAN 750 (75 1,500 (75 2,500 (71 4,000 (67 6,000 (60 10,000 (50 20,000 (50 40,000 (50 67,500 (45 135,000 (45 270,000 (45 450,000 (45 MARCH - MAY 800 (80 1.600 (80 2,700 (77 4,500 (75 7,000 (70 12,000 (60 24,000 (60 48,000 (60 75,000 (50 150,000 (50 300,000 (50 450,000 (45 JUNE - AUGUST 11,000 (55 22,000 (55 44,000 (55 70,000 (47 140,000 (47 285,000 (48 450,000 (45 2 

</EX-10.1 2>

<EX-10.1 3>
 4
 evolve-nzl.htm
 EX-10.1 3

evolve-nzl 

Evolve COMPENSATION PLAN GUIDE FOR INDEPENDENT LIFEVANTAGE CONSULTANTS NEW ZEALAND Effective March 20, 2023 

activatedLife. It s complicated. Messy. Beautiful. It goes by fast, and you want to live life to the fullest. But everyday responsibilities, fears, or restrictions can hold you back. You deserve to break free. You deserve to be your best self and live a healthy, happy life on your terms. LifeVantage is here to help. Our products are purposefully designed to activate your body s ability to create vibrant health, starting at the cellular level. And when you look and feel your best, you ll want to help others do the same. LifeVantage activates financial wellness with the opportunity to grow a business that can change people s lives for the better. That s where Evolve creates possibilities. Evolve is a compensation plan that allows you to work part-time or full-time. Whether you are looking to simply share life-changing products or wanting to work and grow as a professional mentor and leader, being an Independent LifeVantage Consultant will positively challenge and reward you. Welcome to life IT S TIME TO LIVE WITH PURPOSE. IT S TIME TO INSPIRE REMARKABLE. IT S TIME TO LIVE ACTIVATED. LifeVantage does not promise the financial success of any Consultant. Your success depends on your skill, fortitude, dedication, and your ability to lead others to emulate these qualities. Nothing in this guide is a representation that you will be financially successful. LifeVantage does not guarantee any income or Rank success. 2 3 

WELCOME 2 KEY TERMS 4-5 THE CONSULTANT PATH 6-7 SHARE 3-Tier Pricing Customer Sales Profit Personal Sales Bonus 8 9 11 FAST TRACK BONUSES Customer Track Consultant Track Rank Advancement Track Enroller Track Mentor Bonus 12 12 13 14 15 BUILD GROW Level Comissions 16-17 LEAD Leadership Match Leadership Pool 18-19 20 LEGAL NOTICE 21 Table of Contents Key Terms ACTIVE You are considered an Active Consultant when your account is in Good Standing and you have met the 150 Sales Volume Requirement in that month, with at least 40 Sales Volume from personal purchases. COMMISSIONABLE VOLUME (CV) Commissionable Volume is the measurement on which most bonuses and commissions are paid. When you earn a percentage of volume, you earn a percentage of a product's CV. The numeric value for CV is typically obtained when Sales Volume is multiplied by the current applicable currency rate multiplier, except in cases where CV has been discounted for any reason. COMPRESSION A process by which CV for Level Commissions skips inactive Consultants and rolls up to the next Active Consultant. CUSTOMER SALES VOLUME (CSV) The Sales Volume originating from your Customers orders. DOWNLINE All of the Consultants sponsored into your genealogy are considered part of your downline. ENROLLER The LifeVantage Consultant who enrolls a new Customer or Consultant. Also known as the Enrollment Sponsor. ENROLLMENT TREE The line of Consultants consecutively linked through Consultant enrollment and not by placement. The Enrollment Tree does not include any Placement Sponsors. FAST TRACK PERIOD Your Fast Track Period includes the month you enroll and the following 3 full calendar months. GENERATION Consultants in your Enrollment Tree with the Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher are your Generations. A Generation 1 is the first Consultant in any downline with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher. A Generation 2 is the next Consultant in that Leg with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher, and so on. GOOD STANDING Good Standing means you are in compliance with the Consultant Agreement, including payment of any applicable renewal fees. GROUP SALES VOLUME (GSV) Group Sales Volume is the total Sales Volume from you and all the Consultants in your entire team. LEG A Leg begins with a Level 1 Consultant and includes all of the Consultants beneath them. You have as many Legs as you have Level 1 Consultants. LEVEL The location a Consultant has in your downline in relation to you. All of the Consultants directly below you in your Placement Tree are your Level 1. Consultants placed directly below your Level 1 Consultants are your Level 2, and so on. MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE (MVR) The maximum amount of GSV from any one Leg or from your own Personal Sales Volume and Customer Sales Volume that can count toward your monthly Rank qualification. PAID-AS RANK Your Paid-as Rank is the Rank for which you qualify each month. Your Paid-as Rank determines many of your bonuses. Your Paid-as Rank may be the same as or lower than your Pin depending on your monthly qualifications. PERSONAL SALES VOLUME (PSV) The Sales Volume originating from your personal orders. PIN RANK Your Pin rank is your recognition Rank and is the highest Rank you have achieved along the Consultant Path. Your Pin Rank is subject to reclassification once per year based on the maintenance requirements for that Rank. PLACEMENT SPONSOR If you place a new Consultant directly below you in your downline, you are the Enrollment Sponsor and Placement Sponsor. However, if you place a new Consultant below a downline Consultant in the Placement Tree, that downline Consultant becomes your new enrollee s Placement Sponsor. PLACEMENT TREE If you are a new Consultant's Enroller, you may place them directly below you in your downline or under any other downline Consultant s position. This is considered your Placement Tree, also referred to as your downline or team. QUALIFYING SALES VOLUME (QSV) The Sales Volume that counts toward your monthly Rank qualification. You can count up to 150 SV from your own personal purchases towards your monthly Sales Volume Requirement. RANK ADVANCING When you meet the qualifications to be paid as a Rank higher than your current Pin rank, you will advance to that higher Rank, and your Pin rank will be updated to reflect that new milestone. SALES VOLUME (SV) The numeric value attributed by LifeVantage to each commissionable product sold and/or purchased. SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT (SVR) The accumulation of your Customers Sales Volume and your Personal Sales Volume to meet your monthly Paid-as Rank requirement. UPLINE All of the Consultants above you in your Enrollment and/or Placement Tree. 4 5 

Evolve. Share. Build Grow. Lead. Your path as an Independent LifeVantage Consultant can lead to a world of possibilities. Start by sharing the LifeVantage products that you love with Customers to help them activate wellness and improve their health. The more you share, the more you ll grow as you find others who want to join you on the path with a business of their own. As you progress along the Consultant Path, your attention will shift to building and leading Consultants on your team who are ready to grow to the next stage of success. At every stage you ll evolve your earnings, yourself, and your life. HOW IT WORKS You must meet certain volume requirements to stay Active and earn bonuses and commissions. These requirements will change, along with the bonuses and commissions you can qualify for, as you move along the path and earn Rank advancements. As you reach the qualifications for a specific Rank, you will be recognized with your Pin Rank at that level for as long as you remain Active. However, your Paid-as Rank will fluctuate with your qualifications from month to month. SHARE People say our products are too good not to share! In the early stages of your business, begin with a strong emphasis on sharing our wellness products by selling to Customers. These sales are the fastest way to build your business and see speedy income. BUILD GROW By the time you reach Senior Consultant 1, you should begin spending more time finding new people to add to your team. Balance your efforts between selling and sponsoring, which is vital to your continued growth. The larger you grow your team, the more time you will spend building your business and helping your Consultants reach their own goals. C O N S U LT A N T C O N S U LT A N T 1 C O N S U LT A N T 2 C O N S U LT A N T 3 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 1 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 2 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 3 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 1 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 1 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 2 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R E S ID E N T IA L C O N S U LT A N T C C1 C2 C3 SC1 SC2 SC3 MC1 MC2 MC3 EC1 EC2 EC3 EC 4 PC1 PERSONAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 GROUP SALES VOLUME 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE 750 1,500 2,500 4,000 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 67,500 135,000 270,000 450,000 LEAD Leadership is more than the Rank next to your name. Teach by example how to build a successful LifeVantage business. Acknowledge, encourage, and lift your team members, and together you can enjoy the rewards of your shared success! The Consultant Path Evolve is uniquely designed to help LifeVantage Consultants develop confidence, community, and leadership. Each Rank advancement offers the opportunity to celebrate with increased earning possibilities. 6 7 

EACH LIFEVANTAGE PRODUCT HAS 3 PRICES. 03. CONSULTANT As a LifeVantage Consultant, you will always pay the lowest price approximately 20 off the One Time Retail price, regardless of the order type. 02. SUBSCRIPTION Subscription price is approximately a 10 discount from the One Time Retail. Products purchased by Customers on Subscription are eligible for the discount. 01. ONE TIME RETAIL The advertised Customer price for all products, whether purchased online or directly from you. Product Pricing Customer Sales Income allows you to earn commissions on every order. Here's how it works: When your Customers order LifeVantage products, you earn the difference between the price your Customer paid and the Consultant price. Your price as a Consultant is approximately 20 off of the One Time Retail price. Consultants are eligible for the lowest published price. IN PRACTICE In these examples, 2 Customers are ordering the same set of products. The Customer on the left purchases the products at the full GST-exclusive One Time Retail price of NZ 152. The GST- exclusive Consultant price for that order is NZ 121.60. So, you earn Customer Sales Income of NZ 30.40. The Customer on the right orders the same products on a Subscription order for the GST-exclusive Subscription price of NZ 136.80. The GST-exclusive Consultant price for that order is NZ 121.60. So, you earn Customer Sales Income of NZ 15.20. RETAIL SUB NZ 152 PURCHASE PRICE NZ 136.80 PURCHASE PRICE NZ 30.40 CUSTOMER SALES INCOME NZ 15.20 CUSTOMER SALES INCOME subtract NZ 121.60 CONSULTANT PRICE subtract NZ 121.60 CONSULTANT PRICE Sharing your excitement about LifeVantage and selling products to Customers is at the heart of being a Consultant. In addition to Customer Sales Income, you can earn up to 20 on total monthly product sales with the Personal Sales Bonus. Customer Sales Income Share. CUSTOMER SALES INCOME IS CALCULATED DAILY . It is important to note that while the published prices may be inclusive of Goods and Services Tax (GST), all bonuses and/or commissions are paid on GST-exclusive values only. May be disbursed three business days after the bonus calculation date to qualified Consultants who are in an eligible market and have reached the Pin Rank of Senior Consultant 1 or above. Consultants who are not qualified for daily disbursement will be paid their bonus earnings weekly. MUST BE ACTIVE TO QUALIFY 98 

Customers may cancel their Subscription to opt out of the program at any time. CUSTOMER SV BONUS TIER RECOGNITION TITLE 500 999.99 5 ONYX 1,000 1,999.99 10 EMERALD 2,000 3,999.99 15 SAPPHIRE 4,000+ 20 DIAMOND Personal Sales Bonus The Personal Sales Bonus rewards you on your personal Customer sales. When your personal Customer sales total 500 SV or more in a single month, you become eligible for an additional Personal Sales Bonus. The Bonus is paid on a percentage of CV. When you reach 500 Customer Sales Volume in a single month, you will be recognized with a special title before your Rank, starting with Onyx at 500 SV then changing to Emerald at 1000 SV, Sapphire at 2000 SV, and Diamond at 4000 SV and higher. IN PRACTICE For example, if your Customers order 2200 SV worth of products in the month, you are eligible for the 15 bonus tier. This bonus is paid on CV which takes into account promos or discounts Customers may have redeemed. Makes it simple for you to get repeat orders for recurring Customer Sales Volume. Makes it simple for Customers to get their wellness products delivered directly to their doorstep every month. Gives you exciting benefits to talk to your potential Customer about, including better pricing on their favorite products and automatic access to the LifeVantage Rewards Circle loyalty program. Simplifies managing Customer relationships because they will be added to LifeVantage communications and we can partner with you to let them know about new products and promotions. 1. 2. 3. 3 Benefits to Customer Subscription Share. To calculate bonus amount in local currency: SV is multiplied by the current foreign-exchange currency conversion factor (also known as PEG rate) to get the CV. CV is multiplied by the applicable bonus percentage. For this example, bonus is calculated as follows: 2200 SV X 1.52 (theoretical NZ currency conversion factor) X 15 = NZ 501.60. 2200 SV SAPPHIRE NZ 501.60 PERSONAL SALES BONUS you earn 15 of CV and the title of RETAIL SUB YOU PERSONAL SALES BONUS IS CALCULATED MONTHLY MUST BE ACTIVE TO QUALIFY 1110 

Consultant 01 Customer Track You earn NZ 76 for each set of 3 eligible Customers you enroll during your Fast Track Period. A Customer becomes eligible when they purchase at least 100 SV worth of products in the same calendar month that they become a Customer. To qualify for this bonus, you need to be Active in each of the months that your Customers first purchase. Calculation based on US 50 X 1.52 (theoretical NZ currency conversion factor) = NZ 76. 02 Consultant Track You earn NZ 76 for each set of 3 Consultants you enroll during your Fast Track Period. To qualify for this bonus, you need to be Active each month your Consultants enroll, and each Consultant must be Active in the month they enroll. Calculation based on US 50 X 1.52 (theoretical NZ currency conversion factor) = NZ 76. C C C For each set of 3 Customers who order 100 SV in their first purchase month For each set of 3 Consultants who are Active in their enrollment month YOU EARN NZ 76 YOU EARN NZ 76 RETAIL RETAIL SUB CHOOSE THE FAST TRACK! These bonuses can boost you right from the start. Your Fast Track Period begins the day you enroll as a Consultant and continues through the next 3 calendar months. YOU YOU CUSTOMER TRACK IS CALCULATED WEEKLY CONSULTANT TRACK IS CALCULATED WEEKLY 03 Rank Advancement Track 04 Accelerator Track When you reach the Rank of Senior Consultant 1 for the first time during your Fast Track Period, you will earn a NZ 152 Rank Advancement Bonus. Calculation based on US 100 X 1.52 (theoretical NZ currency conversion factor) = NZ 152. When you achieve any of the Fast Track Bonuses before the end of your first full calendar month as a Consultant, you will earn a NZ 76 bonus. Calculation based on US 50 X 1.52 (theoretical NZ currency conversion factor) = NZ 76. YOU EARN NZ 76 When you achieve any Fast Track Bonus before the end of your first full calendar month YOU YOU EARN NZ 152 When you advance to the Rank of SENIOR CONSULTANT 1 during your Fast Track Period YOU RANK ADVANCEMENT TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY ACCELERATOR TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY 12 13 fa st tr ac k bo nu se s CHOOSE THE FAST T R A C K N O W ! YO U H AV E 3 F U L L CA LE N D A R M O N T H S start now 

01 Rank Advancement Track 02 Accelerator Track Mentor Bonus If you are Paid-as Senior Consultant 1 or higher, you can earn a one-time NZ 76 Enroller Bonus anytime your newly enrolled consultant earns a Rank Advancement Bonus. Calculation based on US 50 X 1.52 (theoretical NZ currency conversion factor) = NZ 76. If you are Active, in the month a Consultant you enroll earns an Accelerator Track Bonus, you can earn a Nz 38 bonus as their Enroller. To qualify, you must be Active. Calculation based on US 25 X 1.52 (theoretical NZ currency conversion factor) = NZ 38. IN PRACTICE In this example, if your newly enrolled Consultant sells 500 SV during their Fast Track Period, you earn a 15 bonus. SV is multiplied by the current foreign-exchange currency conversion factor (also known as PEG rate) to get the CV. CV is multiplied by the applicable bonus percentage. For this example, the calculation would be: 500 SV X 1.52 (theoretical NZ currency conversion factor) X 15 = NZ 114. In order to receive any Mentor Bonus, you must be Active in the month your new Consultant qualifies. Earn 15 of all your new Consultant's CV from their Customer sales during their Fast Track Period. Must be active to qualify. Enroller RANK ADVANCEMENT TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Upline Enroller earns the Rank Advancement Bonus C ACCELERATOR TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Upline Enroller earns the Accelerator Track Bonus C You earn 15 of CV Your newly enrolled Consultant YOU C SELLS 500 SV NZ 114 MENTOR BONUS MENTOR BONUS IS CALCULATED MONTHLY ENROLLER EARNS NZ 76 ENROLLER EARNS NZ 38 Earn When You Help Others Win on The Fast Track The first few months of a new Consultant s business are critical to setting them up for a future of success. As their Enroller, work closely with them during their Fast Track Period to help them get started right and you could also earn bonuses. 14 15 fa st tr ac k bo nu se s 

You earn Level Commissions for building your team and teaching those you sponsor to create strong teams of their own. As an Active Consultant, you are paid a percentage of commissions from the CV of your team s sales. Your Paid-as Rank determines the percentages you earn and the number of levels on which you are eligible to receive a commission. HOW LEVELS WORK All of the Consultants directly below you in your Placement Tree are your Level 1. Consultants are paid Customers Sales Profit and Personal Sales Bonus on their personally enrolled Customer purchases. Enrollers are not eligible for a Level Commission on their personal Customers. Level Commissions Active Compression C O N S U LT A N T C O N S U LT A N T 1 C O N S U LT A N T 2 C O N S U LT A N T 3 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 1 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 2 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 3 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 1 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 1 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 2 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R E S ID E N T IA L C O N S U LT A N T C C1 C2 C3 SC1 SC2 SC3 MC1 MC2 MC3 EC1 EC2 EC3 EC 4 PC1 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 750 1,500 2,500 4,000 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 67,500 135,000 270,000 450,000 LEVEL 1 5 7 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 LEVEL 2 3 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 LEVEL 3 3 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 LEVEL 4 3 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 LEVEL 5 3 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 LEVEL 6 3 4 5 5 5 5 5 LEVEL 7 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 LEVEL 8 3 3 3 3 3 3 LEVEL 9 3 3 3 3 3 3 9 8 5 3 7 2 6 1 ORDER MC1 START HERE C1 C3 INACTIVE SC3 MC3 INACTIVE EC3 EC4 MC1 INACTIVE PRESIDENTIAL 4 YOU Active MC1 qualified to earn up to 5 Levels. They are Level 1, so they are paid 10 Active C1 is qualified to earn on only Level 1. This is Level 2, so they are not eligible and the Level 2 is not paid. Active C3 is qualified to earn on only 2 Levels. This is Level 3, so they are not eligible and Level 3 is not paid. Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 4 rolls up. Because the Consultant below you is inactive, you become Level 4 through Active Compression. As an Active SC3, you are qualified to earn at Level 4 and are paid 3 . Active MC3 qualified to earn on 9 Levels and paid on Level 5 at 6 . Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 6 rolls up. New Level 6 is an Active EC3 qualified to earn on 9 Levels. They are paid Level 6 at 5 . Active EC4 is paid on Level 7 at 4 . Active MC1 qualifies to earn only up to Level 5. Because this is Level 8, they are not eligible and Level 8 is not paid. Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 9 rolls up. Active PC is qualified for Level 9 and paid 3 . IN PRACTICE This example shows how volume could roll up in one Leg of a team. You re a Senior Consultant 3 at Level 5 above the Consultant who earned the volume. Starting from the bottom of the chart, you can see how CV flows up and what happens below and above you. KEY Qualified (Paid) Not Qualified (Not Paid) Inactive (Rolls Up) LEVEL COMMISSIONS ARE CALCULATED MONTHLY 16 17 Build Grow. PPR SVR GSV MVR 

M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 1 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 2 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R E S ID E N T IA L C O N S U LT A N T GENERATION 1 7 12 15 20 20 20 20 GENERATION 2 10 12 15 20 20 20 GENERATION 3 10 12 15 20 20 GENERATION 4 10 12 15 20 GENERATION 5 10 12 15 GENERATION 6 10 12 GENERATION 7 12 CAP PER MATCH US 1,000 US 2,500 US 5,000 US 7,500 US 10,000 US 15,000 US 15,000 When you are paid as a Managing Consultant 2 or higher in the month, you can receive a Leadership Match on qualified Generations. The Leadership Match is paid on your qualified Generations' Level Commissions. HOW GENERATIONS WORK Your Generation 1 is the first Consultant in any Leg in your team with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher. A Generation 2 is the next Consultant in that Leg with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher, and so on. LEADERSHIP MATCH IS CALCULATED MONTHLY MONTHLY LEADERSHIP MATCH CAN PAYOUT UP TO A MAXIMUM OF 9 OF MONTHLY GLOBAL CV. To calculate the Cap Per Match in local currency: Multiply the Cap Per Match amount in US by the current foreign-exchange currency conversion factor (also known as a PEG rate). For example, the Cap Per Match for a Managing Consultant 2 would be US 1,000 X 1.52 (theoretical NZ conversion factor) = NZ 1,520. Leadership Match When you reach the Leader level, you ve shown you truly know what it takes to succeed and have the skills to help mentor and motivate others. Keep cultivating your future leaders and helping them grow and you can earn substantial bonuses for building such a strong team. YOU MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 10 12 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 12 MANAGING CONSULTANT 1 12 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 IN PRACTICE In this example, as a Managing Consultant 3, you earn a 12 Leadership Match on your Generation 1 Consultants and a 10 match on your Generation 2 Consultants. Qualified Generations are based on Paid-as Ranks. You can have multiple Generation 1 Consultants within a Leg. The Leadership Match is paid in addition to any other bonuses and commissions you might already be earning. GENERATION 1 GENERATION 1 GENERATION 2 GENERATION 1 18 19 Lead. 

When you are paid as an Executive Consultant 1 or higher, you earn shares of our monthly Leadership Pool. This pool is made from 4 of global monthly CV. You receive shares based on your Paid-as Rank. The total pool amount is divided equally by the total number of monthly shares Consultants earn. Leadership Pool SHARES EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 1 1 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 3 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 3 5 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 4 10 PRESIDENTIAL CONSULTANT 20 LEADERSHIP POOL IS CALCULATED MONTHLY NoticesLead. 1. LifeVantage New Zealand Limited is a subsidiary of LifeVantage Corporation, a publicly traded NASDAQ (LFVN) U.S. Direct Sales/Network Marketing company with a Multi-Level Marketing compensation plan that provides flexibility and opportunity for individuals to earn extra income based upon selling products to Customers. 2. The focus of the LifeVantage Compensation Plan is to pay bonuses and commissions to LifeVantage Consultants based upon their product sales and the product sales of LifeVantage Consultants in their personal marketing team to ultimate end using Customers. 3. LifeVantage products are not sold in retail stores and only licensed Consultants in Good Standing are authorized to sell LifeVantage products either directly from their own stock or indirectly through the company s online shopping cart at www.lifevantage.com. 4. The Consultant Agreement consists of the LifeVantage Compensation Plan, the LifeVantage Consultant Application and Agreement, the LifeVantage Policies and Procedures, the LifeVantage Virtual Office Agreement (Back Office Agreement), and the LifeVantage Privacy Policy and Website Use Agreement. The Consultant Agreement governs the contractual relationship and obligations of each LifeVantage Consultant to LifeVantage. 5. A LifeVantage Consultant may not personally purchase for themselves nor encourage Customers or other Consultants to purchase more inventory than each can personally consume and/or sell to their personal Customers each month. In addition, each LifeVantage Consultant personally agrees that they may not place a new order in any given month unless 70 of all orders from previous months have been sold or consumed through personal/family use. 6. The Consultants sales earnings disclosed are potential gross earnings and not net of other business expenses and not necessarily representative of the actual income, if any, that a Consultant can or will earn through the LifeVantage Compensation Plan. A Consultant's earnings will depend on the individual diligence, work effort, and market conditions. LifeVantage does not guarantee any income or Rank success. 7. Business Centers activated prior to March 1, 2023, and Active as of March 1, 2023, are eligible for the Customer Sales Profit, Personal Sales Bonus, Level Commissions, and Leadership Pool, based on the Rank for which that Business Center meets the monthly qualifications for. The Sales Volume Requirement to qualify the Business Center for Rank, Personal Sales Bonus, Level Commissions, and Leadership Pool will be 150. Business Centers are not a Generation for their upline, regardless of the Paid-as Rank of that Business Center. No Leadership Match Bonus is paid on a Business Center s earnings and a Business Center may not earn a Leadership Match. If a Business Center has the Paid-as Rank of MC1 or higher, they will not be considered in Generation counts. Beginning on March 1, 2023, no new Business Centers will be allowed, and all inactive Business Centers will be terminated and will not be reinstated. To remain Active, a Business Center must meet the 150 Sales Volume Requirement at least once every six months. 8. Beginning on March 1, 2023, a family unit may not enter into or have an interest in more than one LifeVantage Consultant Business. 9. For Leadership Match, if after the individual caps per match are applied the monthly Leadership Match payout exceed 9 of monthly global CV, then all monthly Leadership Match earnings will be adjusted down by an equal percentage in order to ensure that the monthly Leadership Match does not exceed 9 of monthly global CV. 20 21 

Evolve 2 0 23 L ife V an ta ge C or po ra tio n. A ll rig ht s re se rv ed . 2 30 30 8. 0 1 

This Transition Plan is designed to help you adjust to the Evolve Compensation Plan with a gradual shift toward the new Ranks, requirements, and behaviors. This will give you time to set new goals, adapt, and accelerate your business strategies as you move along a new path to achieving success. Adapt. Accelerate. Achieve. ADDENDUM TO THE NZ EVOLVE COMPENSATION PLAN Evolve Transition Plan FOR LIFEVANTAGE CONSULTANTS This Transition Plan is effective March 1, 2023. The Evolve Consultant Path rules and requirements will take full effect September 1, 2023. Until all markets are moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan, Leader Pools will be calculated in the following manner: First, markets that have not yet moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan will have their leader pool shares calculated based on their current plan. Then, the remainder of global CV dedicated to the leader pools is used to pay out Evolve Compensation Plan Leader Pool shares. Until all markets are moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan, this rank map will be used to calculate earnings in the event you have earned commissions on an order placed in a market that has not yet moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan. Your Consultants' and Customers' purchases are commissioned based on their local market Compensation Plan. OLD TITLE OLD OV NEW TITLE NEW GSV DISTRIBUTOR CONSULTANT PRO 1 1,000 CONSULTANT 3 1,000 PRO 2 2,500 SENIOR CONSULTANT 1 2,000 PRO 3 5,000 SENIOR CONSULTANT 3 6,000 PRO 4 10,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 1 10,000 PRO 5 20,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 2 20,000 PRO 6 50,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 40,000 PRO 7 100,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 1 80,000 PRO 8 200,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 150,000 PRO 9 500,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 3 300,000 PRO 10+ 1,000,000 PRESIDENTIAL CONSULTANT 1,000,000 Effective March 1, 2023, Consultants will map to the following new Pin Ranks under the Evolve Compensation Plan: 1 

Effective March 1, 2023, through August 31, 2023, the following Consultant Path Transition Plan rules will take effect based on Paid-as Ranks as outlined below: C O N S U LT A N T 1 C O N S U LT A N T 2 C O N S U LT A N T 3 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 1 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 2 S E N IO R C O N S U LT A N T 3 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 1 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 1 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 2 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 3 E X E C U T IV E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R E S ID E N T IA L C O N S U LT A N T OLD PLAN RANKS PRO 1 PRO 2 PRO3 PRO 4 PRO 5 PRO 6 PRO 7 PRO 8 PRO 9 PRO 10 PERSONAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT NO TRANSITION 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT NEW PLAN 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 MARCH-MAY 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 JUNE - AUGUST NO TRANSITION 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 GROUP SALES VOLUME NO TRANSITION 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE NEW PLAN 750 (75 1,500 (75 2,500 (71 4,000 (67 6,000 (60 10,000 (50 20,000 (50 40,000 (50 67,500 (45 135,000 (45 270,000 (45 450,000 (45 MARCH - MAY 800 (80 1.600 (80 2,700 (77 4,500 (75 7,000 (70 12,000 (60 24,000 (60 48,000 (60 75,000 (50 150,000 (50 300,000 (50 450,000 (45 JUNE - AUGUST 11,000 (55 22,000 (55 44,000 (55 70,000 (47 140,000 (47 285,000 (48 450,000 (45 2 

</EX-10.1 3>

<EX-10.1 4>
 5
 evolve-jpn.htm
 EX-10.1 4

evolve-jpn 

Evolve COMPENSATION PLAN GUIDE FOR INDEPENDENT LIFEVANTAGE CONSULTANTS JAPAN Effective March 1, 2023 

activatedLife. It s complicated. Messy. Beautiful. It goes by fast, and you want to live life to the fullest. But everyday responsibilities, fears, or restrictions can hold you back. You deserve to break free. You deserve to be your best self and live a healthy, happy life on your terms. LifeVantage is here to help. Our products are purposefully designed to activate your body s ability to create vibrant health, starting at the cellular level. And when you look and feel your best, you ll want to help others do the same. LifeVantage activates financial wellness with the opportunity to grow a business that can change people s lives for the better. That s where Evolve creates possibilities. Whether you are looking to simply share life-changing products or wanting to work and grow as a professional mentor and leader, being an Independent LifeVantage Consultant will positively challenge and reward you. Welcome to life IT S TIME TO LIVE WITH PURPOSE. IT S TIME TO INSPIRE REMARKABLE. IT S TIME TO LIVE ACTIVATED. LifeVantage does not promise the financial success of any Consultant. Your success depends on your skill, fortitude, dedication, and your ability to lead others to emulate these qualities. Nothing in this guide is a representation that you will be financially successful. LifeVantage does not guarantee any income or Rank success. The financial results achieved by LifeVantage Consultants are published on LifeVantage s Income Disclosure Statement at www.lifevantage.com/us-en.earn. 2 3 

WELCOME 2 KEY TERMS 4-5 THE CONSULTANT PATH 6-7 SHARE 3-Tier Pricing Customer Sales Profit Personal Sales Bonus 8 9 11 FAST TRACK BONUSES Customer Track Consultant Track Rank Advancement Track Enroller Track Mentor Bonus 12 12 13 14 15 BUILD GROW Level Comissions 16-17 LEAD Leadership Match Leadership Pool 18-19 20 LEGAL NOTICE 21 ACTIVE You are considered an Active Consultant when your account is in Good Standing and you have met the 150 Sales Volume Requirement in that month, with at least 40 SV from personal purchases. COMMISSIONABLE VOLUME (CV) Commissionable Volume is the measurement on which most bonuses and commissions are paid. When you earn a percentage of volume, you earn a percentage of a product's CV. The numeric value for CV is typically obtained when SV is multiplied by the then current applicable currency rate multiplier, except in cases where CV has been discounted for any reason. COMPRESSION A process by which CV for Level Commissions skips inactive Consultants and rolls up to the next Active Consultant. CUSTOMER SALES VOLUME (CSV) The Sales Volume originating from your Customers orders. DOWNLINE All of the Consultants sponsored into your genealogy are considered part of your downline. ENROLLER The LifeVantage Consultant who enrolls a new Customer or Consultant. Also known as the Enrollment Sponsor. ENROLLMENT TREE The line of Consultants consecutively linked through Consultant enrollment and not by placement. The Enrollment Tree does not include any Placement Sponsors. FAST TRACK PERIOD Your Fast Track Period includes the month you enroll and the following 3 full calendar months. GENERATION Consultants in your Enrollment Tree with the Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher are your Generations. A Generation 1 is the first Consultant in any downline with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher. A Generation 2 is the next Consultant in that Leg with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher, and so on. Table of Contents Key Terms GOOD STANDING Good Standing means you are in compliance with the Consultant Agreement, including payment of any applicable renewal fees. GROUP SALES VOLUME (GSV) Group Sales Volume is the total Sales Volume from you and all the Consultants in your entire team. LEG A Leg begins with a Level 1 Consultant and includes all of the Consultants beneath them. You have as many Legs as you have Level 1 Consultants. LEVEL The location a Consultant has in your downline in relation to you. All of the Consultants directly below you in your Placement Tree are your Level 1. Consultants placed directly below your Level 1 Consultants are your Level 2, and so on. MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE (MVR) The maximum amount of GSV from any one Leg or from your own Personal Sales Volume and Customer Sales Volume that can count toward your monthly Rank qualification. PAID-AS RANK Your Paid-as Rank is the Rank for which you qualify each month. Your Paid-as Rank determines many of your bonuses. Your Paid-as Rank may be the same as or lower than your Pin depending on your monthly qualifications. PERSONAL SALES VOLUME (PSV) The Sales Volume originating from your personal orders. PIN RANK Your Pin rank is your recognition Rank and is the highest Rank you have achieved along the Consultant Path. Your Pin Rank is subject to reclassification once per year based on the maintenance requirements for that Rank. PLACEMENT SPONSOR If you place a new Consultant directly below you in your downline, you are the Enrollment Sponsor and Placement Sponsor. However, if you place a new Consultant below a downline Consultant in the Placement Tree, that downline Consultant becomes your new enrollee s Placement Sponsor. PLACEMENT TREE If you are a new Consultant's Enroller, you may place them directly below you in your downline or under any other downline Consultant s position. This is considered your Placement Tree, also referred to as your downline or team. QUALIFYING SALES VOLUME (QSV) The Sales Volume that counts toward your monthly Rank qualification. You can count up to 150 SV from your own personal purchases towards your monthly Sales Volume Requirement. RANK ADVANCING When you meet the qualifications to be paid as a Rank higher than your current Pin rank, you will advance to that higher Rank, and your Pin rank will be updated to reflect that new milestone. SALES VOLUME (SV) The numeric value attributed by LifeVantage to each commissionable product sold and/or purchased. SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT (SVR) The accumulation of your Customers Sales Volume and your Personal Sales Volume to meet your monthly Paid-as Rank requirement. UPLINE All of the Consultants above you in your Enrollment and/or Placement Tree. 4 5 

Evolve. Share. Build Grow. Lead. Your path as an Independent LifeVantage Consultant can lead to a world of possibilities. Start by sharing the LifeVantage products that you love with Customers to help them activate wellness and improve their health. The more you share, the more you ll grow as you find others who want to join you on the path with a business of their own. As you progress along the Consultant Path, your attention will shift to building and leading Consultants on your team who are ready to grow to the next stage of success. At every stage you ll evolve your earnings, yourself, and your life. HOW IT WORKS You must meet certain volume requirements to stay Active and earn bonuses and commissions. These requirements will change, along with the bonuses and commissions you can qualify for, as you move along the path and earn Rank advancements. As you reach the qualifications for a specific Rank, you will be recognized with your Pin Rank at that level for as long as you remain Active. However, your Paid-as Rank will fluctuate with your qualifications from month to month. SHARE People say our products are too good not to share! In the early stages of your business, begin with a strong emphasis on sharing our wellness products by selling to Customers. These sales are the fastest way to build your business and see a speedy profit. BUILD GROW By the time you reach Senior Consultant 1, you should begin spending more time finding new people to add to your team. Balance your efforts between selling and sponsoring, which is vital to your continued growth. The larger you grow your team, the more time you will spend building your business and helping your Consultants reach their own goals. LEAD Leadership is more than the Rank next to your name. Teach by example how to build a successful LifeVantage business. Acknowledge, encourage, and lift your team members, and together you can enjoy the rewards of your shared success! The Consultant Path Evolve is uniquely designed to help LifeVantage Consultants develop confidence, community, and leadership. Each Rank advancement offers the opportunity to celebrate with increased earning possibilities. C O N S U LT A N T C O N S U LT A N T 1 C O N S U LT A N T 2 C O N S U LT A N T 3 S EN IO R C O N S U LT A N T 1 S EN IO R C O N S U LT A N T 2 S EN IO R C O N S U LT A N T 3 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 1 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 1 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 2 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R ES ID EN TI A L C O N S U LT A N T C C1 C2 C3 SC1 SC2 SC3 MC1 MC2 MC3 EC1 EC2 EC3 EC 4 PC1 PERSONAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 GROUP SALES VOLUME 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE 750 1,500 2,500 4,000 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 67,500 135,000 270,000 450,000 6 7 

EACH LIFEVANTAGE PRODUCT HAS 3 PRICES. 03. CONSULTANT As a LifeVantage Consultant, you will always pay the lowest price approximately 20 off the One Time Retail price, regardless of the order type. 02. SUBSCRIPTION Subscription price is approximately a 10 discount from the One Time Retail price. Products purchased by Customers on Subscription are eligible for the discount. 01. ONE TIME RETAIL The advertised Customer price for all products, whether purchased online or directly from you. Product Pricing Customer Sales Profit allows you to earn commissions on every order. Here's how it works: When your Customers order LifeVantage products, you earn the difference between the VAT- exclusive price your Customer paid and the VAT- exclusive Consultant price. Your price as a Consultant is approximately 20 off of the One Time Retail price. Consultants are eligible for the lowest published price. IN PRACTICE In these examples, 2 Customers are ordering the same set of products. The Customer on the left purchases the products at the full VAT- exclusive One Time Retail price of 12,000. The VAT- exclusive Consultant price for that order is 9,600. So, you earn a Customer Sales Profit of 2,400. The Customer on the right orders the same products on a Subscription order for the VAT- exclusive Subscription price of 10,800. The VAT- exclusive Consultant price for that order is 9,600. So, you earn a Customer Sales Profit of 1,200. RETAIL SUB 100 PURCHASE PRICE 90 PURCHASE PRICE 20 CUSTOMER SALES PROFIT 10 CUSTOMER SALES PROFIT subtract 80 CONSULTANT PRICE subtract 80 CONSULTANT PRICE Sharing your excitement about LifeVantage and selling products to Customers is at the heart of being a Consultant. In addition to Customer Sales Profit, you can earn up to 20 on total monthly product sales with the Personal Sales Bonus. Customer Sales Profit Share. CUSTOMER SALES PROFIT IS CALCULATED DAILY . Please note that published prices do not include Value-Added Tax (VAT), and any bonuses or commissions are paid on VAT-exclusive values. MUST BE ACTIVE TO QUALIFY 98 

Customers may cancel their Subscription to opt out of the program at any time. CUSTOMER SV BONUS TIER RECOGNITION TITLE 500 999.99 5 ONYX 1,000 1,999.99 10 EMERALD 2,000 3,999.99 15 SAPPHIRE 4,000+ 20 DIAMOND Personal Sales Bonus The Personal Sales Bonus rewards you on your personal Customer sales. When your personal Customer sales total 500 SV or more in a single month, you become eligible for an additional Personal Sales Bonus. Bonus is paid on a percentage of Commissionable Volume (CV). When you reach 500 Customer Sales Volume in a single month, you will be recognized with a special title before your Rank, starting with Onyx at 500 SV then changing to Emerald at 1000 SV, Sapphire at 2000 SV, and Diamond at 4000 SV and higher. IN PRACTICE For example, if your Customers order 2200 SV worth of products in the month, you are eligible for the 15 bonus tier. This bonus is paid on CV which takes into account promos or discounts Customers may have redeemed. To calculate bonus amount in local currency: SV is multiplied by the current foreign-exchange currency conversion factor (also known as PEG rate) to get the CV. CV is multiplied by the applicable bonus percentage. For this example, bonus is calculated as follows: 2200 SV X 120 (theoretical currency conversion factor) X 15 = 39,600. Makes it simple for you to get repeat orders for recurring Customer Sales Volume. Makes it simple for Customers to get their wellness products delivered directly to their doorstep every month. Gives you exciting benefits to talk to your potential Customer about, including better pricing on their favorite products and automatic access to the LifeVantage Rewards Circle loyalty program. Simplifies managing Customer relationships because they will be added to LifeVantage communications and we can partner with you to let them know about new products and promotions. 1. 2. 3. 3 Benefits to Customer Subscription Share. PERSONAL SALES BONUS IS CALCULATED MONTHLY MUST BE ACTIVE TO QUALIFY 1110 2200 SV SAPPHIRE 39,600 PERSONAL SALES BONUS you earn 15 of CV and the title of RETAIL SUB YOU 

Consultant 01 Customer Track You earn 6,000 for each set of 3 eligible Customers you enroll during your Fast Track Period. A Customer becomes eligible when they purchase at least 100 SV worth of products in the same calendar month that they become a Customer. To qualify for this bonus, you need to be Active in each of the months that your Customers first purchase. Calculation based on US 50 X 120 (theoretical JP currency conversion factor) = 6,000. 02 Consultant Track You earn 6,000 for each set of 3 Consultants you enroll during your Fast Track Period. To qualify for this bonus, you need to be Active each month your Consultants enroll, and each Consultant must be Active in the month they enroll. Calculation based on US 50 X 120 (theoretical JP currency conversion factor) = 6,000. C C C For each set of 3 Customers who order 100 SV in their first purchase month For each set of 3 Consultants who are Active in their enrollment month YOU EARN 50 YOU EARN 50 RETAIL RETAIL SUB CHOOSE THE FAST TRACK! These bonuses can boost you right from the start. Your Fast Track Period begins the day you enroll as a Consultant and continues through the next 3 calendar months. YOU YOU CUSTOMER TRACK IS CALCULATED WEEKLY CONSULTANT TRACK IS CALCULATED WEEKLY 03 Rank Advancement Track 04 Accelerator Track When you reach the Rank of Senior Consultant 1 for the first time during your Fast Track Period, you will earn a 12,000 Rank Advancement Bonus. Calculation based on US 100 X 120 (theoretical JP currency conversion factor) = 12,000. When you achieve any of the Fast Track Bonuses before the end of your first full calendar month as a Consultant, you will earn a 6,000 bonus. Calculation based on US 50 X 120 (theoretical JP currency conversion factor) = 6,000. YOU EARN 50 When you achieve any Fast Track Bonus before the end of your first full calendar month YOU YOU EARN 100 When you advance to the Rank of SENIOR CONSULTANT 1 during your Fast Track Period YOU RANK ADVANCEMENT TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY ACCELERATOR TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY 12 13 fa st tr ac k bo nu se s CHOOSE THE FAST T R A C K N O W ! YO U H AV E 3 F U L L CALEN D A R M O N T H S start now 

01 Rank Advancement Track 02 Accelerator Track Mentor Bonus When you achieve any of the Fast Track Bonuses before the end of your first full calendar month as a Consultant, you will earn a 6,000 bonus. Calculation based on US 50USD X 120 (theoretical JP currency conversion factor) = 6,000. When a Consultant you enroll earns an Accelerator Track Bonus, you can earn a 3,000 bonus as their Enroller. To qualify, you must be Active and have met a minimum 500 SV in personal product purchases in your enrollment month, or any calendar month thereafter. Calculation based on US 25 X 120 (theoretical JP currency conversion factor) = 6,000 IN PRACTICE In this example, if your newly enrolled Consultant sells 500 SV during their Fast Track Period, you earn a 15 bonus. To calculate bonus amount in local currency: SV is multiplied by the current foreign-exchange currency conversion factor (also known as PEG rate) to get the CV. CV is multiplied by the applicable bonus percentage. For this example, the calculation would be: 500 SV X 120 (theoretical JP currency conversion factor) X 15 = 9,000. Earn 15 of all your new Consultant's CV from their Customer sales during their Fast Track Period. Enroller RANK ADVANCEMENT TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Upline Enroller earns the Rank Advancement Bonus C ACCELERATOR TRACK IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Upline Enroller earns the Accelerator Track Bonus C You earn 15 of CV Your newly enrolled Consultant YOU C SELLS 500 SV 9,000 MENTOR BONUS MENTOR BONUS IS CALCULATED MONTHLY ENROLLER EARNS 50 ENROLLER EARNS 25 Earn When You Help Others Win on The Fast Track The first few months of a new Consultant s business are critical to setting them up for a future of success. As their Enroller, work closely with them during their Fast Track Period to help them get started right and you could also earn bonuses. To qualify, you must be active and have met a minimum 500 SV in personal product purchases in your enrollment month, or any calendar month thereafter. 14 15 fa st tr ac k bo nu se s 

You earn Level Commissions for building your team and teaching those you sponsor to create strong teams of their own. As an Active Consultant, you are paid a percentage of commissions from the CV of your team s sales. Your Paid-as Rank determines the percentages you earn and the number of levels on which you are eligible to receive a commission. HOW LEVELS WORK All of the Consultants directly below you in your Placement Tree are your Level 1. Consultants are paid Customers Sales Profit and Personal Sales Bonus on their personally enrolled Customer purchases. Enrollers are not eligible for a Level Commission on their personal Customers. Level Commissions Active Compression C O N S U LT A N T C O N S U LT A N T 1 C O N S U LT A N T 2 C O N S U LT A N T 3 S EN IO R C O N S U LT A N T 1 S EN IO R C O N S U LT A N T 2 S EN IO R C O N S U LT A N T 3 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 1 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 1 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 2 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R ES ID EN TI A L C O N S U LT A N T C C1 C2 C3 SC1 SC2 SC3 MC1 MC2 MC3 EC1 EC2 EC3 EC 4 PC1 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 750 1,500 2,500 4,000 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 67,500 135,000 270,000 450,000 LEVEL 1 5 7 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 LEVEL 2 3 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 LEVEL 3 3 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 LEVEL 4 3 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 LEVEL 5 3 5 6 6 6 6 6 6 LEVEL 6 3 4 5 5 5 5 5 LEVEL 7 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 LEVEL 8 3 3 3 3 3 3 LEVEL 9 3 3 3 3 3 3 9 8 5 3 7 2 6 1 ORDER MC1 START HERE C1 C3 INACTIVE SC3 MC3 INACTIVE EC3 EC4 MC1 INACTIVE PRESIDENTIAL 4 YOU Active MC1 qualified to earn up to 5 Levels. They are Level 1, so they are paid 10 Active C1 is qualified to earn on only 1 Level. This is Level 2, so they are not eligible and the Level 2 is not paid. Active C3 is qualified to earn on only 2 Levels. This is Level 3, so they are not eligible and Level 3 is not paid. Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 4 rolls up. Because the Consultant below you is inactive, you become Level 4 through Active Compression. As an Active SC3, you are qualified to earn at Level 4 and are paid 3 . Active MC3 qualified to earn on 9 Levels and paid on Level 5 at 6 . Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 6 rolls up. New Level 6 is an Active EC3 qualified to earn on 9 Levels. They are paid Level 6 at 5 . Active EC4 is paid on Level 7 at 4 . Active MC1 qualifies to earn only up to Level 5. Because this is Level 8, they are not eligible and Level 8 is not paid. Inactive. Through Active Compression, this Level is not qualified and Level 9 rolls up. Active PC is qualified for Level 9 and paid 3 . IN PRACTICE This example shows how volume could roll up in one Leg of a team. You re a Senior Consultant 3 at Level 5 above the Consultant who earned the volume. Starting from the bottom of the chart, you can see how CV flows up and what happens below and above you. KEY Qualified (Paid) Not Qualified (Not Paid) Inactive (Rolls Up) LEVEL COMMISSIONS CALCULATED MONTHLY 16 17 Build Grow. PPR SVR GSV MVR 

M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 1 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 2 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R ES ID EN TI A L C O N S U LT A N T GENERATION 1 7 12 15 20 20 20 20 GENERATION 2 10 12 15 20 20 20 GENERATION 3 10 12 15 20 20 GENERATION 4 10 12 15 20 GENERATION 5 10 12 15 GENERATION 6 10 12 GENERATION 7 12 CAP PER MATCH US 1,000 US 2,500 US 5,000 US 7,500 US 10,000 US 15,000 US 15,000 When you are paid as a Managing Consultant 2 or higher in the month, you can receive a Leadership Match on qualified Generations. The Leadership Match is paid on your qualified Generations' Level Commissions. HOW GENERATIONS WORK Your Generation 1 is the first Consultant in any Leg in your team with a Paid-as Rank of Managing Consultant 1 or higher. A Generation 2 is the next Consultant in that Leg with a Paid-as Rank of Manager Consultant 1 or higher, and so on. LEADERSHIP MATCH IS CALCULATED MONTHLY To calculate the Cap Per Match in local currency: Multiply the Cap Per Match amount in US by the current foreign-exchange currency conversion factor (also known a s PEG rate). For example, the Cap Per Match for a Managing Consultant 2 would be US 1,000 X 120 (theoretical JPN conversion factor) = 12000 Leadership Match When you reach the Leader level, you ve shown you truly know what it takes to succeed and have the skills to help mentor and motivate others. Keep cultivating your future leaders and helping them grow and you can earn substantial bonuses for building such a strong team. YOU MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 10 12 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 12 MANAGING CONSULTANT 1 12 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 IN PRACTICE In this example, as a Managing Consultant 3, you earn a 12 Leadership Match on your Generation 1 Consultants and a 10 match on your Generation 2 Consultants. Qualified Generations are based on Paid-as Ranks. You can have multiple Generation 1 Consultants within a Leg. The Leadership Match is paid in addition to any other bonuses and commissions you might already be earning. GENERATION 1 GENERATION 1 GENERATION 2 GENERATION 1 18 19 Lead. 

When you are paid as an Executive Consultant 1 or higher, you earn shares of our monthly Leadership Pool. This pool is made from 4 of global monthly CV. You receive shares based on your Paid-as Rank. The total pool amount is divided equally by the total number of monthly shares Consultants earn. Leadership Pool SHARES EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 1 1 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 3 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 3 5 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 4 10 PRESIDENTIAL CONSULTANT 20 LEADERSHIP POOL IS CALCULATED MONTHLY Notices 1. LifeVantage Japan KK, subsidiary of LifeVantage Corporation, is a publicly traded NASDAQ (LFVN) Direct Sales/Network Marketing company with a Multi-Level Marketing compensation plan that provides flexibility and opportunity for individuals to earn extra income based upon selling products to Customers. 2. The focus of the LifeVantage Compensation Plan is to pay bonuses and commissions to LifeVantage Consultants based upon their product sales and the product sales of LifeVantage Consultants in their personal marketing team to ultimate end using Customers. 3. LifeVantage products are not sold in retail stores and only licensed Consultants in Good Standing are authorized to sell LifeVantage products either directly from their own stock or indirectly through the company s online shopping cart at www.lifevantage.com. 4. The Consultant Agreement consists of the LifeVantage Compensation Plan, the Income Disclosure Statement, the LifeVantage Consultant Application and Agreement, the LifeVantage Policies and Procedures, the LifeVantage Virtual Office Agreement (Back Office Agreement), and the LifeVantage Privacy Policy and Website Use Agreement. The Consultant Agreement governs the contractual relationship and obligations of each LifeVantage Consultant to LifeVantage. 5. A LifeVantage Consultant may not personally purchase for themselves nor encourage Customers or other Consultants to purchase more inventory than each can personally consume and/or sell to their personal Customers each month. In addition, each LifeVantage Consultant personally agrees that they may not place a new order in any given month unless 70 of all orders from previous months have been sold or consumed through personal/family use. 6. A LifeVantage Consultant must disclose the Income Disclosure Statement when making any earnings representations which can be found at the following link: www.lifevantage.com/us-en.earn. 7. The Consultants sales earnings disclosed are potential gross earnings and not net of other business expenses and not necessarily representative of the actual income, if any, that a Consultant can or will earn through the LifeVantage Compensation Plan. A Consultant's earnings will depend on the individual diligence, work effort, and market conditions. LifeVantage does not guarantee any income or Rank success. See the Income Disclosure Statement for detailed earnings information. 8. Beginning on 1 March 2023 no new Business Centers will be allowed, and all existing Business Centers, whether Active or not, will be terminated and will not be reinstated. Any accounts that were placed or enrolled directly below the Business Center will be placed and/or enrolled under the main account. Lead. 20 21 

Notes 22 23 

Evolve 2 02 2 Li fe Va nt ag e C or po ra tio n. A ll rig ht s re se rv ed . 

This Transition Plan is designed to help you adjust to the Evolve Compensation Plan with a gradual shift toward the new Ranks, requirements, and behaviors. This will give you time to set new goals, adapt, and accelerate your business strategies as you move along a new path to achieving success. Adapt. Accelerate. Achieve. ADDENDUM TO THE JPN EVOLVE COMPENSATION PLAN Evolve Transition Plan FOR LIFEVANTAGE CONSULTANTS This Transition Plan is effective March 1, 2023. The Evolve Consultant Path rules and requirements will take full effect September 1, 2023. Until all markets are moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan, Leader Pools will be calculated in the following manner: First, markets that have not yet moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan will have their leader pool shares calculated based on their current plan. Then, the remainder of global CV dedicated to the leader pools is used to pay out Evolve Compensation Plan Leader Pool shares. Until all markets are moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan, this rank map will be used to calculate earnings in the event you have earned commissions on an order placed in a market that has not yet moved to the Evolve Compensation Plan. Your Consultants' and Customers' purchases are commissioned based on their local market Compensation Plan. OLD TITLE OLD OV NEW TITLE NEW GSV DISTRIBUTOR CONSULTANT PRO 1 1,000 CONSULTANT 3 1,000 PRO 2 2,500 SENIOR CONSULTANT 1 2,000 PRO 3 5,000 SENIOR CONSULTANT 3 6,000 PRO 4 10,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 1 10,000 PRO 5 20,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 2 20,000 PRO 6 50,000 MANAGING CONSULTANT 3 40,000 PRO 7 100,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 1 80,000 PRO 8 200,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 2 150,000 PRO 9 500,000 EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT 3 300,000 PRO 10+ 1,000,000 PRESIDENTIAL CONSULTANT 1,000,000 Effective March 1, 2023, Consultants will map to the following new Pin Ranks under the Evolve Compensation Plan: 1 

Effective March 1, 2023, through August 31, 2023, the following Consultant Path Transition Plan rules will take effect based on Paid-as Ranks as outlined below: C O N S U LT A N T 1 C O N S U LT A N T 2 C O N S U LT A N T 3 S EN IO R C O N S U LT A N T 1 S EN IO R C O N S U LT A N T 2 S EN IO R C O N S U LT A N T 3 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 1 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 2 M A N A G IN G C O N S U LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 1 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 2 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 3 EX EC U TI V E C O N S U LT A N T 4 P R ES ID EN TI A L C O N S U LT A N T OLD PLAN RANKS PRO 1 PRO 2 PRO3 PRO 4 PRO 5 PRO 6 PRO 7 PRO 8 PRO 9 PRO 10 PERSONAL PURCHASE REQUIREMENT NO TRANSITION 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 40 SALES VOLUME REQUIREMENT NEW PLAN 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 MARCH-MAY 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 200 200 200 200 200 200 200 JUNE - AUGUST NO TRANSITION 150 200 250 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 300 GROUP SALES VOLUME NO TRANSITION 500 1,000 2,000 3,500 6,000 10,000 20,000 40,000 80,000 150,000 300,000 600,000 1,000,000 MAXIMUM VOLUME RULE NEW PLAN 750 (75 1,500 (75 2,500 (71 4,000 (67 6,000 (60 10,000 (50 20,000 (50 40,000 (50 67,500 (45 135,000 (45 270,000 (45 450,000 (45 MARCH - MAY 800 (80 1.600 (80 2,700 (77 4,500 (75 7,000 (70 14,000 (70 28,000 (70 56,000 (70 105,000 (70 210,000 (70 420,000 (70 450,000 (45 JUNE - AUGUST 14,000 (70 28,000 (70 56,000 (70 105,000 (70 210,000 (70 420,000 (70 450,000 (45 2 

</EX-10.1 4>

<EX-10.3>
 6
 a2017ltip-amended.htm
 EX-10.3

a2017ltip-amended 

1 LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION 2017 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (Adopted on December 6, 2016, Effective on February 16, 2017 and Amended on November 16, 2017, January 19, 2018, September 20, 2018, August 27, 2020 and September 19, 2022) SECTION 1. INTRODUCTION The Board adopted the LifeVantage Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan on the Adoption Date conditioned upon and subject to obtaining Company stockholder approval. Stockholder approval for the Plan was obtained on February 16, 2017. The Board amended the Plan on November 16, 2017 and January 19, 2018, pursuant to which 425,000 Shares in the aggregate were added to the reserve under the Plan, such that the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (and pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options) shall be 1,550,000 Shares (the 2017/2018 Amendment ). The 2017/2018 Amendment was approved by the Company s stockholders on February 2, 2018. On September 20, 2018, the Board further amended the Plan to add 715,000 Shares to the reserve under the Plan and increase the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (and pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options) from 1,550,000 Shares to 2,265,000 (the September 2018 Amendment ). The September 2018 Amendment was approved by the Company s stockholders on November 15, 2018. On August 27, 2020, the Board further amended the Plan to add 650,000 Shares to the reserve under the Plan to increase the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (and pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options) from 2,265,000 to 2,915,000 (the August 2020 Amendment ). The August 2020 Amendment was approved by the Company s stockholders on November 12, 2020. On September 19, 2022, the Board further amended the Plan to (i) add 1,052,000 Shares to the reserve under the Plan to increase the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (and pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options) from 2,915,000 to 3,967,000, (ii) amend the share recycling provisions set forth in Section 5(b) and (iii) amend the vesting acceleration provisions applicable to Awards upon a Change in Control in Section 12 (the September 2022 Amendment ). The September 2022 Amendment was approved by the Company s stockholders on November 10, 2022. The purposes of the Plan are to (i) attract and retain the services of persons eligible to participate in the Plan; (ii) motivate Selected Employees, by means of appropriate equity and performance based incentives, to achieve long-term performance goals; (iii) provide equity and performance based incentive compensation opportunities that are competitive with those of other similar companies; and (iv) further align Participants' interests with those of the Company's other stockholders and thereby promote the financial interests of the Company and its affiliates and enhancement of stockholder return. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for Awards in the form of Options (which may constitute Incentive Stock Options or Non statutory Stock Options), Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Grants, Stock Units and/or Cash Awards, as well as any other form of equity award consistent with the terms of the Plan. Capitalized terms shall have the meaning provided in Section 2 unless otherwise provided in this Plan or any related Award Agreement. SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS (a) Adoption Date means December 6, 2016. (b) Affiliate means any entity other than a Subsidiary, if the Company and/or one or more Subsidiaries own not less than 50 of such entity. For purposes of determining an individual s Service, this definition shall include any entity other than a Subsidiary, if the Company, a Parent and/or one or more Subsidiaries own not less than 50 of such entity. (c) Award means any award, under this Plan, to a Selected Employee of an Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Grant, Stock Unit or to a Covered Employee of any Cash Award. (d) Award Agreement means a Stock Option Agreement, a SAR Agreement, a Restricted Stock Grant Agreement, a Stock Unit Agreement or such other agreement evidencing an Award granted under the Plan. (e) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. (f) Cash Award means an award of a bonus opportunity, under this Plan, to a Covered Employee that (i) is payable in cash, (ii) is not an Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Grant or Stock Unit, (iii) is paid based on achievement of Performance Goal(s) and (iv) may be intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m). 

2 (g) Cashless Exercise means, to the extent that a Stock Option Agreement so provides and as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with any procedures established by the Committee, an arrangement whereby payment of some or all of the aggregate Exercise Price may be made all or in part by delivery of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sale proceeds to the Company. Cashless Exercise may also be utilized to satisfy an Option's tax withholding obligations as provided in Section 14(b). (h) Cause means, except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant s employment agreement or applicable Award Agreement (and in such case the employment agreement or Award Agreement shall govern as to the definition of Cause), (i) dishonesty or fraud, (ii) serious willful misconduct, (iii) unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets, (iv) conviction or confession of a felony, or (v) any other act or omission by a Participant that, in the opinion of the Company, could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Company s or a Subsidiary s or an Affiliate s business, financial condition, prospects and/or reputation. In each of the foregoing subclauses (i) through (v), whether or not a Cause event has occurred will be determined by the Company s chief human resources officer or other person performing that function or, in the case of Participants who are Directors or Officers or Section 16 Persons, the Board, each of whose determination shall be final, conclusive and binding. A Participant s Service shall be deemed to have terminated for Cause if, after the Participant s Service has terminated, facts and circumstances are discovered that would have justified a termination for Cause, including, without limitation, violation of material Company policies or breach of confidentiality or other restrictive covenants that may apply to the Participant. (i) Change in Control means, except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant s employment agreement or applicable Award Agreement (and in such case the employment agreement or Award Agreement shall govern as to the definition of Change in Control), the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i) any merger, consolidation or business combination in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to the merger, consolidation or business combination do not own at least a majority of the outstanding equity interests of the surviving parent entity, (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the Company's assets, (iii) the acquisition of beneficial ownership or control of (including, without limitation, power to vote) a majority of the outstanding Shares by any person or entity (including a group as defined by or under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), (iv) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or (v) a contested election of directors, as a result of which or in connection with which the persons who were directors of the Company before such election or their nominees cease to constitute a majority of the Board. A transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company's incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company's securities immediately before such transactions. In addition, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award which provides for a deferral of compensation and is subject to Code Section 409A, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or applicable Award Agreement the transaction with respect to such Award must also constitute a change in control event as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) to the extent required by Code Section 409A. (j) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder. (k) Committee means a committee described in Section 3. (l) Common Stock means the Company s common stock, 0.001 par value per Share, and any other securities into which such shares are changed, for which such shares are exchanged or which may be issued in respect thereof. (m) Company means LifeVantage Corporation, a Colorado corporation. (n) Consultant means a consultant or adviser who provides bona fide services to the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate, other than as an Employee, Director or Non-Employee Director and who qualifies as a consultant or adviser under Instruction A.1.(a)(1) of Form S-8 under the Securities Act. (o) Covered Employees means those individuals whose compensation is subject to the deduction limitations of Code Section 162(m). (p) Director means a member of the Board who is also an Employee. (q) Disability means, except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant s employment agreement or applicable Award Agreement (and in such case the employment agreement or Award Agreement shall govern as to the definition of Disability), that the Participant is classified as disabled under a long-term disability policy of the Company or, if no such policy applies, the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 

3 (r) Employee means any individual who is a common-law employee of the Company, or of a Parent, or of a Subsidiary or of an Affiliate. (s) Equity Award means any Award other than a Cash Award. (t) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. (u) Exercise Price means, in the case of an Option, the amount for which a Share may be purchased upon exercise of such Option, as specified in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. Exercise Price, in the case of a SAR, means an amount, as specified in the applicable SAR Agreement, which is subtracted from the Fair Market Value in determining the amount payable to a Participant upon exercise of such SAR. (v) Fair Market Value means the market price of a Share, determined by the Committee as follows: (i) If the Shares are traded on a stock exchange (such as the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE MKT, the NASDAQ Global Market or NASDAQ Capital Market) at the time of determination, then the Fair Market Value shall be equal to the regular session closing price for such stock as reported by such exchange (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Shares) on the date of determination, or if there are no sales on such date, on the last date preceding such date on which a closing price was reported; (ii) If the Shares are traded on the OTC Bulletin Board at the time of determination, then the Fair Market Value shall be equal to the last-sale price reported by the OTC Bulletin Board for such date, or if there are no sales on such date, on the last date preceding such date on which a sale was reported; and (iii) If neither of the foregoing provisions is applicable, then the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in good faith using a reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method as the Committee deems appropriate. Whenever possible, the determination of Fair Market Value by the Committee shall be based on the prices reported by the applicable exchange or the OTC Bulletin Board, as applicable, or a nationally recognized publisher of stock prices or quotations (including an electronic on-line publication). Such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. (w) Fiscal Year means the Company s fiscal year. (x) Incentive Stock Option or ISO means an incentive stock option described in Code Section 422. (y) Net Exercise means, to the extent that a Stock Option Agreement so provides and as permitted by applicable law, an arrangement pursuant to which the number of Shares issued to the Optionee in connection with the Optionee s exercise of the Option will be reduced by the Company s retention of a portion of such Shares. Upon such a net exercise of an Option, the Optionee will receive a net number of Shares that is equal to (i) the number of Shares as to which the Option is being exercised minus (ii) the quotient (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares being exercised divided by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Option exercise date. The number of Shares covered by clause (ii) will be retained by the Company and not delivered to the Optionee. No fractional Shares will be created as a result of a Net Exercise and the Optionee must contemporaneously pay for any portion of the aggregate Exercise Price that is not covered by the Shares retained by the Company under clause (ii). The number of Shares delivered to the Optionee may be further reduced if Net Exercise is utilized under Section 14(b) to satisfy applicable tax withholding obligations. (z) Non-Employee Director means a member of the Board who is not an Employee. (aa) Nonstatutory Stock Option or NSO means a stock option that is not an ISO. (bb) Officer means an individual who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act. (cc) Option means an ISO or NSO granted under the Plan entitling the Optionee to purchase a specified number of Shares, at such times and applying a specified Exercise Price, as provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. (dd) Optionee means an individual, estate or other entity that holds an Option. (ee) Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Parent on a date after the Adoption Date shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date. (ff) Participant means an individual or estate or other entity that holds an Award. (gg) Performance Goals means one or more objective performance targets established for a Participant which may be described in terms of Company-wide objectives and/or objectives that are related to the performance of the individual 

4 Participant or a Parent, Subsidiary, Affiliate, division, department or function within the Company or entity in which the Participant is employed, and such targets may be applied either individually, alternatively or in any combination, and measured either annually or cumulatively over a period of years, on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to previous years results or to a designated comparison group, in each case as specified by the Committee. Any Performance Goals that are included in an Award in order to make such Award qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m) shall be limited to one or more of the following target objectives: (i) operating income; (ii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA; (iii) earnings; (iv) cash flow; (v) market share; (vi) sales or revenue, including with respect to a particular product, business line, geography or market; (vii) expenses; (viii) cost of goods sold; (ix) profit/loss or profit margin; (x) working capital; (xi) return on equity or assets or investment; (xii) earnings per share; (xiii) economic value added, or EVA; (xiv) stock price including without limitation total stockholder return; (xv) price/earnings ratio; (xvi) debt or debt-to-equity; (xvii) accounts receivable; (xviii) writeoffs; (xix) cash; (xx) assets; (xxi) liquidity; (xxii) operations; (xxiii) research or related milestones; (xxiv) business development; (xxv) intellectual property (e.g., patents); (xxvi) product development; (xxvii) regulatory activity; (xxviii) information technology; (xxix) financings; (xxx) product quality control; (xxxi) management; (xxxii) human resources; (xxxiii) corporate governance; (xxxiv) compliance program; (xxxv) legal matters; (xxxvi) internal controls; (xxxvii) policies and procedures; (xxxviii) accounting and reporting; (xxxix) strategic alliances, licensing and partnering; (xl) site, plant or building development; (xli) corporate transactions including without limitation mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and/or joint ventures; (xlii) customer satisfaction; (xliii) capital expenditures and/or (xliv) Company advancement milestones. Awards issued to individuals who are not Covered Employees (or which are not intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m)) may take into account other (or no) factors. (hh) Performance Period means any period of time as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. The Committee may establish different Performance Periods for different Participants, and the Committee may establish concurrent or overlapping Performance Periods. (ii) Plan means this LifeVantage Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan as it may be amended from time to time. (jj) Prior Equity Compensation Plan Award means an award outstanding under a Prior Equity Compensation Plan as of the September 2022 Amendment. (kk) Prior Equity Compensation Plans means the Company s 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan ), 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as assumed from Lifeline Therapeutics, Inc., a Colorado corporation) and its predecessor plans and any other Company equity compensation plans. (ll) Re-Price means that the Company has lowered or reduced the Exercise Price of outstanding Options and/or outstanding SARs for any Participant(s) in a manner described by SEC Regulation S-K Item 402(d)(2)(viii) (or as described in any successor provision(s) or definition(s)). (mm) Restricted Stock Grant means Shares awarded under the Plan as provided in Section 9. (nn) Restricted Stock Grant Agreement means the agreement described in Section 9 evidencing each Award of a Restricted Stock Grant. (oo) SAR Agreement means the agreement described in Section 8 evidencing each Award of a Stock Appreciation Right. (pp) SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. (qq) Section 16 Persons means those officers, directors or other persons who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. (rr) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (ss) Selected Employee means an Employee, Consultant, Director, or Non-Employee Director who has been selected by the Committee to receive an Award under the Plan. (tt) Separation From Service means a Participant s separation from service with the Company within the meaning provided to such term under Code Section 409A. (uu) Service means service as an Employee, Director, Non-Employee Director or Consultant. Service will be deemed terminated as soon as the entity to which Service is being provided is no longer either (i) the Company, (ii) a Parent, (iii) a Subsidiary or (iv) an Affiliate. A Participant s Service does not terminate if he or she is a common-law employee with respect to the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate and goes on a bona fide leave of absence that was approved by the Company in writing and the terms of the leave provide for continued service crediting, or when continued service crediting is required by applicable law. However, for purposes of determining whether an Option is entitled to continuing ISO status, a common-law employee s Service will be treated as terminating ninety (90) days after such Employee went on leave, unless 

5 such Employee s right to return to active work is guaranteed by law or by a contract. Service terminates in any event when the approved leave ends, unless such Employee immediately returns to active work. The Committee determines which leaves count toward Service, and when Service commences and terminates for all purposes under the Plan. For avoidance of doubt, a Participant s Service shall not be deemed terminated if the Committee determines that (i) a transition of employment to service with a partnership, joint venture or corporation not meeting the requirements of a Subsidiary in which the Company or a Subsidiary is a party is not considered a termination of Service, (ii) the Participant transfers between service as an Employee and service as a Consultant or other personal service provider (or vice versa), or (iii) the Participant transfers between service as an Employee and that of a Non-Employee Director (or vice versa). The Committee may determine whether any company transaction, such as a sale or spin-off of a division or subsidiary that employs a Participant, shall be deemed to result in termination of Service for purposes of any affected Awards, and the Committee s decision shall be final and binding. (vv) Share means one share of Common Stock. (ww) Stockholder Approval Date means the date that the Company s stockholders approve this Plan provided that such approval must occur on or before the first anniversary of the Adoption Date. (xx) Specified Employee means a Participant who is considered a specified employee within the meaning provided to such term under Code Section 409A. (yy) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a stock appreciation right awarded under the Plan which provides the holder with a right to potentially receive, in cash and/or Shares, value with respect to a specific number of Shares, as provided in Section 8. (zz) Stock Option Agreement means the agreement described in Section 6 evidencing each Award of an Option. (aaa) Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one Share, as awarded under the Plan and as provided in Section 10. (bbb) Stock Unit Agreement means the agreement described in Section 10 evidencing each Award of Stock Units. (ccc) Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date after the Adoption Date shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date. (ddd) Termination Date means the date on which a Participant s Service terminates as determined by the Committee. (eee) 10-Percent Stockholder means an individual who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company, its Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. In determining stock ownership, the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code shall be applied. SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION (a) Committee Composition. A Committee appointed by the Board shall administer the Plan. Unless the Board provides otherwise, the Board s Compensation Committee (or a comparable committee of the Board) shall be the Committee. The Board may also at any time terminate the functions of the Committee and re-assume all powers and authority previously delegated to the Committee. To the extent required, the Committee shall have membership composition which enables (i) Awards to Section 16 Persons to qualify as exempt from liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and (ii) Awards to Covered Employees to be able to qualify as performance-based compensation as provided under Code Section 162(m) (to the extent such Awards are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation). The Board may also appoint one or more separate committees of the Board, each composed of directors of the Company who need not qualify under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or Code Section 162(m), that may administer the Plan with respect to Selected Employees who are not Section 16 Persons or Covered Employees, respectively, may grant Awards under the Plan to such Selected Employees and may determine all terms of such Awards. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board may also appoint a committee, composed of one or more Officers, that may authorize Awards to Employees (who are not Section 16 Persons or Covered Employees) within parameters specified by the Board and consistent with any limitations imposed by applicable law. The Committee shall comply with rules and regulations applicable to it, including under the rules of any exchange on which the Shares are traded. 

6 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board shall constitute the Committee and shall administer the Plan with respect to all Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors. (b) Authority of the Committee. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have full authority and discretion to take any actions it deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Such actions shall include without limitation: (i) determining Selected Employees who are to receive Awards under the Plan; (ii) determining the type, number, vesting requirements, Performance Goals (if any) and their degree of satisfaction, and other features and conditions of such Awards and amending such Awards; (iii) correcting any defect, supplying any omission, or reconciling or clarifying any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award Agreement; (iv) accelerating the vesting, or extending the post-termination exercise term, or waiving restrictions, of Awards at any time and under such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate; (v) interpreting the Plan and any Award Agreements; (vi) making all other decisions relating to the operation of the Plan; and (vii) adopting such plans or subplans as may be deemed necessary or appropriate to provide for the participation by non-U.S. employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, which plans and/or subplans shall be attached hereto as appendices. The Committee may adopt such rules or guidelines, as it deems appropriate to implement the Plan. The Committee s determinations under the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons. The Committee s decisions and determinations need not be uniform and may be made selectively among Participants in the Committee s sole discretion. The Committee s decisions and determinations will be afforded the maximum deference provided by applicable law. (c) Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each member of the Committee, or of the Board, or any persons (including without limitation Employees and Officers) who are delegated by the Board or Committee to perform oversight or administrative functions in connection with the Plan, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (i) any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan or any Award Agreement, and (ii) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company s approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding against him or her, provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. SECTION 4. GENERAL (a) General Eligibility. Only Employees, Consultants, Directors and Non-Employee Directors shall be eligible for designation as Selected Employees by the Committee. (b) Incentive Stock Options. Only Selected Employees who are common-law employees of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be eligible for the grant of ISOs. In addition, a Selected Employee who is a 10-Percent Stockholder shall not be eligible for the grant of an ISO unless the requirements set forth in Section 422(c)(5) of the Code are satisfied. If and to the extent that any Shares are issued under a portion of any Option that exceeds the 100,000 limitation of Section 422 of the Code, such Shares shall not be treated as issued under an ISO notwithstanding any designation otherwise. Certain decisions, amendments, interpretations and actions by the Committee and certain actions by a Participant may cause an Option to cease to qualify as an ISO pursuant to the Code and by accepting an Option the Participant agrees in advance to such disqualifying action. (c) Restrictions on Shares. Any Shares issued pursuant to an Award shall be subject to such Company policies, rights of repurchase, rights of first refusal and other transfer restrictions as the Committee may determine. Such restrictions shall apply in addition to any restrictions that may apply to holders of Shares generally and shall also comply to the extent necessary with applicable law. In no event shall the Company be required to issue fractional Shares under this Plan. (d) Beneficiaries. A Participant may designate one or more beneficiaries with respect to an Award by timely filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the 

7 Company at any time before the Participant s death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Participant, then after a Participant s death any vested Award(s) shall be transferred or distributed to the Participant s estate. (e) Performance Goals. The Committee may, in its discretion, include Performance Goals or other performance objectives in any Award. If Performance Goals are included in Awards to Covered Employees in order to enable such Awards to qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m), then such Awards will be subject to the achievement of such Performance Goals that will be established and administered pursuant to the requirements of Code Section 162(m) and as described in this Section 4(e). If an Award is intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m) and to the extent required by Code Section 162(m), the Committee shall certify in writing the degree to which the Performance Goals have been satisfied before any Shares underlying an Award or any Award payments are released to a Covered Employee with respect to a Performance Period. Without limitation, the approved minutes of a Committee meeting shall constitute such written certification. With respect to Awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m), the Committee may adjust the evaluation of performance under a Performance Goal (to the extent permitted by Code Section 162(m)) to remove the effects of certain events including without limitation the following: (i) asset write-downs or discontinued operations, (ii) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (iii) material changes in or provisions under tax law, accounting principles or other such laws or provisions affecting reported results, (iv) reorganizations or restructuring programs or divestitures or acquisitions, and/or (v) extraordinary non-recurring items as described in applicable accounting principles and/or items of gain, loss or expense determined to be extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence. Notwithstanding satisfaction of any completion of any Performance Goal, to the extent specified at the time of grant of an Award, the number of Shares, Options, SARs, Stock Units or other benefits granted, issued, retainable and/or vested under an Award on account of satisfaction of such Performance Goals may be reduced by the Committee on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine. Awards with Performance Goals or performance objectives (if any) that are granted to Selected Employees who are not Covered Employees or any Awards to Covered Employees which are not intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m) need not comply with the requirements of Code Section 162(m). (f) No Rights as a Stockholder. A Participant, or a transferee of a Participant, shall have no rights as a stockholder (including without limitation voting rights or dividend or distribution rights) with respect to any Common Stock covered by an Award until such person becomes entitled to receive such Common Stock, has satisfied any applicable withholding or tax obligations relating to the Award and the Common Stock has been issued to the Participant. No adjustment shall be made for cash or stock dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date when such Common Stock is issued, except as expressly provided in Section 11. For the avoidance of doubt, no Award shall allow for the payment of dividends with respect to any portion of the Award that does not vest or as to which applicable vesting or performance conditions are not satisfied. (g) Termination of Service. Unless the applicable Award Agreement or employment agreement provides otherwise (and in such case, the Award or employment agreement shall govern as to the consequences of a termination of Service for such Awards), the following rules shall govern the vesting, exercisability and term of outstanding Awards held by a Participant in the event of termination of such Participant s Service (in all cases subject to the term of the Option or SAR as applicable): (i) if the Service of a Participant is terminated for Cause, then all of the Participant s Options, SARs, unvested portions of Stock Units and unvested portions of Restricted Stock Grants shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration as of the Termination Date (except for repayment of any amounts the Participant had previously paid to the Company to acquire Shares underlying the forfeited Awards); (ii) if the Service of Participant is terminated for any reason other than for Cause and other due to the Participant s death or Disability, then the vested portion of the Participant s then-outstanding Options/SARs may be exercised by such Participant or his or her personal representative within three months after the Termination Date and all unvested portions of the Participant s outstanding Awards shall be forfeited without consideration as of the Termination Date (except for repayment of any amounts the Participant had previously paid to the Company to acquire Shares underlying the forfeited Awards); or (iii) if the Service of a Participant is terminated due to the Participant s death or Disability, the vested portion of the Participant s then outstanding Options/SARs may be exercised within twelve months after the Termination Date 

8 and all unvested portions of any outstanding Awards shall be forfeited without consideration as of the Termination Date (except for repayment of any amounts the Participant had previously paid to the Company to acquire Shares underlying the forfeited Awards). (h) Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Plan and Awards granted hereunder are intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with such intention. In the event that any provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement is determined by the Committee to not comply with the applicable requirements of Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder, the Committee shall have the authority to take such actions and to make such changes to the Plan or an Award Agreement as the Committee deems necessary to comply with such requirements, provided that no such action shall adversely affect any outstanding Award without the consent of the affected Participant. Each payment to a Participant made pursuant to this Plan shall be considered a separate payment and not one of a series of payments for purposes of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything elsewhere in the Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, if upon a Participant s Separation From Service he/she is then a Specified Employee, then solely to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under Code Section 409A, the Company shall defer payment of nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable as a result of and within six (6) months following such Separation From Service under this Plan until the earlier of (i) the first business day of the seventh month following the Participant s Separation From Service, or (ii) ten (10) days after the Company receives written confirmation of the Participant s death. Any such delayed payments shall be made without interest. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on a Participant by Code Section 409A or for any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A. (i) Suspension or Termination of Awards. If at any time (including after a notice of exercise has been delivered) the Committee (or the Board), reasonably believes that a Participant has committed an act of Cause (which includes a failure to act), the Committee (or Board) may suspend the Participant s right to exercise any Option or SAR (or payment of a Cash Award or vesting of Restricted Stock Grants or Stock Units) pending a determination of whether there was in fact an act of Cause. If the Committee (or the Board) determines a Participant has committed an act of Cause, neither the Participant nor his or her estate shall be entitled to exercise any outstanding Option or SAR whatsoever and all of Participant s outstanding Awards shall then terminate without consideration. Any determination by the Committee (or the Board) with respect to the foregoing shall be final, conclusive and binding on all interested parties. (j) Electronic Communications. Subject to compliance with applicable law and/or regulations, an Award Agreement or other documentation or notices relating to the Plan and/or Awards may be communicated to Participants by electronic media. (k) Unfunded Plan. Insofar as it provides for Awards, the Plan shall be unfunded. Although bookkeeping accounts may be established with respect to Participants who are granted Awards under this Plan, any such accounts will be used merely as a bookkeeping convenience. The Company shall not be required to segregate any assets which may at any time be represented by Awards, nor shall this Plan be construed as providing for such segregation, nor shall the Company or the Committee be deemed to be a trustee of stock or cash to be awarded under the Plan. (l) Liability of Company. The Company (or members of the Board or Committee) shall not be liable to a Participant or other persons as to: (a) the non-issuance or sale of Shares as to which the Company has been unable to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder; and (b) any unexpected or adverse tax consequence or any tax consequence expected, but not realized, by any Participant or other person due to the grant, receipt, exercise or settlement of any Award granted hereunder. (m) Reformation. In the event any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, such provisions will be reformed by the Board if possible and to the extent needed in order to be held legal and valid. If it is not possible to reform the illegal or invalid provisions then the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of this Plan, and this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. (n) Re-Pricing of Options or SARs. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, without the approval of Company stockholders and except as provided in Section 11(a), outstanding Options or SARs may not be re-priced, replaced or regranted (i) through cancellation, whether in exchange for cash or another type of Award, (ii) by lowering the Exercise Price of a previously granted Option or SAR or (iii) by replacing a previously granted Option or SAR with a new Option or SAR with a lower Exercise Price. (o) Successor Provision. Any reference to a statute, rule or regulation, or to a section of a statute, rule or regulation, is a reference to that statute, rule, regulation, or section as amended from time to time, both before and after the Adoption Date and including any successor provisions. 

9 (p) Governing Law. This Plan and all Awards shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Utah but without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The Committee may provide that any dispute as to any Award shall be presented and determined in such forum as the Committee may specify, including through binding arbitration. Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, recipients of an Award under the Plan are deemed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal or state courts of Utah to resolve any and all issues that may arise out of or relate to the Plan or any related Award Agreement. (q) Minimum Vesting Requirement. No Award granted on or after July 1, 2018 shall vest, become exercisable or be settled on a date that is earlier than the first anniversary of the grant date of the Award; provided however that this minimum vesting and exercisability requirement shall not apply (i) to up to 5 of the aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance hereunder, (ii) if Section 12 applies, or (iii) with respect to an Award held by a Participant whose Service terminates as a result of his or her death or disability. SECTION 5. SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN AND SHARE LIMITS (a) Basic Limitations. The Common Stock issuable under the Plan shall be authorized but unissued Shares or treasury Shares. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the Plan shall not exceed the sum of (i) 3,492,000 Shares, (ii) the number of Shares reserved under the 2010 Plan that are not issued or subject to outstanding awards under the 2010 Plan on the Stockholder Approval Date, (iii) any Shares subject to outstanding options or other awards under the 2010 Plan on the Stockholder Approval Date that subsequently expire or lapse unexercised and Shares issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2010 Plan that are outstanding on the Stockholder Approval Date and that are subsequently forfeited to or repurchased by the Company, and (iv) the additional Shares described in Section 5(b); provided, however, that no more than 475,000 Shares, in the aggregate, shall be added to the Plan pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii). No more than 3,967,000 Shares plus the additional Shares described in Section 5(b) may be issued under the Plan upon the exercise of ISOs. (b) Share Re-Use. If Equity Awards are forfeited or are terminated for any reason other than being exercised, then the Shares underlying such Equity Awards shall again become available for Equity Awards under the Plan. If SARs are exercised or Stock Units are settled in Shares, then only the number of Shares (if any) actually issued in settlement of such SARs or Stock Units shall reduce the number of Shares available under the Share limits stated in Section 5(a) and the balance shall again become available for Equity Awards under the Plan. If a Participant pays the Exercise Price by Net Exercise or by surrendering previously owned Shares (or by stock attestation) and/or, as permitted by the Committee, pays any withholding tax obligation with respect to an Equity Award by electing to have Shares withheld or surrendering previously owned Shares (or by stock attestation), the surrendered Shares and the Shares withheld to pay taxes shall be available for issuance under the Plan and shall not count toward the Share limits set forth in Section 5(a). Any Shares that are delivered and any Equity Awards that are granted by, or become obligations of, the Company, as a result of the assumption by the Company of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted by another entity (as provided in Sections 6(e), 8(f), 9(e) or 10(e)) shall not be counted against the Share limits specified in Sections 5(a) and 5(d). Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the September 2022 Amendment, the following Shares shall not become or again be available for grants of Awards under the Plan: (a) Shares delivered (either by actual delivery or stock attestation) to the Company by a Participant or withheld by the Company to satisfy the applicable exercise price of an Option or Prior Equity Compensation Plan Award that is an option and/or satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation with respect to an Option or Stock Appreciation Right or Prior Equity Compensation Plan Award that is an option or stock appreciation right (including Shares retained by the Company from the Option or Stock Appreciation Right or Prior Equity Compensation Plan Award that is an option or a stock appreciation right being exercised and/or creating the tax obligation), (b) Shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that are not issued in connection with the settlement or exercise, as applicable, of the Stock Appreciation Right, and (c) Shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of Options. (c) Dividend Equivalents. Any dividend equivalents distributed under the Plan shall not be applied against the number of Shares available for Equity Awards. (d) Code Section 162(m) Limits. For so long as: (x) the Company is a publicly held corporation within the meaning of Code Section 162(m) and (y) the deduction limitations of Code Section 162(m) are applicable to Awards granted to the Company s Covered Employees under this Plan, then the limits specified below in this Section 5(d) shall be applicable to Awards issued under the Plan. (i) Limits on Options. No Selected Employee shall receive Options to purchase Shares during any Fiscal Year that in the aggregate cover in excess of 300,000 Shares. (ii) Limits on SARs. No Selected Employee shall receive Awards of SARs during any Fiscal Year that in the aggregate cover in excess of 300,000 Shares. 

10 (iii) Limits on Restricted Stock Grants. No Selected Employee shall receive Restricted Stock Grants during any Fiscal Year that in the aggregate cover in excess of 300,000 Shares. (iv) Limits on Stock Units. No Selected Employee shall receive Stock Units during any Fiscal Year that in the aggregate cover in excess of 300,000 Shares. (v) Limit on Total Amount of All Equity Awards. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Selected Employee shall receive Equity Awards during any Fiscal Year in excess of the aggregate amount of 600,000 Shares, whether such Equity Awards are in the form of Options, SARs, Restricted Stock Grants and/or Stock Units. (vi) Increased Limits for First Year of Employment. The numerical limits expressed in the foregoing subparts (i) through (iv) shall in each case be increased to 600,000 Shares with respect to Equity Awards granted to a Selected Employee during the Fiscal Year of the Selected Employee s commencement of employment with the Company or during the first Fiscal Year that the Selected Employee becomes a Covered Employee. (vii) Dollar Limit for Cash Awards. The maximum aggregate value of Cash Awards that may be received by any one Selected Employee with respect to any individual Fiscal Year is 5,000,000. SECTION 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS (a) Stock Option Agreement. Each Award of an Option under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee and the Company. Such Option shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan (including without limitation any Performance Goals). The provisions of the various Stock Option Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify whether the Option is an ISO and if not specified then the Option shall be an NSO. (b) Number of Shares. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number of Shares that are subject to the Option and is subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. (c) Exercise Price. An Option s Exercise Price shall be established by the Committee and set forth in a Stock Option Agreement. Except with respect to outstanding stock options being assumed or Options being granted in exchange for cancellation of outstanding options granted by another issuer as provided under Section 6(e), the Exercise Price of an Option shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value (110 for ISO Awards to 10-Percent Stockholders) on the date of Award. (d) Exercisability and Term. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the Option is to become vested and/or exercisable. The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify the term of the Option; provided that the term of an Option shall in no event exceed ten years from the date of Award (and may be for a shorter period of time than ten years). No Option can be exercised after the expiration date specified in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. A Stock Option Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, or Disability or other events. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, an ISO that is granted to a 10-Percent Stockholder shall have a maximum term of five years. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no Option can be exercised after the expiration date provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. In no event shall the Company be required to issue fractional Shares upon the exercise of an Option and the Committee may specify a minimum number of Shares that must be purchased in any one Option exercise. (e) Modifications or Assumption of Options. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify, extend or assume outstanding Options or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock options (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Options for the same or a different number of Shares and at the same or a different Exercise Price. For avoidance of doubt, in accordance with Section 4(n), the Committee may not Re-Price outstanding Options without approval from the Company's stockholders, except as provided in Section 11(a). No modification of an Option shall, without the consent of the Optionee, impair his or her rights or increase his or her obligations under such Option. (f) Assignment or Transfer of Options. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, no Option shall be transferable by the Optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement, an Option may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by Optionee or by the guardian or legal representative of the Optionee. No Option or interest therein may be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by the Optionee during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 

11 SECTION 7. PAYMENT FOR OPTION SHARES (a) General Rule. The entire Exercise Price of Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be payable in cash at the time when such Shares are purchased by the Optionee, except as follows and if so provided for in an applicable Stock Option Agreement: (i) In the case of an ISO granted under the Plan, payment shall be made only pursuant to the express provisions of the applicable Stock Option Agreement. The Stock Option Agreement may specify that payment may be made in any form(s) described in this Section 7. (ii) In the case of an NSO granted under the Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion at any time, accept payment in any form(s) described in this Section 7. (b) Surrender of Stock. To the extent that the Committee makes this Section 7(b) applicable to an Option in a Stock Option Agreement, payment for all or a part of the Exercise Price may be made with Shares which have already been owned by the Optionee for such duration as shall be specified by the Committee. Such Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date when the new Shares are purchased under the Plan. (c) Cashless Exercise. To the extent that the Committee makes this Section 7(c) applicable to an Option in a Stock Option Agreement, payment for all or a part of the Exercise Price may be made through Cashless Exercise. (d) Net Exercise. To the extent that the Committee makes this Section 7(d) applicable to an Option in a Stock Option Agreement, payment for all or a part of the Exercise Price may be made through Net Exercise. (e) Other Forms of Payment. To the extent that the Committee makes this Section 7(e) applicable to an Option in a Stock Option Agreement, payment may be made in any other form that is consistent with applicable laws, regulations and rules and approved by the Committee. SECTION 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS (a) SAR Agreement. Each Award of a SAR under the Plan shall be evidenced by a SAR Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such SAR shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan (including without limitation any Performance Goals). A SAR Agreement may provide for a maximum limit on the amount of any payout notwithstanding the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of the SAR. The provisions of the various SAR Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. (b) Number of Shares. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the SAR pertains and is subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. (c) Exercise Price. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price. Except with respect to outstanding stock appreciation rights being assumed or SARs being granted in exchange for cancellation of outstanding stock appreciation rights granted by another issuer as provided under Section 8(f), the Exercise Price of a SAR shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of Award. (d) Exercisability and Term. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the SAR is to become exercisable. The SAR Agreement shall also specify the term of the SAR which shall not exceed ten years from the date of Award. No SAR can be exercised after the expiration date specified in the applicable SAR Agreement. A SAR Agreement may provide for accelerated exercisability in the event of the Participant s death, or Disability or other events and may provide for expiration prior to the end of its term in the event of the termination of the Participant s Service. A SAR may be included in an ISO only at the time of Award but may be included in an NSO at the time of Award or at any subsequent time, but not later than six months before the expiration of such NSO. A SAR granted under the Plan may provide that it will be exercisable only in the event of a Change in Control. (e) Exercise of SARs. If, on the date when a SAR expires, the Exercise Price under such SAR is less than the Fair Market Value on such date but any portion of such SAR has not been exercised or surrendered, then such SAR may automatically be deemed to be exercised as of such date with respect to such portion to the extent so provided in the applicable SAR agreement. Upon exercise of a SAR, the Participant (or any person having the right to exercise the SAR after the Participant s death) shall receive from the Company (i) Shares, (ii) cash or (iii) any combination of Shares and cash, as the Committee shall determine. The amount of cash and/or the Fair Market Value of Shares received upon exercise of SARs shall, in the aggregate, be equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value (on the date of surrender) of the Shares subject to the SARs exceeds the Exercise Price of the Shares. (f) Modification or Assumption of SARs. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify, extend or assume outstanding SARs or may accept the cancellation of outstanding SARs (including stock appreciation rights granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new SARs for the same or a different number of Shares and at the same or a different Exercise Price. For avoidance of doubt, in accordance with Section 4(n), the Committee may not Re-Price outstanding 

12 SARs without approval from the Company's stockholders, except as provided in Section 11(a). No modification of a SAR shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or increase his or her obligations under such SAR. (g) Assignment or Transfer of SARs. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable SAR Agreement and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, no SAR shall be transferable by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable SAR Agreement, a SAR may be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant or by the guardian or legal representative of the Participant. No SAR or interest therein may be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by the Participant during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process. SECTION 9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR RESTRICTED STOCK GRANTS (a) Restricted Stock Grant Agreement. Each Restricted Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Grant Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Each Restricted Stock Grant shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan (including without limitation any Performance Goals). The provisions of the Restricted Stock Grant Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. (b) Number of Shares and Payment. Each Restricted Stock Grant Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the Restricted Stock Grant pertains and is subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. Restricted Stock Grants may be issued with or without cash consideration under the Plan. (c) Vesting Conditions. Each Restricted Stock Grant may or may not be subject to vesting. Vesting shall occur, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in the Restricted Stock Grant Agreement. A Restricted Stock Grant Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, or Disability or other events. (d) Voting and Dividend Rights. The holder of a Restricted Stock Grant (irrespective of whether the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Grant are vested or unvested) awarded under the Plan shall have the same voting, dividend and other rights as the Company's other stockholders; provided however that any dividends attributed to Shares that are unvested (whether such dividends are in the form of cash or Shares) shall be subject to the same vesting conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Grant with respect to which the dividends relate; and provided further that this sentence is subject to the final sentence of Section 4(f). Such additional Shares issued as dividends that are subject to the Restricted Stock Grant shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under Section 5. (e) Modification or Assumption of Restricted Stock Grants. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify or assume outstanding Restricted Stock Grants or may accept the cancellation of outstanding Restricted Stock Grants (including stock granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Restricted Stock Grants for the same or a different number of Shares. No modification of a Restricted Stock Grant shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or increase his or her obligations under such Restricted Stock Grant. (f) Assignment or Transfer of Restricted Stock Grants. Except as provided in Section 14, or in a Restricted Stock Grant Agreement, or as required by applicable law, a Restricted Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor's process, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law. Any act in violation of this Section 9(f) shall be void. However, this Section 9(f) shall not preclude a Participant from designating a beneficiary pursuant to Section 4(d) nor shall it preclude a transfer of Restricted Stock Grant Awards by will or pursuant to Section 4(d). SECTION 10. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK UNITS (a) Stock Unit Agreement. Each Award of Stock Units under the Plan shall be evidenced by a Stock Unit Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such Stock Units shall be subject to all applicable terms of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with the Plan (including without limitation any Performance Goals). The provisions of the various Stock Unit Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. (b) Number of Shares and Payment. Each Stock Unit Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the Stock Unit Grant pertains and is subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. To the extent that an Award is granted in the form of Stock Units, no cash consideration shall be required of the Award recipients. (c) Vesting Conditions. Each Award of Stock Units may or may not be subject to vesting. Vesting shall occur, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of the conditions specified in the Stock Unit Agreement. A Stock Unit Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, or Disability or other events. (d) Voting and Dividend Rights. The holders of Stock Units shall have no voting rights. Prior to settlement or forfeiture, any Stock Unit awarded under the Plan may, at the Committee s discretion, carry with it a right to dividend equivalents. Such right entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all cash or Common Stock dividends paid on 

13 one Share while the Stock Unit is outstanding. Dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Stock Units. Settlement of dividend equivalents may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Shares, or in a combination of both. Prior to vesting of the Stock Units, any dividend equivalents accrued on such unvested Stock Units shall be subject to the same vesting conditions and restrictions as the Stock Units to which they attach, provided that this sentence is subject to the final sentence of Section 4(f). (e) Modification or Assumption of Stock Units. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify or assume outstanding Stock Units or may accept the cancellation of outstanding Stock Units (including stock units granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Stock Units for the same or a different number of Shares. No modification of a Stock Unit shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or increase his or her obligations under such Stock Unit. (f) Assignment or Transfer of Stock Units. Except as provided in Section 14, or in a Stock Unit Agreement, or as required by applicable law, Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law. Any act in violation of this Section 10(f) shall be void. However, this Section 10(f) shall not preclude a Participant from designating a beneficiary pursuant to Section 4(d) nor shall it preclude a transfer of Stock Units pursuant to Section 4(d). (g) Form and Time of Settlement of Stock Units. Settlement of vested Stock Units may be made in the form of (a) cash, (b) Shares or (c) any combination of both, as determined by the Committee. The actual number of Stock Units eligible for settlement may be larger or smaller than the number included in the original Award. Methods of converting Stock Units into cash may include (without limitation) a method based on the average Fair Market Value of Shares over a series of trading days. Except as otherwise provided in a Stock Unit Agreement or a timely completed deferral election, vested Stock Units shall be settled within thirty days after vesting. The distribution may occur or commence when all vesting conditions applicable to the Stock Units have been satisfied or have lapsed, or it may be deferred, in accordance with applicable law, to a later specified date. The amount of a deferred distribution may be increased by an interest factor or by dividend equivalents. Until an Award of Stock Units is settled, the number of such Stock Units shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11. (h) Creditors' Rights. A holder of Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Stock Unit Agreement. SECTION 11. ADJUSTMENTS (a) Adjustments. In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in a form other than Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Shares, a stock split, a reverse stock split, a reclassification or other distribution of the Shares without the receipt of consideration by the Company, of or on the Common Stock, a recapitalization, a combination, a spin-off or a similar occurrence, the Committee shall make equitable and proportionate adjustments to: (i) the number and kind of securities available for Equity Awards (and which can be issued as ISOs) under Section 5; (ii) the Share limits on Equity Awards issued under the Plan that are intended to qualify as performance- based compensation under Code Section 162(m) under Section 5(d); (iii) the number and kind of securities covered by each outstanding Equity Award; (iv) the Exercise Price under each outstanding SAR and Option, and the repurchase price, if any, applicable to the unvested portion of Restricted Stock Grants; and (v) the number and kind of outstanding securities issued under the Plan. (b) Participant Rights. Except as provided in this Section 11, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of any issue by the Company of stock of any class or securities convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. If by reason of an adjustment pursuant to this Section 11, a Participant s Equity Award covers additional or different shares of stock or securities, then such additional or different shares and the Equity Award in respect thereof shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the Equity Award and the Shares subject to the Equity Award prior to such adjustment. (c) Fractional Shares. Any adjustment of Shares pursuant to this Section 11 shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares. Under no circumstances shall the Company be required to authorize or issue fractional shares. To the 

14 extent permitted by applicable law, no consideration shall be provided as a result of any fractional shares not being issued or authorized. SECTION 12. EFFECT OF A CHANGE IN CONTROL (a) Merger or Reorganization. In the event that the Company is a party to a merger or other reorganization, outstanding Awards shall be subject to the agreement of merger or reorganization. Such agreement may provide, without limitation, that subject to the consummation of the merger or other reorganization, for the assumption (or substitution) of outstanding Awards by the surviving corporation or its parent, for their continuation by the Company (if the Company is a surviving corporation), for their cancellation with or without consideration, in all cases without the consent of the Participant. (b) Acceleration. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement (and in such case the applicable Award Agreement shall govern), in the event that a Change in Control occurs and there is no assumption, substitution or continuation of Awards pursuant to Section 12(a), (1) with respect to outstanding Awards subject to service-based vesting conditions, 100 of the unvested portion of such Awards shall accelerate and vest immediately upon the Change in Control, and (2) with respect to outstanding Awards subject to performance-based vesting conditions, such Awards shall accelerate and vest upon the Change in Control with respect to the portion of the Award determined based on the greater of (A) target level applicable to the Award or (B) the actual level of achievement measured as of either the end of the applicable Performance Period (if the Performance Period ends prior to the Change in Control but actual performance has not yet been determined) or the effective date of the Change in Control (if the Change in Control occurs prior to the end of the Performance Period), as applicable. For avoidance of doubt, substitution includes, without limitation, an Award being replaced by a cash award that provides an equivalent intrinsic value (wherein for Equity Awards intrinsic value equals the difference between the market value of a Share and any per Share exercise price). SECTION 13. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS (a) Retention Rights. Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give any individual a right to remain in Service as an Employee, Consultant, Director or Non-Employee Director or to receive any other Awards under the Plan. The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate the Service of any person at any time, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any). (b) Regulatory Requirements. Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, the obligation of the Company to issue Shares or other securities under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and such approval by any regulatory body as may be required. The Company reserves the right to restrict, in whole or in part, the delivery of Shares or other securities pursuant to any Equity Award prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such Shares or other securities, to their registration, qualification or listing or to an exemption from registration, qualification or listing. (c) Dissolution. To the extent not previously exercised or settled, Options, SARs, unvested Stock Units and unvested Restricted Stock Grants shall terminate immediately prior to the dissolution or liquidation of the Company and shall be forfeited to the Company. (d) Clawback Policy. The Company may (i) cause the cancellation of any Award, (ii) require reimbursement of any Award by a Participant and (iii) effect any other right of recoupment of equity or other compensation provided under this Plan or otherwise in accordance with Company policies and/or applicable law (each, a Clawback Policy ). In addition, a Participant may be required to repay to the Company certain previously paid compensation, whether provided under this Plan or an Award Agreement or otherwise, in accordance with the Clawback Policy. SECTION 14. TAXES. (a) General. A Participant shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with his or her Award. The Company shall not be required to issue any Shares or make any cash payment under the Plan until such obligations are satisfied. (b) Share Withholding. The Committee in its discretion may permit or require a Participant to satisfy all or part of his or her withholding or income tax obligations by having the Company withhold all or a portion of any Shares that otherwise would be issued to him or her or by surrendering all or a portion of any Shares that he or she previously acquired (or by stock attestation). Such Shares shall be valued based on the value of the actual trade or, if there is none, the Fair Market Value as of the previous day. Any payment of taxes by assigning Shares to the Company may be subject to restrictions, including, but not limited to, any restrictions required by rules of the SEC. The Committee may also, in its discretion, permit or require a Participant to satisfy withholding or income tax obligations (up to the maximum amount permitted by applicable law) related to an Equity 

15 Award through a sale of Shares underlying the Equity Award or, in the case of Options, through Net Exercise or Cashless Exercise. SECTION 15. DURATION AND AMENDMENTS (a) Term of the Plan. The Plan was originally effective on the Adoption Date and was amended on November 16, 2017, January 19, 2018, September 20, 2018, August 27, 2020 and September 19, 2022. In any event, the Plan shall terminate no later than on the day before the tenth anniversary of the Adoption Date. The Plan may be terminated by the Board on any earlier date pursuant to Section 15(b). This Plan will not in any way affect outstanding awards that were issued under the Prior Equity Compensation Plans or other Company equity compensation plans. (b) Right to Amend or Terminate the Plan. The Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time and for any reason. No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the Plan s termination. An amendment of the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders only to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations or rules. In addition, no such amendment or termination shall be made which would impair the rights of any Participant, without such Participant s written consent, under any then-outstanding Award, provided that no such Participant consent shall be required with respect to any amendment or alteration if the Committee determines in its sole discretion that such amendment or alteration either (i) is required or advisable in order for the Company, the Plan or the Award to satisfy or conform to any law or regulation or to meet the requirements of any accounting standard, or (ii) is not reasonably likely to significantly diminish the benefits provided under such Award, or that any such diminishment has been adequately compensated. In the event of any conflict in terms between the Plan and any Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall prevail and govern. SECTION 16. EXECUTION To record the adoption of this Plan by the Board, the Company has caused its duly authorized Officer to execute this Plan on behalf of the Company. LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION /s/ Steven R. Fife By: Steven R. Fife Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.8>
 7
 keyexecutivebenefitsagre.htm
 EX-10.8

keyexecutivebenefitsagre 

1 KEY EXECUTIVE BENEFITS AGREEMENT LifeVantage Corporation (the Company has established this Key Executive Benefits Agreement (the Agreement to attract, motivate and retain certain key executives of the Company. An employee is considered a Key Executive upon the recommendation of the CEO and approval by the Company s Compensation Committee. The terms and conditions of this Agreement are as follows: 1. Position and Responsibilities. a. As of your hire date or your promotion date as applicable, you will commence serving as a key management executive of the Company as its [___________________] reporting directly to the President and CEO. You shall have the duties, responsibilities and authority that are customarily associated with such position and such other senior management duties as may reasonably be assigned. You will devote your full time, efforts, abilities, and energies to promote the general welfare and interests of the Company and any related enterprises of the Company. Unless otherwise approved in writing by the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, your primary workplace will be located at the Company s headquarters located in Lehi, Utah; provided, however, that you may be required to travel from time to time as reasonably required for business purposes. b. Nothing herein shall preclude you from (i) serving, with the prior written consent of the President and CEO, as a member of the board of directors or advisory boards (or their equivalents in the case of a non-corporate entity) of non-competing businesses and charitable organizations as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs, and (iii) managing your personal investments and affairs; provided, however, that the activities set out in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) shall be limited by you so as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of your duties and responsibilities hereunder. 2. Annual Incentive Plan. As a key executive and during your continued employment as a key executive, you will be eligible to participate in the Board of Directors approved Employee Annual Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time in the Company s sole discretion, at the level indicated in Exhibit A pursuant to the plan details. Any Annual Incentive Award (the Award shall be paid to you during the first three months of the fiscal year that follows the applicable performance fiscal year. The Award will be deemed to have been earned on the date of payment of such Award and you must remain an employee of the Company through the date of payment in order to receive the Award. 3. Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan. As a key executive and during your continued employment as a key executive, you may be eligible to participate in the Board of Directors approved Employee Equity Plan pursuant to the plan details as amended from time to time in the Company s sole discretion. Such equity grants, if any, will be made in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors and will be subject to the terms and conditions specified by the Board of Directors, the Company s stock plan, the award agreement that you must execute as a condition of any grant and the Company s insider trading policy. If required by applicable law with respect to transactions involving Company equity securities, you agree that you shall use your best efforts to comply with any duty that you may have to (i) timely report any such transactions and (ii) to refrain from engaging in certain transactions from time to time. The Company has no duty to register under (or otherwise obtain an exemption from) the Securities Act of 1933 (or applicable state securities laws) with respect to any Company equity securities that may be issued to you. 

2 4. Employee Benefit Programs. a. During your employment with the Company, and except as may be provided under an employee stock purchase plan, you will be entitled to participate, in all Company employee benefit plans and programs at the time or thereafter made available to Key Executives including, without limitation, any savings or profit sharing plans, deferred compensation plans, stock option incentive plans, group life insurance, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, hospitalization, surgical, major medical and dental coverage, vacation, sick leave (including salary continuation arrangements), long-term disability, holidays and other employee benefit programs sponsored by the Company. b. LifeVantage will pay all or a portion of the costs associated with the following Company employee benefit plans: i. Life Insurance ii. Long Term Disability iii. Short Term Disability iv. Health Insurance v. Dental Insurance vi. Vision Insurance c. The Company may amend, modify or terminate these benefits in its sole discretion at any time and for any reason. Any change in any employee benefit program or programs applicable to all covered key executive employees or all covered employees shall not constitute a material breach of this Agreement. 5. Termination of Employment. a. Accrued Pay. Unless the Company requests otherwise in writing, upon termination of your employment for any reason, you understand and agree that you shall be deemed to have also immediately resigned from all positions as a key executive with the Company (and its affiliates) as of your last day of employment (the Termination Date ). Upon termination of your employment for any reason, you shall receive payment or benefits from the Company covering the following: (i) all unpaid salary and unpaid vacation accrued pursuant to the paid time off policy through the Termination Date, (ii) any payments/benefits to which you are entitled under the express terms of any applicable Company employee benefit plan, (iii) any unreimbursed valid business expenses for which you have submitted properly documented reimbursement requests, and (iv) your then outstanding equity compensation awards as governed by their applicable terms (collectively, (i) through (iv) are the Accrued Pay ). You may also be eligible for other post-employment payments and benefits as provided in this Agreement. Termination shall not be made until on or after the date of a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. b. At-Will Employment. Your employment with the Company is at-will. This means that your employment is not for any specified period of time and can be terminated by you or by the Company at any time, with or without advance notice or additional payment, and with or without Cause, or for any reason or no reason at all. It also means that your job duties, title, responsibility and reporting level, and compensation and benefits, as well as the Company s personnel policies and procedures, may be changed at any time, with or without notice, in the Company s sole and absolute discretion. c. For Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, your employment may be terminated by the Company for Cause as a result of the occurrence of one or more of the following: 

3 i. your refusal, or inability to satisfactorily, in the judgment or your supervisor, perform in any material respect your duties and responsibilities for the Company (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness); ii. willful failure to comply with any valid and legal directive of the Company or the board; iii. engagement in dishonesty or conduct (illegal or otherwise), which is, in each case, materially injurious, or brings public disgrace or disrepute, to the Company or its affiliates; iv. embezzlement, misappropriation, or fraud, whether or not related to your employment with the Company; v. conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; vi. material violation of the Company s written policies or codes of conduct, including, but not limited to, written policies related to discrimination, harassment, performance of illegal or unethical activities, and ethical misconduct; vii. unauthorized disclosure of the Company s Proprietary Information (as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement) and/or other confidential, proprietary, and/or trade secret information; or viii. material breach of any material obligation under this Agreement or any other written agreement between you and the Company. In the event your employment is terminated by the Company for Cause you will be entitled only to your Accrued Pay and you will be entitled to no other compensation from the Company. d. Without Cause. The Company may terminate your employment Without Cause at any time and for any reason. If your employment is terminated Without Cause then, in addition to your Accrued Pay, you will be eligible to receive severance consisting of continued base salary (as of your Termination Date) for a period of [6 / 12] months. The severance shall be paid to you in cash, less applicable withholdings, in bi-monthly installments pursuant to the Company s normal payroll process beginning on the first payroll date occurring after expiration of the Release Deadline (as defined below) and revocation period set forth in the Release (as defined below); provided, however, that if the timeframe from your Termination Date through the Release Deadline and revocation period spans two calendar years, then the severance payments shall commence on the first payroll date in the second calendar year. As a condition precedent to receiving (and continuing to receive) the payments provided in this Section you must execute (and not revoke) and deliver to the Company a release of claims set forth in a Separation Agreement and General Release (the Release in a form provided by the Company on or before the date specified by the Company in such form (the Release Deadline and such Release shall include without limitation a release of all claims against the Company and its affiliates along with a covenant not to sue and (ii) requirements for you to remain in full compliance with such Release, this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement. e. Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, resigning for Good Reason shall mean (a) a material breach of this Agreement by the Company, (b) a material reduction in your base salary other than a general reduction in base salary that affects all similarly situated executives in substantially the same proportions, or (c) a material change in your duties or responsibilities; provided, that in each case you must provide the Company with written notice of the events you indicate constitutes grounds for a Good Reason resignation within thirty (30) days of the occurrence of such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, changing 

4 your reporting line shall not constitute Good Reason. Failure to give such notice within thirty (30) days of the occurrence shall be deemed a waiver by you of your right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such circumstances. If you provide such notice, the Company thereafter will have forty-five (45) days to cure such alleged breach. If the Company does not cure the alleged breach within the forty-five (45) day notice period, you must thereafter resign within fifteen (15) days of the expiration of the forty-five (45) day notice period in order to resign for Good Reason. f. Voluntary Termination. You may voluntarily terminate your employment without Good Reason by giving the Company written notice of said resignation. The Company may elect to pay your base salary in lieu of notice you provide. In the event you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company without Good Reason, you will be entitled to receive only your Accrued Pay. You will be entitled to no other compensation from the Company. g. Death or Disability. Your employment hereunder shall terminate automatically upon your death during your employment, and the Company may terminate your employment on account of your Incapacity. In the event of termination of your employment by reason of your death or Incapacity, you or your estate will be entitled to receive your Accrued Pay. Incapacity shall mean your inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to substantially perform your duties and responsibilities under this Agreement for one hundred eighty (180) days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period or one hundred twenty (120) consecutive days; provided however, in the event the Company temporarily replaces you, or transfers your duties or responsibilities to another individual on account of your inability to perform such duties due to a mental or physical incapacity which is, or is reasonably expected to become, a Incapacity, then your employment shall not be deemed terminated by the Company and you shall not be able to resign with Good Reason as a result thereof. Any question as to the existence of your Incapacity as to which you and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to you and the Company. If you and the Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of Incapacity made in writing to the Company and Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement. 6. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement; Confidentiality. You will be required, as a condition of your employment with the Company, to timely execute the Company s form Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement as may be amended from time to time by the Company Confidentiality Agreement ). Your duties and obligations pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreement are in addition to those you agree to herein. However, to the extent there is a conflict between the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 7. Governing Law; Arbitration. a. To the extent not preempted by federal law, this Agreement will be deemed a contract made under, and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Utah. b. Any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including without limitation Company or its affiliates, and any current or former employee, officer, director, shareholder, member, manager, or benefit plan of Company or its affiliates in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from your employment with Company or the termination of your employment with Company, including any breach of this Agreement, will be subject to private and confidential binding arbitration to be held in the city of Salt Lake City, State of Utah administered by the American Arbitration Association AAA in accordance with its rules then in effect for the resolution of employment disputes (the Rules ). The AAA s optional rules for Emergency Measures or protection are also adopted. Subject to section 5.f. below, you covenant and promise that should you commence any action or pursue a claim 

5 based on a dispute which you agree to arbitrate, you will do so before the AAA as set forth herein and will not file any complaint or other pleading in a local, state or federal court, acknowledging that doing so would damage Company and deprive it of the benefits of the private and confidential dispute resolution provided for herein. Disputes which you agree to arbitrate, and thereby agree to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under state or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination In Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, and any statutory claims. You further understand that this agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that Company may have with you arising during your employment with Company or the termination of your employment with Company. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you forego any right to bring claims as a representative or as a member of a class or in a private attorney general capacity, and expressly disclaim your right to be part of a class, collective action, or a private attorney general claim. Nothing in this provision limits or prohibits employees from engaging in a Protected Activity as defined in this Agreement or as established under State or Federal Law. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the arbitration will be private and confidential. The arbitrator will issue an order providing that all pleadings, motions, discovery, responses, depositions, testimony, case management orders, decisions, and documents exchanged or filed in relation to the arbitration be kept strictly private and confidential. The arbitrator will issue the standard protective order referenced in local rule 26-2 of the United States District Court for the District of Utah. c. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following claims are not covered by this arbitration provision: claims for workers compensation benefits, claims for unemployment compensation benefits, claims under the National Labor Relations Act, claims based upon Company s employee benefits and welfare plans that contain an appeal procedure or other procedure for the resolution of disputes under the plan, and claims by Company for injunction or other equitable relief, including without limitation claims for unfair competition and the unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets or confidential information. d. You agree that any arbitration will be administered by the AAA and that a single neutral arbitrator will be selected in a manner consistent with the Rules. You agree that the arbitrator will administer and conduct any arbitration in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act and the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (the FRCP ), and that arbitrator will apply substantive Utah law to any dispute or claim, without reference to any conflict of law provisions of any jurisdiction and to the extent that the Rules conflict with the FRCP, the FRCP will take precedence. You agree that the arbitrator will have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and adjudication and motions to dismiss and demurrers, prior to any arbitration hearing. Motions for summary judgment, partial summary judgment, or summary adjudication will be decided according to Rule 56 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and applicable case law. Notwithstanding any AAA rules or arbitration procedure, it is the intent of the parties that the arbitrator will consider and rule on any such motions as if in a federal court of the United States. You also agree that the arbitrator will have the power to award any remedies, including attorneys fees and costs, available under applicable law. The Company will pay the joint costs and expenses of such arbitration. Notwithstanding this provision, the Company will not pay any costs or expenses of the arbitration that are incurred solely by you. Each party will separately pay for its respective counsel fees and expenses; provided, however, that the arbitrator will award attorneys fees and costs to the prevailing party except as prohibited by law. Except as set forth herein or as agreed by the parties in writing, you agree that the arbitrator will administer and conduct any arbitration in a manner consistent with the Rules. Employee agrees that the decision of the arbitrator will be in writing and set forth the reasoning thereof. e. Except as provided by the Rules and this Agreement, including without limitation Section 7.c. above, arbitration will be the sole, exclusive and final remedy for any dispute between Company and you. Accordingly, except as provided for by the Rules and this Agreement, neither Company nor you will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. Notwithstanding, the 

6 arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard or refuse to enforce any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator will not order or require Company to adopt a policy not otherwise required by law which Company has not adopted. Further, any party may seek a separate order from a court of competent jurisdiction enforcing the arbitrator s order protecting the disclosure of pleadings, motions, discovery responses, depositions, testimony, case management orders, decisions, and documents exchanged or filed in the arbitration, provided such motion and responses thereto are filed under seal. f. In addition to the right under the Rules to petition the court for provisional relief, you agree that any party may also petition the court for injunctive relief where either party alleges or claims a violation of this Agreement or any other agreement regarding trade secrets, confidential information, non- competition, or non-solicitation. Employee understands that any breach or threatened breach of such agreement will cause irreparable injury and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy therefor and both parties hereby consent to the issuance of a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, permanent injunction, or other injunctive relief, without posting any bond or other security, compelling you to comply with all provisions of such agreements. The preceding sentence will not be construed to limit Company from any other relief or damages to which it may be entitled because of your breach of any provision of this Agreement. If either party seeks injunctive relief, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover reasonable costs and attorneys fees. 8. Taxes. The Company shall have the right to withhold and deduct from any payment hereunder any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to any such payment. The Company shall not be liable to you or other persons as to any unexpected or adverse tax consequence realized by you and you shall be solely responsible for the timely payment of all taxes arising from this Agreement that are imposed on you. This Agreement is intended to comply with the applicable requirements of Code Section 409A and shall be limited, construed and interpreted in a manner so as to comply therewith. Each payment made pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment and not one of a series of payments for purposes of Code Section 409A. While it is intended that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement to you will be exempt from or comply with Code Section 409A, the Company makes no representation or covenant to ensure that the payments under this Agreement are exempt from or compliant with Code Section 409A. The Company will have no liability to you or any other party if a payment or benefit under this Agreement is challenged by any taxing authority or is ultimately determined not to be exempt or compliant. In addition, if upon your Termination Date, you are then a specified employee (as defined in Code Section 409A), then solely to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A and avoid the imposition of taxes under Code Section 409A, the Company shall defer payment of nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A payable as a result of and within six (6) months following your Termination Date until the earlier of (i) the first business day of the seventh (7th) month following your Termination Date or (ii) ten (10) days after the Company receives written confirmation of your death. Any such delayed payments shall be made without interest. Additionally, the reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to the following conditions: (1) the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in one taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other taxable year; (2) the reimbursement of eligible expenses or in-kind benefits shall be made promptly, subject to the Company s applicable policies, but in no event later than the end of the year after the year in which such expense was incurred; and (3) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 9. Entire Agreement. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, this Agreement (including without limitation the Confidentiality Agreement, the policies referenced in Section 12.f. and any other agreements referenced herein) contains all the legally binding understandings and agreements between you and the Company pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all such agreements, whether oral or in writing, previously discussed or 

7 entered into between the parties including without limitation any term sheets regarding your potential employment with the Company. 10. Key Executive Representations. As a material condition of this Agreement, you represent that by entering into this Agreement or by becoming a Company employee you are not violating the terms of any other contract or agreement or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. You further agree and represent that in providing your services to the Company you will not utilize or disclose any other entity s trade secrets or confidential information or proprietary information. You represent that you are not resigning employment or relocating any residence in reliance on any promise or representation by the Company regarding the kind, character, or existence of such work, or the length of time such work will last, or the compensation therefor. 11. Non-Solicitation and Non-Competition. a. Non-solicitation of employees and consultants. During your employment and for a period of two (2) years after your employment terminates, you will not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, encourage, influence, or persuade, or attempt to solicit, induce, encourage influence or persuade, any officer, employee, consultant (including without limitation independent contractors) or agent of the Company (or any of its affiliates) to alter, reduce, or terminate their employment or relationship with the Company or to any way breach their duties and obligations to the Company. b. Non-solicitation of Independent Consultants, or Customers. To the extent permitted under applicable law, and in order to protect the Proprietary Information of Company as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement Proprietary Information and preserve the Company s relationships with its current and prospective Independent Consultants (formerly Independent Distributors) and customers, you agree that during your employment and for a period of two (2) years after your employment with the Company ends for any reason, you will not directly or indirectly solicit, induce, encourage, influence, or persuade, or attempt to solicit, induce, encourage, influence or persuade, any current or prospective Independent Consultant(s) (formerly Independent Distributor(s)), subscription Customer(s) or retail Customer(s) to (i) join any company, business or entity that competes with the Company s products and services including start-ups even before such begins selling competing products or services; (ii) join any company, business or entity engaged in direct sales or network marketing, including start-ups even before such takes on a single distributor, consultant, subscription customer, preferred customer, or retail customer; or (iii) alter, reduce, or discontinue its relationship with the Company. By signing the Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that the Company is trying to protect legitimate business interests by this prohibition and such prohibition is reasonable in its scope and duration. c. Non-Competition. You shall not, during your employment and for a period of [_____] months after your employment with the Company ends for any reason, directly or indirectly engage in, advise or consult with, contribute your knowledge to, own, manage, invest in, operate, control, or accept employment with any company, business or entity that (i) competes with the Company s products and services including start-ups even before such begins selling competing products or services or (ii) engages in direct sales or network marketing, including start-ups even before such takes on a single distributor, consultant, subscription customer, preferred customer, or retail customer. Following expiration of the aforementioned period, you shall continue to be obligated under the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement and of the Confidentiality Agreement not to disclose and/or use Proprietary Information so long as it shall remain proprietary or protectable as confidential 

8 or trade secret information. The geographic limitation to this Section 11.c. is any state, county, or locality in the United States in which the Company conducts business or was planning or preparing to conduct business and any other country, city, state, province, jurisdiction, or territory in which the Company conducts business or was planning or preparing to conduct business. Notwithstanding your obligations under this Section 11.c., you will be entitled to own, as a passive investor, up to five percent (5 of any publicly traded company without violating this provision. The Company and you agree that: this provision does not impose an undue hardship on you and is not injurious to the public; that this provision is necessary to protect the business of the Company and its affiliates; the nature of your responsibilities with the Company under this Agreement require you to have access to confidential information which is valuable and confidential to the Company; this provision is necessary to protect the Company s confidential information, including but not limited to trade secrets belonging to the Company; the scope of this Section 11 is reasonable in terms of length of time and geographic scope; and adequate consideration supports this Section 11, including the consideration herein. d. Modification By Court. If any court or arbitrator determines that any post- employment restrictive covenant is unreasonable in any respect, you agree that the Court may modify any unreasonable terms and enforce the agreement as modified. e. Extension of Non-Compete. For any period of time in which you are found to be in violation of any of the above non-compete or non-solicitation agreements, that period of time shall be added on to the length of the restriction or period of protection for the Company. f. Notice to Subsequent Employers. You agree that the Company may provide notice of your obligations under any provision of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement to any company or future employer of yours should the Company consider it necessary for the enforcement of those obligations. 12. Covenants. As a condition of this Agreement and to your receipt of any post-employment benefits, you agree that you will fully and timely comply with all of the covenants set forth in this Agreement (which shall survive your termination of employment and termination or expiration of this Agreement): a. You will fully comply with all obligations under this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement and further agree that the provisions of this Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement or termination of your employment or any subsequent service relationship with the Company; b. Within five (5) days of the Termination Date, you shall return to the Company all Company Proprietary Information as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement, and you shall not retain any copies, facsimiles or summaries of any Company Proprietary Information; c. Except as set forth in Section 18, you will not at any time make or publish (or direct anyone to make or publish) in any forum or through any medium, including every social media platform and/or electronic medium any negative or disparaging statements or comments (whether oral or written) whatsoever about the Company, or any of its affiliated entities, officers, directors, employees, stockholders, independent distributors, representatives, agents or contractors, or any of the Company s products or services. As used in this paragraph, the term disparaging means anything unflattering and/or negative, whether such communication is true or untrue; 

9 d. You agree that, upon the Company s request and without any payment therefore, you shall reasonably cooperate with the Company (and be available as necessary) after the Termination Date in connection with any matters involving events that occurred during your period of employment with the Company; e. You also agree that you will fully and timely comply with all of the covenants set forth below (which shall survive your termination of employment and termination or expiration of this Agreement): i. You will fully pay off any outstanding amounts owed to the Company no later than their applicable due date or within thirty days of your Termination Date (if no other due date has been previously established); ii. Within five (5) days of the Termination Date, you shall return to the Company all Company property including, but not limited to, computers and other electronic devices, drives, data, documents, cell phones, pagers, keys, business cards, passwords necessary to access systems, websites, cloud services, etc. that contain Company property etc., in good working condition and without altering or removing items and not retain copies of any such documents, data or information; iii. Within thirty (30) days of the Termination Date, you will submit any outstanding expense reports to the Company for expenses incurred prior to the Termination Date; and iv. As of the Termination Date, you will no longer represent that you are an officer, director or employee of the Company and you will immediately discontinue using your Company mailing address, telephone, facsimile machines, voice mail and e-mail and to the extent you resign with another job in-hand you will disclose the identity of your new employer. f. You agree that you will strictly adhere to and obey all Company rules, policies, procedures, regulations and guidelines, including but not limited to those contained in the Company's Code of Conduct, as well any others that the Company may establish including without limitation any policy the Company adopts on the recoupment of compensation Clawback Policy ). 13. Offset. Any severance or other payments or benefits made to you under this Agreement may be reduced, in the Company s discretion, by any amounts you owe to the Company provided that any such offsets do not violate Code Section 409A. 14. Notice. Any notice that the Company is required to or may desire to give you shall be given by personal delivery, recognized overnight courier service, email, telecopy or registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to you at your address of record with the Company, or at such other place as you may from time to time designate in writing. Any notice that you are required or may desire to give to the Company hereunder shall be given by personal delivery, recognized overnight courier service, email, telecopy or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the Company s General Counsel at its principal office, or at such other office as the Company may from time to time designate in writing. The date of actual delivery of any notice under this Section shall be deemed to be the date of delivery thereof. 15. Waiver; Severability. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived unless such amendment or waiver is agreed to by you and the Company in writing and such amendment or waiver expressly references this Section. No waiver by you or the Company of the breach of any condition 

10 or provision of this Agreement will be deemed a waiver of a similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time. Except as expressly provided herein to the contrary, failure or delay on the part of either party hereto to enforce any right, power, or privilege hereunder will not be deemed to constitute a waiver thereof. In the event any portion of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining portions shall be unaffected thereby and will remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law. 16. Voluntary Agreement. You acknowledge that you have been advised to review this Agreement with your own legal counsel and other advisors of your choosing and that prior to entering into this Agreement, you have had the opportunity to review this Agreement with your attorney and other advisors and have not asked (or relied upon) the Company or its counsel to represent you or your counsel in this matter. You further represent that you have carefully read and understand the scope and effect of the provisions of this Agreement and that you are fully aware of the legal and binding effect of this Agreement. This Agreement is executed voluntarily by you and without any duress or undue influence on the part or behalf of the Company. 17. Key-Man Insurance. The Company shall have the right to insure your life for the sole benefit of the Company, in such amounts, and with such terms, as it may determine. All premiums payable thereon shall be the obligation of the Company. You shall have no interest in any such policy, but you agree to cooperate with the Company in taking out such insurance by submitting to physical examinations, supplying all information required by the insurance company, and executing all necessary documents, provided that no financial obligation is imposed on you by any such documents. 18. Protected Activity Not Prohibited. You understand that nothing in this Agreement shall in any way limit or prohibit you from engaging in any Protected Activity. For purposes of this Agreement, Protected Activity means filing a charge, complaint, or report with, or otherwise communicating, cooperating, or participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by, any federal, state or local government agency or commission, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the National Labor Relations Board Government Agencies ). In addition, Protected Activity includes any action to (i) form, join or assist a union; (ii) choose a representative to bargain with us on your behalf; (iii) discuss and act together with other employees for your mutual benefit and protection with respect to terms and conditions of employment; or (iv) choose not to engage in any of these protected activities. You understand that in connection with such Protected Activity, you are permitted to disclose documents or other information as permitted by law, and without giving notice to, or receiving authorization from, the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree to take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of any information that may constitute Company Proprietary Information under the Confidentiality Agreement to any parties other than the Government Agencies. You further understand that Protected Activity does not include the disclosure of any Company attorney-client privileged communications. Any language in the Confidentiality Agreement regarding your right to engage in Protected Activity that conflicts with, or is contrary to, this paragraph is superseded by this Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you are notified that an individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official (directly or indirectly) or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (b) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if (and only if) such filing is made under seal. In addition, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the individual s attorney and use the trade 

11 secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: Date: Date: LIFEVANTAGE CORPORATION ________________________ BY: Steven R. Fife TITLE: President CEO KEY EXECUTIVE ________________________ BY: TITLE: 

12 EXHIBIT A TARGET ANNUAL INCENTIVE Name Title Target Annual Incentive 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 ex231deloitteconsent063020.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-252013, 333-228627, 333-216957, 333-200363, 333-183461, 333-175104, 333-158704, and 333-144247 on Form S-8, and the Registration Statement No. 333-271061 on Form S-3 of our report dated August 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of LifeVantage Corporation appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche, LLP 
 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 August 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 9
 ex231wsrpconsent06302023.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement Nos. 333-252013, 333-228627, 333-216957, 333-200363, 333-183461, 333-175104, 333-158704, and 333-144247 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-271061 on Form S-3 of LifeVantage Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company of our report dated August 23, 2022, relating to the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of June 30, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 s WSRP, LLC 
 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 
 August 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex311ceosec302certificatio.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Steven R. Fife, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LifeVantage Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 August 28, 2023 s Steven R. Fife Steven R. Fife President & Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex312cfosec302certificatio.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Carl A. Aure, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LifeVantage Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 August 28, 2023 s Carl A. Aure Carl A. Aure Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex321ceosec906certificatio.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the filing of this annual report on Form 10-K of LifeVantage Corporation (the Company for the period ended June 30, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven R. Fife, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 August 28, 2023 s Steven R. Fife Steven R. Fife President & Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex322cfosec906certificatio.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the filing of this annual report on Form 10-K of LifeVantage Corporation (the Company for the period ended June 30, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Carl A. Aure, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 August 28, 2023 s Carl A. Aure Carl A. Aure 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 lfvn-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 lfvn-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 lfvn-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 lfvn-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 lfvn-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

