<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230907_10-K_edgar_data_1733861_0001185185-23-000944.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2174025</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87008</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>502190</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>498071</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>495500</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>541857</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-23-000944.hdr.sgml : 20230907
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230906174414
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-23-000944
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230907
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230906

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REST EZ Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001733861
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				824268982
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56447
		FILM NUMBER:		231240344

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		263 EAST 8680 SOUTH
		CITY:			SANDY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-202-9256

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		263 EAST 8680 SOUTH
		CITY:			SANDY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84070

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-23-000944.txt : 20230907

10-K
 1
 restez20230331_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

restez20230331_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 	 	 	 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 	 	 	 	 	 Incorporation or Organization) 	 	 	 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Issuer s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 	 	 	 Trading Symbol 	 	 	 Name of each exchange on which registered 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 None 	 	 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 	 	 	 Accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Smaller reporting company 	 	 	 	 	 	 Emerging growth company 	 	 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the e ectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes 

The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates on September 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second quarter, was . 

As of September 1, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 

Description of Business 

4 

Item 1A 

Risk Factors 

7 

Item 1B 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

10 

Item 2 

Properties 

10 

Item 3 

Legal Proceedings 

10 

Item 4 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

10 

PART II 

Item 5 

Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

11 

Item 6 

Selected Financial Data 

11 

Item 7 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

12 

Item 7A 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

15 

Item 8 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

16 

Item 9 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

28 

Item 9A 

Controls and Procedures 

28 

Item 9B 

Other Information 

29 

Item 9C 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

29 

PART III 

Item 10 

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

30 

Item 11 

Executive Compensation 

31 

Item 12 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

31 

Item 13 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

32 

Item 14 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

32 

PART IV 

Item 15 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

33 

Item 16 

Form 10-K Summary 

33 

Signatures 

34 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business. 

The Company was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on October 17, 2016. Rest EZ, Inc. markets a sleeping aid soft gel capsule to be sold to the general public through wholesalers and retailers, as well as online at www.RestEz.net. The Rest EZ Sleep Aid Supplement soft gel capsule is a liquid gel capsule containing soybean oil, Melatonin, gelatin, glycerin, L-glutamic Acid, yellow beeswax, purified water, L-leucine, L-arginine and lecithin. It provides faster rate with up to 100 absorption by the body. The gels are manufactured by an unaffiliated outside provider, Sport Energy. 

Beyond the general FDA requirement that every dietary supplement be labeled as such, either with the term "dietary supplement" or with a term that substitutes a description of the product's dietary ingredient(s) for the word "dietary" (e.g., "herbal supplement" or "calcium supplement"), and the FDA s safety monitoring responsibilities for dietary supplement firms once a dietary supplement is on the market, there are no additional FDA requirements specific to this product, and federal law does not require dietary supplements to be proven safe to FDA's satisfaction before they are marketed. 

Rest EZ, Inc. has commenced its full operations of having its Rest EZ Sleep Aid Supplement soft gel distributed nationwide through wholesalers and retailers, as well as online at www.RestEz.net. The Company does not manufacture its own soft gel capsule; this is outsourced to Sport Energy, an unaffiliated outside provider, who manufactures liquid gels. We plan during the next twelve months to increase our client base by aggressively marketing our product to generate: (1) wholesalers and expand our wholesale base; (2) sales on our website; and (3) sales through retail chain stores and word of mouth advertising. 

Rest EZ Inc. Inc. has developed a plan to market its soft gel capsule to the general public. Rest EZ, Inc. has wholesale distribution, retail, and online sales through our web site www.restez.net. 

Overall Strategic Direction 

Over the next twelve months, Rest EZ, Inc. plans establish its reputation in the soft gel capsule industry and network in the wholesale and retail markets, thereby attracting new customers. The Company plans to generate and/or obtain new clients through word of mouth, wholesale, retail and Internet. In the soft gel capsule business, as in most similar businesses, word of mouth advertisement is very effective. Once potential clients see our soft gel capsule at various retail or internet and/or community gatherings, the Company is confident that it will be able to attract and/or obtain new clients, based on favorable reception in the retail sector thus far. 

The Company aims to form long-term working relationships with wholesalers and retailers throughout the nation. 

Manufacturing and Packaging 

Rest EZ, Inc. is not and will not be the manufacturer of the soft gel capsule it markets. The gels are manufactured and packaged by an unaffiliated outside provider, Sport Energy, with whom Rest EZ, Inc. has a verbal agreement. The terms of our verbal agreement are as follows: Rest EZ Inc. will provide a Purchase Order to Sport Energy for every manufacturing order, Sport Energy will then send an invoice payable in full prior to delivery of the product. 

The capsules will be manufactured and packaged in bulk quantities for sale in anticipation of fulfillment of orders as placed by wholesalers/retailers and on our web site at www.restez.net. 

Sales Strategy 

The Company has established a strong sales approach: direct sales through Mr. Sosa to wholesalers and retailers, along with our professional and easy to use web site. Our direct sales will be conducted by Mr. Sosa. He will market the product to wholesalers nationally, to retail chain stores and worldwide distributors. The Company s current marketing strategy consists of various Point of Sale materials to include advertising posters, flyers and magnetic strips with the Company s name and product. In addition, sales will be done through referrals, distribution by wholesalers and online marketing. 

Over the next twelve months, Rest EZ, Inc. plans to expand its reputation further, add wholesalers, retail chain stores, and increase sales to the public. 

4

Table of Contents 

The Sleeping Aid Supplement Industry 

Competition 

There are numerous companies and individuals who are engaged in the sleeping aid supplement business, and such business is intensely competitive. We believe the highly specialized nature of our corporate focus, utilizing the sleep aid combined with certain amino acids in a soft gel capsule, enables us to be a better long-term partner for our clients than those organized as a traditional sleeping aid supplement company. Our research shows it is difficult to determine the correct way to manufacture this product in a true liquid gel form, as the ingredients tend to break down when mixed with water or any other liquid. Rest EZ, Inc. has found the right combination to make an easy-to-use sleep aid liquid gel capsule that enhances the benefits of taking the Sleep Aid. 

The Company believes that by offering only its quality Sleep Aid soft gel capsule and superior service to its customers, we will be able to generate more customers. Nevertheless, many of our competitors have significantly greater financial and other resources, as well as greater managerial capabilities, than we do and are therefore, in certain respects, in a better position than we are to provide soft gel capsules. We believe our ability to compete will depend upon many factors both within and outside our control, including, but not limited to pricing, the timing and market acceptance of soft gel caps, and services. We will face direct competition from several online, direct marketing, privately held companies. 

Current Business Focus 

The Company s business focus is to market the Sleep Aid soft gel capsules at a reasonable price to the largest percentage of the target market population as possible. The Company believes that the ability to deliver a quality product that few other companies and/or individuals produce is the main factor in generating a customer base and fostering repeat customers. 

Advantages of Competitors over us 

Many of our existing and potential competitors, which will include online Sleep Aid supplements businesses are focusing more closely on internet-based sales, these companies have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources, greater name recognition and a larger installed customer base than we will. Furthermore, there is the risk that larger financial companies which offer internet and direct sales may decide to use extremely low pricing rates in the Sleep Aid supplement market to acquire and accumulate customer accounts and additional self-space at stores. We do not plan to offer extremely low pricing; therefore, such pricing techniques, should they become common in our industry, could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business model. 

Generally, competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging changes in customer requirements or to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products and services than we will. 

There can be no assurance that our potential competitors will not develop products and services comparable or superior to those that will be developed and offered by us or adapt more quickly than us to changing customer requirements, or that we will be able to timely and adequately complete the implementation, and appropriately maintain and enhance the operation, of our business model. Increased competition could result in price reductions, reduced margins, failure to obtain any significant market share, or loss of market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors, or that competitive pressures faced by us will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete against other Sleep Aid supplement businesses. 

Customer Base 

Rest EZ, Inc. does not currently have an established customer base. 

Competitive Advantages 

Experienced Management 

The Company believes that it has experienced management. Our sole Director and executive officer, Mr. Sosa has over 8 years of experience in the health supplements industries and as such is very knowledgeable about energy supplements. The Company believes that the knowledge, relationships, reputation and successful track record of its management will help to build and maintain its client base. 

5

Table of Contents 

High Quality Product 

The Company believes that its ability to provide quality soft gel capsules is one of its key advantages. Through a quality product, the Company will develop a strong customer base, repeat customers and an elevated reputation. 

Research and Development 

The Company is not currently conducting any research and development activities. However, if research and development is required in the future, we intend to rely on third party service providers. 

Additional Products 

The Company does not intend to market any other products currently. 

Employees 

Brandon Sosa is the sole Director, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Rest EZ, Inc. There are no other employees of the Company. 

The Company plans to employ individuals on an as needed basis. The Company anticipates that it will need to hire additional employees as the business grows. In addition, the Company may expand the size of our Board of Directors in the future. 

Mr. Sosa does not receive a salary or benefits in any form. Presently the Company does not have any plans to begin paying salaries, cash or otherwise, or offering any form of benefits to our Board of Directors, Officer and employees. 

Mr. Sosa currently devotes approximately 28 hours per week to the affairs of the Company. Once the Company achieves more revenue Mr. Sosa will devote 40 hours per week to the Company or more and draw a salary of 2,000 per month. 

6

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before you invest in our common stock, you should carefully consider the following risks, as well as general economic and business risks, and all of the other information contained in this Report. Any of the following risks could harm our business, operating results and financial condition and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. When determining whether to invest, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Report including our financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

(A) RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

Risks Related to Our Business 

If the Company needs additional money and if money is raised through the sale of our securities, the issuance of those securities could result in dilution to our existing security holders. If we raise money through debt financing or bank loans, we may be required to secure the financing with some or all of our business assets. 

Side effects of the product. 

-When taken by mouth in high doses, any sleeping aid is possibly unsafe. There is some concern that it could harm kidney, liver, or heart function. However, a connection between high doses and these negative effects has not been proven. 

-Sleep Aid can also cause stomach pain, nausea, diarrhea, and muscle cramping if more than the recommended amount is taken. 

-There is some concern that combining sleeping aids with caffeine and the herb ephedra (also called Ma Huang) might increase the chance of having serious side effects such as nausea, or stomach pain. 

-There is concern that sleeping aids might cause irregular heartbeat in some people, but more information is needed to know if Sleep Aids can cause this problem. 

It is not known how the aforementioned side effects could impact our business. We suspect some potential users of the product may decide to forego purchase of the product, but such persons would not be within the target market of the product. 

There are many inherent risks and difficulties in introducing a new product to the market place. 

The Company has begun to market its product nationally, to wholesalers and retailers, and develop our brand name. However, we face many of the risks and difficulties inherent in introducing a new product. These risks include, but are not limited to, the ability to: 

Increase awareness of our brand name; 

Develop an effective business plan; 

Meet customer standards; 

Implement an advertising and marketing plan; 

Attain customer loyalty; 

Maintain current strategic relationships and develop new strategic relationships; 

Respond effectively to competitive pressures; 

Continue to develop and upgrade our product; and 

Attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had a working capital deficit of 170,564. The Company believes it does not have enough capital to sustain business operations for 12 months without any additional capital needed. Mr. Sosa has indicated he would be able to fund another 100,000 if the company needs further assistance, but there is always the possibility that the company will need additional sources of financing in the future, as a result, an investment in our securities represents some risk and you may lose all or part of your entire investment. 

Rest EZ, Inc. will rely on funding from Mr. Sosa until the company is self-sufficient. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company received payment for orders in the aggregate amount of 519,443; the proceeds from these orders is used for manufacturing purposes and running the company. 

We do not expect any foreseeable losses in the future due to additional ingredient costs or other related costs that may or may not arise. 

7

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to build our brand awareness. 

Development and awareness of our brand Rest EZ, Inc. will depend largely upon our success in creating a customer base and potential referral sources. In order to attract and retain customers and to promote and maintain our brand in response to competitive pressures, management plans to drastically increase the Company s marketing and advertising budgets. If we are unable to economically promote or maintain our brand, then our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be harmed. 

The Company s current business operations rely heavily upon our key wholesalers, retailers, and sole officer, director, and founder. 

The Company is heavily dependent upon the key wholesalers, retailers and internet sales of Rest EZ, as well as the expertise and management of our Chief Executive Officer, President, and sole director. The Company s future performance will depend upon the continued services of our CEO, the loss of which could seriously interrupt the Company s business operations, and negatively impact our ability to fulfill our business plan and carry out existing operations. The Company currently does not maintain key man life insurance on this individual. There can be no assurance that a suitable replacement could be found upon his retirement, resignation, inability to act on our behalf, or death. The Company has no plans of entering into an employment agreement with the CEO. 

Our CEO currently devotes approximately 28 hours per week to the affairs of the Company. He will devote 40 hours (or more) per week to the Company, and draw a salary of 2,000 per month, after the company is self-sufficient. 

The company s future growth may require recruitment of qualified employees. 

In the event of our future growth in administration, marketing, and customer support functions, the Company may have to increase the depth and experience of the Company by adding new members. The Company s future success will depend upon the active participation of its key officer. 

Product sales were to one major customer. 

Product sales and revenue were from purchases by one major customer. The Company s dependence thus far, and if continued going forward, on a single major customer presents a risk to investors regarding the Company s viability should that major customer stop making major purchases of the product and the Company is unable to find one or more suitable customers to make purchases to a similar extent. 

We may incur significant costs to be a public company to ensure compliance with U.S. corporate governance and accounting requirements and we should be able to absorb such costs. 

We may incur significant costs associated with our public Company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the SEC. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain directors and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 

The lack of public company experience of the company s sole officer and director could adversely impact our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of U.S. securities laws. 

The Company s sole officer and director has no public company experience, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Company s sole officer and director has never had sole responsibility for managing a publicly traded Company. Such responsibilities include complying with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. The Company s sole officer and director may experience regulatory compliance and reporting requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting, which are necessary to maintain its public Company status. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), may impact our ability to continue as a U.S. public Company. 

8

Table of Contents 

The Company s operating results may fluctuate due to factors which are not within its control. 

The Company s operating results are expected to fluctuate in the future based on a number of factors, many of which are not in its control. The Company s operating expenses primarily include marketing and general administrative expenses that are relatively fixed in the short term. If our revenues are lower than we expect because demand for our product diminishes, or if we experience an increase in defaults among approved advertising applicants, or for any other reasons, we may not be able to quickly return to acceptable revenue levels. 

Because of the unique nature of our business and the fact that there are no comparable past business models to rely on, future factors that may adversely affect our business are difficult to forecast. Any shortfall in the Company s revenues would have a direct impact on our business. In addition, fluctuations in the Company s quarterly results could adversely affect the market price of its common stock in a manner unrelated to its long-term operating performance. 

(B) RISKS RELATED TO THE OWNERSHIP OF OUR SECURITIES. 

We may never pay any dividends to shareholders. 

The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on its capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to support operations and to finance expansion. Therefore, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. 

Our controlling security holder may take actions that conflict with your interests. 

Mr. Sosa beneficially owns approximately 60 of the Company s capital stock with voting rights. In this case, Mr. Sosa will be able to exercise control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of the Company s certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. He will also have significant control over the Company s management and policies. The directors elected by our controlling security holder will be able to significantly influence decisions affecting our capital structure. This control may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or in limiting the ability of our other security holders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interest. For example, our controlling security holder will be able to control the sale or other disposition of our operating businesses and subsidiaries to another entity. 

The offering price of the common stock was arbitrarily determined, and therefore should not be used as an indicator of the future market price of the securities. Therefore, the offering price bears no relationship to our actual value and may make our shares difficult to sell. 

Since our shares are not listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system, the offering price of 0.010 per share for the shares of common stock was arbitrarily determined. The facts considered in determining the offering price were our financial condition and prospects, our limited operating history and the general condition of the securities market. The offering price bears no relationship to the book value, assets or earnings of our Company or any other recognized criteria of value. The offering price should not be regarded as an indicator of the future market price of the securities. 

You may experience dilution of your ownership interest because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock. 

In the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees or consultants, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock or other securities may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with hiring or retaining employees or consultants, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes. 

9

Table of Contents 

Our common stock is considered a penny stock, which may be subject to restrictions on marketability, so you may not be able to sell your shares. 

Our shares of common stock are defined as a penny stock under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and rules of the Commission. The Exchange Act and such penny stock rules generally impose additional sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than certain accredited investors who are, generally, institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000, or individuals with net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 300,000 jointly with spouse), or in transactions not recommended by the broker-dealer. Consequently, the penny stock rules may make it difficult for you to resell any shares. 

There is no assurance of a public market or that our common stock will ever trade on a recognized exchange. Therefore, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our stock. 

There is no established public trading market for our common stock. Our shares have not been listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Pink Sheet, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved or that a regular trading market will develop or that if developed, will be sustained. In the absence of a trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate their investment. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Sta Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties . 

The Company uses a corporate office located at: 1398 W. Mason Hollow Drive, Riverton, Utah 84065. This facility is being provided to the Company free of charge by the Company s CEO. The facility is provided free of charge until the company needs additional space to store inventory over 100,000 bottles. The Company does not currently require storage space for inventory over 100,000 bottles. There are currently no proposed programs for renovations, improvements or developments of the facility currently in use. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm business. 

We are not currently a party in any legal proceeding or governmental regulatory proceeding nor are we currently aware of any pending or potential legal proceeding or governmental regulatory proceeding proposed to be initiated against us that would have a material adverse effect on us or our business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

10

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Holders 

As of September 1, 2023, 20,000,000 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and held by 65 holders of record. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend. We do not anticipate that we will declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, to fund operations, and the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition, operation results, capital requirements, applicable contractual restrictions, restrictions in our organizational documents, and any other factors that our Board deems relevant. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not applicable. 

11

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward Looking Statements 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, as well as all other related notes, and financial and operational references, appearing elsewhere in this document. 

Certain information contained in this discussion and elsewhere in this report may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and is subject to the safe harbor created by that act. The safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act will not apply to certain forward looking statements because we issued penny stock (as defined in Section 3(a)(51) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 3(a)(51-1) under the Exchange Act) during the three year period preceding the date(s) on which those forward looking statements were first made, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided by rule, regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution readers that certain important factors may affect our actual results and could cause such results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements which may be deemed to have been made in this Report or which are otherwise made by or on our behalf. For this purpose, any statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as may , will , expect , believe , explore , consider , anticipate , intend , could , estimate , plan , propose or continue or the negative variations of those words or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect our results include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties associated with: 

Our ability to raise capital necessary to sustain our anticipated operations and implement our business plan, 

Our ability to implement our business plan, 

Our ability to generate sufficient cash to pay our lenders and other creditors, 

Our ability to employ and retain qualified management and employees, 

Our dependence on the efforts and abilities of our current employees and executive officers, 

Changes in government regulations that are applicable to our current or anticipated business, 

Changes in the demand for our services and different food trends, 

The degree and nature of our competition, 

The lack of diversification of our business plan, 

The general volatility of the capital markets and the establishment of a market for our shares, and 

Disruption in the economic and financial conditions primarily from the impact of past terrorist attacks in the United States, threats of future attacks, police and military activities overseas and other disruptive worldwide political and economic events, health pandemics and environmental weather conditions. 

We are also subject to other risks detailed from time to time in our other filings with the SEC and elsewhere in this report. Any one or more of these uncertainties, risks and other influences could materially affect our results of operations and whether forward-looking statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. Our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information, future events or otherwise. 

12

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policy and Estimates 

Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 

The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates include certain assumptions related to doubtful accounts receivable, stock-based services, valuation of financial instruments, operating right of use assets and liabilities, and income taxes. On an on-going basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to revenue recognition and concentration of credit risk. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Accounts subject to estimate and judgements are accounts receivable reserves, income taxes, intangible assets, contingent liabilities, and equity-based instruments. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe our estimates have not been materially inaccurate in past years, and our assumptions are not likely to change in the foreseeable future. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The estimated fair values approximate their carrying value because of the short-term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are indicative of market interest rates. These fair values have historically varied due to the market price of the Company s stock at the date of valuation. 

Income Taxes 

The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on provisions of applicable tax law. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance based on the amount of tax benefits that, based on available evidence, is not expected to be realized. 

Background 

We were incorporated in the State of Wyoming on October 17, 2016, under the name of Amazing Ventures, Inc. Our articles of incorporation were amended on February 12, 2018 to change our name to Rest EZ, Inc. 

Rest EZ, Inc. is in full production with product distribution to wholesalers and retailers as well as being available online at www.RestEz.net. Rest EZ Inc. has one sleep liquid gel capsule (named Rest EZ Sleep Aid Supplement). 

General Introduction 

Rest EZ, Inc. is currently in full production with full product distribution to wholesalers and retailers as well as online at www.RestEz.net. Rest EZ Inc. has commenced its major operations of having one product, a liquid gel capsule named Rest EZ Sleep Aid Supplement, manufactured by an unaffiliated outside provider (Sport Energy) that manufactures liquid gels to various companies, but has not distributed this product to anyone except Rest EZ, Inc. The Company is presently marketing the Rest EZ Sleep Aid Supplement to wholesalers, retailers, and online at www.RestEz.net. Rest EZ, Inc. is considered a Full Production and Full Distribution stage company because it has commenced all major operations with outside wholesalers and retailers and has sold 77,694 bottles for 664,943 in total sales through March 31, 2023. 

The product is a liquid gel capsule containing soybean oil, gelatin, valerian root, rosehips extract, purified water, yellow beeswax, L-Theanine, L-Threonine, lecithin, St. John s Wort extract, lemon balm leaf extract, niacin and melatonin. The product is to be taken orally, preferably with water, at bedtime. Upon digestion the product is absorbed within the bloodstream ultimately providing the user an enhanced ability to sleep. One serving is two capsules per day. Intended customers are adults (persons over 18 years of age) who experience difficulty with sleeping. 

Beyond the general FDA requirement that every dietary supplement be labeled as such, either with the term "dietary supplement" or with a term that substitutes a description of the product's dietary ingredient(s) for the word "dietary" (e.g., "herbal supplement" or "calcium supplement"), and the FDA s safety monitoring responsibilities for dietary supplement firms once a dietary supplement is on the market, there are no additional FDA requirements specific to this product, and federal law does not require dietary supplements to be proven safe to FDA's satisfaction before they are marketed. Rest EZ, Inc. has not sent the product to the FDA for approval because it is not required, and because it would be a lengthy and costly process to have this product FDA approved when not required. 

13

Table of Contents 

The liquid gel capsules are manufactured by Sport Energy, who adheres to very strict guidelines placed upon them by all agencies with whom they work. Sport Energy indicated they may use other outside sources to produce our product but has verbally indicated that all their ingredients used in any consumable products are very closely monitored. The manufacturer is registered as a Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) company with NSF s Dietary Supplement Certification program and the Natural Products Association (NPA), a status they have held for many years. Manufacturing of the capsules is complete, although manufacturing of the capsules will be ongoing as supply and demand dictates. 

Rest EZ, Inc. has nothing proprietary about their product. At this time, Rest EZ, Inc. has no intellectual properties in connection with the capsules. However, we believe our product is superior to that of the competition due to the product being in a soft gel form, avoiding substantial product breakdown before digestion as happens with many competitors products. 

The competition for and difficulty in selling a sleeping aid supplement product may affect our ability to maintain profitable operations in the future. Companies that are engaged in this product market include large, established companies with substantial capabilities and long earnings records. 

The Company has minimal revenue. Without additional capital, the Company will not be able to remain in business. These factors raise a substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Company financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Achievement of Rest EZ, Inc. s business objective is basically dependent upon the judgment, skill and knowledge the Company s management. Mr. Sosa is currently the Company s sole executive officer and director. There can be no assurance that a suitable replacement could be found for our sole executive officer and director upon his retirement, resignation, inability to act on our behalf, or death. Should the Company be unable to raise additional financing it would be unable to remain in business. 

Business Development 

The Company was incorporated on October 17, 2016. The Company has passed through all stages of development to full operations from incorporation, and the Company is currently in full production and distribution to wholesalers and retailers as well as online at www.RestEz.net. 

Initial Sales Strategy 

We have established a very strong sales approach; our approach utilizes direct sales through Mr. Sosa to our wholesalers and retailers as well as our company s professional and easy to use web site. Our direct sales will be conducted by Mr. Sosa. He will market the product to wholesalers nationally, to retail chain stores and worldwide distributors. The Company s current marketing strategy consists of various Point of Sale materials to include advertising posters, flyers and magnetic strips with the Company s name and its product developed by Mr. Sosa in the past several months. In addition, sales will be done with referrals, distribution by our wholesalers and online marketing at www.RestEz.net 

Description of Property 

The Company uses a corporate office located at: 1398 W. Mason Hollow Drive, Riverton, Utah 84065. This facility is being provided to the Company free of charge by Mr. Sosa. Mr. Sosa is providing his own facility free of charge until the company needs additional space to store inventory over 100,000 bottles. Mr. Sosa indicates he has enough room to store 100,000 bottles of Rest EZ product, so no additional room is needed at this time, or in the near future. There are currently no proposed programs for renovations, improvements or developments of the facility currently in use. 

Results of Operations 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company did not generate any sales; compared to sales of 519,443, with cost of sales of 269,050 during the year ended March 31, 2022. Selling, general and administrative costs were 13,408 and 26,751 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment on vendor deposit of 405,000 to write-off a deposit on inventory that has not yet been received. Interest expense, which consisted of imputed interest on related party loans, was 10,298 and 9,984 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recorded a provision for income taxes in the amount of 0 compared to 41,687 during the prior year. The company recorded a net loss of (428,706) during the year ended March 31, 2023, compared to net income of 171,971 during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

14

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, cash used in operating activities was 13,312, compared to cash used in operating activities of 77,308 for the year ended March 31, 2022. For the year ended March 31, 2023, cash provided by financing activities was 12,925, consisting of proceeds from related party debt. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31, 2022 was 65,389, consisting of 80,000 of contributed capital from the sale of common stock partially offset by 14,611 for the payment of related party debt. 

Plan of Operation 

We have established a very strong sales approach; our approach utilizes direct sales through Mr. Sosa to our wholesalers and retailers as well as our company s professional and easy to use web site. Our direct sales will be conducted by Mr. Sosa. He will market the product to wholesalers nationally, to retail chain stores and worldwide distributors. The Company s current marketing strategy consists of various Point of Sale materials to include advertising posters, flyers and magnetic strips with the Company s name and its product developed by Mr. Sosa in the past several months. In addition, sales will be done with referrals, distribution by our wholesalers and online marketing at www.restez.net 

Over the next twelve months, Rest EZ, Inc. plans to build out its reputation further, and expand to additional wholesalers, retail chain stores, as well as expand sales to the public. 

COVID-19 Update 

To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on the Company, particularly due to our current lack of operations. The pandemic may, however, have an impact on our ability to evaluate and acquire an operating entity through a reverse merger or otherwise. See Item 1A Risk Factors for more information. While vaccinations beginning in 2021 allowed for the partial reopening of the economy, the recent Omicron variant of the virus, as well as reduced efficacy of vaccines over time and the possibility that a large number of people decline to get vaccinated or receive booster shots, creates inherent uncertainty as to the potential future impact of the pandemic on our business, our industry and the economy in general. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Inflation 

In the opinion of management, inflation has not had a material effect on the Company s financial condition or results of its operations. 

Going Concern Considerations 

The accompanying financial states have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company suffered a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

15

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Financial Statements 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 	 	 	 17 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Balance Sheets 	 	 	 19 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Operations 	 	 	 20 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Cash Flows 	 	 	 21 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 	 	 	 22 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Notes to Financial Statements 	 	 	 23 	 	 

16

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Rest EZ Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Rest EZ Inc. (the Company) as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two-year periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

17

Table of Contents 

Going Concern 

As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company had a going concern due to a negative working capital and losses from operations. 

Auditing management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues and expenses which are not able to be substantiated. 

To evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluate the financial information that was the initial cause along with managements plans to mitigate the going concern and managements disclosure on going concern. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

September 5, 2023 

18

Table of Contents 

Rest EZ Inc. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31, 

March 31, 

2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Deposits 

Inventory 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Loan from related party 

Total current liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 	 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

19

Table of Contents 

Rest EZ Inc. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 

Year Ended 

March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Impairment of vendor deposit 

Total operating expenses 

Net operating income (loss) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Total other expense 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per share - basic 

Net income (loss) per share - diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

20

Table of Contents 

Rest EZ Inc. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 

Year Ended 

March 31, 

2023 

2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Imputed interest on related party loan 

Impairment of vendor deposit 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Deposits 

Inventory 

Accounts payable 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from contributed capital 

Repayments of related party debt 

Proceeds from related party debt 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

None. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

21

Table of Contents 

Rest EZ Inc. 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Additional 

Total 

			 Stockholder's 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

(Deficit) 

Balance, March 31, 2021 

Imputed interest on related party loan 

- 

- 

- 

Proceeds from contributed capital 

- 

- 

- 

Net income (loss) for the year ended March 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Imputed interest on related party loan 

- 

- 

- 

Net income (loss) for the year ended March 31, 2023 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

22

Table of Contents 

Rest EZ Inc. 

NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

23

Table of Contents 

and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were no cash equivalents as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insures these balances up to . At March 31, 2023 and 2022, cash in excess of the insured amount was . 

accounted for of the Company s total sales. 

24

Table of Contents 

. As of March 31, 2023, the Company had a working capital deficit of and an accumulated deficit of . The Company s sales have all been from one customer. Without additional capital and without increasing its customer base, the Company may not be able to remain in business. 

These factors raise a substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

Achievement of Rest EZ, Inc. s business objective is basically dependent upon the judgment, skill and knowledge the Company s management. Mr. Sosa is currently the Company s sole executive officer and director. There can be no assurance that a suitable replacement could be found for our sole executive officer and director upon his retirement, resignation, inability to act on our behalf, or death. 

on inventory. The inventory is in partial production, however, the manufacturer is awaiting an ingredient that has not been available and may not become available. The Company impaired the deposit amount because it is unsure whether the inventory will be received. Because the inventory is in partial production, the Company is unable to obtain a refund of the deposit amount. The amount of outstanding deposits at March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

25

Table of Contents 

, net of repayments of . During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company received funds in the amount of and made repayments in the amount on this loan. As of March 31, 2022, Mr. Sosa had loaned the Company funds for operating capital the amount of , net of repayments of . During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company received funds in the amount of and made repayments in the amount on this loan. 

The Company imputed interest on this loan at the rate of per year. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded interest in the amount of and , respectively, on this loan and charged these amounts to additional paid-in capital. 

authorized shares of common stock with par value. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company charged the amounts of and respectively, to additional paid-in capital pursuant to a loan from the Company s President. See note 6. 

On May 26, 2021, the Company filed a Form S-1 with the Securities Exchange Commission in order to register the Company s currently outstanding 20,000,000 shares of common stock. This registration statement became effective on July 19, 2021. 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, Brandon Sosa, the Company s founder and CEO, sold shares of common stock he personally owned to outside investors at a price of per share. Proceeds in the net amount of were contributed to the Company, and are recorded as contributed capital on the Company s statement of stockholder s equity (deficit) at March 31, 2022. Previous to this sale of shares, Mr. Sosa owned shares of the Company s common stock; subsequent to this sale of shares, Mr. Sosa owned shares of the Company s common stock. 

Effective tax rate 

Tax at statutory rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income tax 

At March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had a net operating loss carryforward in the amount of and , respectively. The Company has recorded a liability for income taxes payable in the amount of . 

26

Table of Contents 

27

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

There have been no disagreements regarding accounting and financial disclosure matters with our independent certified public accountants. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Guidance for Smaller Public Companies issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013). Management previously identified a control deficiency regarding the integration of two acquisitions in 2018 and as a result management had previously concluded our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective at the reasonable assurance level. The material weakness with the Company s internal control is the lack of segregation of duties due to the Company s small size. As the Company grows, management will hire additional staff in order to address this weakness. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining our disclosure controls and procedures. Such officers have concluded (based upon their evaluation of these controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report) that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in this report is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have also indicated that, upon evaluation, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting or other factors during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of these inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

28

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

29

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive O cers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the names and positions of our executive officers and directors. 

Name 

Age 

Positions 

Brandon Sosa 

46 

Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 

Brandon Sosa, CEO, President, and sole director, founded Rest EZ, Inc. in 2016 as President and CEO, to provide his professional experience and expertise gained over the past 8 years, in the supplement industry. Mr. Sosa is considered a professional in his field; he has been associated with some of the most recognized companies in the natural supplements industry involved in health and fitness. Mr. Sosa has a bachelor s degree in Business and Engineering. 

Audit Committee 

The Company does not presently have an Audit Committee and the Board acts in such capacity for the immediate future due to the limited size of the Board. The Company intends to increase the size of its Board in the future, at which time it may appoint an Audit Committee. 

The Audit Committee will be empowered to make such examinations as are necessary to monitor the corporate financial reporting and the external audits of the Company, to provide to the Board of Directors (the Board the results of its examinations and recommendations derived there from, to outline to the Board improvements made, or to be made, in internal control, to nominate independent auditors, and to provide to the Board such additional information and materials as it may deem necessary to make the Board aware of significant financial matters that require Board attention. 

Compensation Committee 

The Company does not presently have a Compensation Committee and the Board acts in such capacity for the immediate future due to the limited size of the Board. The Company intends to increase the size of its Board in the future, at which time it may appoint a Compensation Committee. 

The Compensation Committee will be authorized to review and make recommendations to the Board regarding all forms of compensation to be provided to the executive officers and directors of the Company, including stock compensation, and bonus compensation to all employees. 

Independent Director 

Our Board of Directors currently consists of only Brandon Sosa. We are not a listed company under SEC rules and therefore are not required to have separate committees comprised of independent directors. We do not have independent directors at this time. 

Corporate Governance Committee 

The Company does not presently have a Corporate Governance Committee and the Board acts in such capacity for the immediate future due to the limited size of the Board. The Company intends to increase the size of its Board in the future, at which time it may appoint a Corporate Governance Committee. 

The Corporate Governance Committee will be responsible for reviewing developments in corporate governance practices, evaluating the adequacy of our corporate governance practices and reporting and making recommendations to our Board of Directors concerning corporate governance matters. 

Nominating Committee 

The Company does not have a Nominating Committee and the full Board acts in such capacity. 

30

Table of Contents 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board has not adopted a Code of Ethics due to the Company s size and lack of employees. As of the date of this Report, our sole director is also our Chief Executive Officer. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

The Company does not have a class of equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act; therefore, this Item is not applicable. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive Compensation 

The following executive compensation disclosure reflects all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the executive officer below. The following table summarizes all compensation for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 

Fiscal Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Total Compensation 

Brandon Sosa, 

2023 

- 

- 

- 

CEO, President, CFO, and Secretary 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

Compensation Of Directors 

The Company s sole Director does not currently receive compensation for his services as director, but we plan to reimburse him for expenses incurred in attending board meetings. 

Stock Incentive Plan 

At present, we do not have a stock incentive plan in place. We have not granted any options to the Company s director and/or officer. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock as of September 1, 2023, by (i) each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of any classes of outstanding common stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) each executive officer and (iv) all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. 

Name of Beneficial Holder 

Amount of Beneficial Ownership (1) 

Percentage of 

			 Common Stock (1) 

Brandon Sosa (2) 

12,000,000 

60 

(1) 

Applicable percentages are based on 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of September 1, 2023. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under SEC rules, a person is considered a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares power to vote or direct the voting of such security or the power to dispose of such security. A person is also considered to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which the person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. We believe that each individual or entity named has sole investment and voting power with respect to the securities indicated as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws, where applicable, except where otherwise noted in the footnotes to this table. 

(2) 

Mr. Sosa is our Chief Executive Officer and sole director. 

31

Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s CEO contributed capital from the sale of stock and provided cash advances to the Company, for operations purposes. The Company uses a corporate office located at: 1398 W. Mason Hollow Drive, Riverton, Utah 84065. This facility is provided to the Company free of charge by the Company s CEO. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

M K CPA s, PLLC served as our independent auditors for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

The following table shows the fees paid or accrued for the audit and other services provided by our independent auditors for the years ended: 

March 31, 

March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Audit fees 

5,000 

4,250 

Tax fees 

- 

- 

Review fees 

6,750 

- 

Total fees paid or accrued to our principal accountant 

11,750 

4,250 

32

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Financial Statements 

Our financial statements as set forth in the Index to Financial Statements attached hereto commencing on page 16 are hereby incorporated by reference. 

(b) Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation 

3.2 

Amended Articles of Incorporation for Name Change to Rest EZ 

3.3 

Amended Articles of Incorporation for Name Change to Rest EZ, Inc. 

3.4 

Bylaws 

31.1 

Section 302 Certification 

31.2 

Section 302 Certification 

32.1 

Section 906 Certification 

32.2 

Section 906 Certification 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Previously filed with the Company's Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2021. 

Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 

None. 

33

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Rest EZ, Inc. 

Date: September 6, 2023 

By: /s/ Brandon Sosa 

Brandon Sosa 

President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: September 6, 2023 

By: /s/ Brandon Sosa 

Brandon Sosa 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

34

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_560942.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_560942.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brandon Sosa, Chief Executive Officer of Rest EZ, Inc., certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rest EZ, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d- 15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 6, 2023 

By: /s/ Brandon Sosa 

Brandon Sosa 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_560943.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_560943.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brandon Sosa, the Chief Financial Officer of Rest EZ, Inc., certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rest EZ, Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d- 15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 6, 2023 

By: /s/ Brandon Sosa 

Brandon Sosa 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_560944.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_560944.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OR 

 RULE 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Rest EZ, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brandon Sosa, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 6, 2023 

By: /s/ Brandon Sosa 

Brandon Sosa 

President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex_560945.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_560945.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OR 

 RULE 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Rest EZ, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brandon Sosa, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 6, 2023 

By: /s/ Brandon Sosa 

Brandon Sosa 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rest-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rest-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rest-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rest-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rest-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

