<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230727_10-K_edgar_data_748268_0001554795-23-000231.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8115860</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>293722</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1264062</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3102800</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1483038</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1713425</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-23-000231.hdr.sgml : 20230727
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230727161605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-23-000231
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230727
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230727

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Red Cat Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000748268
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				880490034
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40202
		FILM NUMBER:		231118606

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 AVE. MUNOZ RIVERA
		STREET 2:		STE 2200
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00901-2510
		BUSINESS PHONE:		833-373-3228

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 AVE. MUNOZ RIVERA
		STREET 2:		STE 2200
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00901-2510

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TimefireVR Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EnergyTEK Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140723

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BROADLEAF CAPITAL PARTNERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040928

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-23-000231.txt : 20230727

10-K
 1
 rcat0721form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 

For
the transition period from ________ to _________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 , par value 0.001 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

If
 securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether
 the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
 of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . 

As
of July 24, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 

4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 

20 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

47 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 

47 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 

48 

Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 

48 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

49 

Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 

50 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

50 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

59 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 

59 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

84 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 

84 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 

85 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

85 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

92 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

93 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

94 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 

94 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 

96 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 

98 

Signatures 

98 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Except
for historical information, this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Such forward-looking statements include, among others, those statements including the words believes , anticipates ,
 expects , intends , estimates , plans and words of similar import. Such forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements,
or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. 

Forward-looking
statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, potential target businesses, the economy, and
other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties,
risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by
the forward-looking statements. Therefore, we caution you that you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as statements
of historical fact or as guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include (i) the market and sales success of our existing and any new products,
(ii) our ability to raise capital when needed and on acceptable terms, (iii) our ability to make acquisitions and integrate acquired
businesses into our company, (iv) our ability to attract and retain management, (v) the intensity of competition, (vi) changes in the
political and regulatory environment and in business and economic conditions in the United States and globally, (vii) and the continuing
effect of the Covid-19 pandemic. These risks and others described under the section Risk Factors below are not exhaustive. 

Given
these uncertainties, readers of this Annual Report are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. We disclaim
any obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements
contained herein to reflect future events or developments. 

All
references in this Annual Report to the Company , we , us , or our , are to Red Cat Holdings,
Inc., a Nevada corporation, including its wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries, Rotor Riot LLC Rotor Riot ), Fat Shark
Holdings, Ltd. Fat Shark ), Skypersonic, Inc. Skypersonic ), Teal Drones, Inc. Teal ), and
Red Cat Propware, Inc. Propware ). 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

I.
Overview 

The
Company was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Colorado in 1984 under the name Oravest International, Inc. In November
2016, we changed our name to TimefireVR, Inc. and re-incorporated in Nevada. In May 2019, the Company completed a share exchange agreement
with Red Cat Propware Propware which resulted in the Propware shareholders acquiring an 83 ownership interest, and management
control, of the Company. In connection with the share exchange agreement, we changed our name to Red Cat Holdings, Inc. Red Cat 
or the Company or we and our operating focus to the drone industry. 

Prior
to the share exchange agreement, Propware was focused on the research and development of software solutions that could provide secure
cloud-based analytics, storage and services for the drone industry. Following the share exchange agreement and its name change, Red Cat
 has completed a series of acquisitions and financings which have broadened the scope of its activities in the drone industry.
These acquisitions included: 

In January 2020, we acquired Rotor Riot,
 LLC Rotor Riot ), a reseller of drones and related parts, primarily to the consumer marketplace through its digital storefront
 located at www.rotorriot.com . The total purchase price was 2.0 million. 

In November 2020, the Company acquired Fat
 Shark Holdings Fat Shark which sells consumer electronics products to the first-person view FPV sector of the drone industry. Fat Shark s flagship products are headsets with a built-in display (or goggles that allow a pilot to see a real-time video feed from a camera typically mounted on an aerial platform or drone. The total purchase
 price was 8.4 million. 

In May 2021, we acquired Skypersonic, Inc.
 Skypersonic ), a provider of drone products and software solutions that enable drone inspection flights that can be executed by pilots anywhere
 in the world. Skypersonic powers drones to Fly Anywhere and Inspect the Impossible . Its patented
 software and hardware solutions allow for inspection services in restricted spaces where GPS is denied or unavailable. The total
 purchase price was 2.8 million. 

In August 2021, the
 Company acquired Teal Drones Teal ), a leader in providing sophisticated and complex unmanned aerial vehicle UAV technology, primarily drones, to government and commercial enterprises, most notably, the military. Teal manufactures drones approved
 by the U.S. Department of Defense for reconnaissance, public safety, and inspection applications. The total purchase price was 10.0
 million. 

II.
Recent Developments 

During the second
half of the fiscal year ending on April 30, 2022, the Company focused on integrating and organizing its acquired businesses. These efforts
including refining the establishment of Enterprise and Consumer segments in order to sharpen the Company's focus on the unique opportunities
in each sector of the drone industry. The Enterprise segment, consisting of Teal and Skypersonic, is focused on opportunities in the
commercial sector and the military. Enterprise's initial strategy was to provide UAV's, primarily drones, to navigate dangerous military
environments and confined industrial and commercial interior spaces. The Consumer segment, consisting of Rotor Riot and Fat Shark, is
focused on enthusiasts and hobbyists which are expected to increase as drones become more visible and useful in our daily lives. Consumer
provides a growing revenue base, strong brand visibility, and is an excellent source of professional pilots. 

4 

Following
the establishment of the Enterprise and Consumer segments in the first quarter of fiscal 2023, management spent much of fiscal 2023 evaluating
and establishing the long term business strategy of each segment. This resulted in the Enterprise segment narrowing its near term focus
on the military and other government agencies. It was determined that Skypersonic's technology would be re-focused, for the next few
years, on government applications and that its technology would be consolidated into the operations of Teal Drones. 

 In
the fall of calendar 2022, the Company received inquiries and held discussions regarding the potential acquisition of the Consumer segment,
specifically Rotor Riot and Fat Shark. These discussions culminated in the execution of a Stock Purchase Agreement SPA with Unusual Machines in November 2022. 

 Prior
to signing the SPA, the Company completed a comprehensive evaluation of its business segments, including (i) the synergies and challenges
of operating two diverse business segments, (ii) the future operating prospects for each segment including revenues, expenses, profits,
and cash flows, and (iii) the financial impact of a potential sale of the Consumer segment on the Company. The results of the evaluation
indicated a number of significant operating and financial differences between Enterprise and Consumer including (i) Consumer sources a
substantial portion of its product from China whereas Enterprise is focused on a Made in America policy which is very important
to the U.S. government, its primary target customer, (ii) Enterprise is required to meet ITAR export requirements which necessitates
that all employees be U.S. persons and undergo a background check whereas Consumer does not have such requirements, (iii) Consumer primarily
markets through a social media platform and strategy that focuses on maximizing its public presence whereas Enterprise's marketing efforts
in dealing with its government target market are more discrete and (iv) Consumer is focused on reaching profitability whereas Enterprise
has been investing in a new manufacturing facility and building strong relationships with government agencies. Collectively, these differences
would require the Company to establish separate departments for many common functions including purchasing, human resources, and sales
and marketing. Finally, closing of the SPA would strengthen the Company's financial position as it would generate immediate cash and
eliminate the funding required to support Consumer until it reached profitability. The Company concluded that the long term business
prospects of the Enterprise segment were significantly greater than those of the Consumer segment, and that a sale of Consumer should
be completed. 

 The closing of the
transaction is contingent upon Unusual Machines completing (i) an initial public offering that raises sufficient capital to close the
transaction, and (ii) listing on a public stock exchange such as the NYSE or Nasdaq. 

 III.
Enterprise Segment 

 The Enterprise segment s
current business strategy is focused on providing integrated robotic hardware and software for use across a variety of applications.
Its solutions provide critical situational awareness and actionable intelligence to on-the-ground warfighters and battlefield commanders
as well as firefighters and public safety officials. Its mission is to Dominate the Night and constantly provide best in
class thermal imaging capabilities. Enterprise s efforts are centered on its Made in America Class 1 drone development program,
particularly its Teal 2, and Four Ship products. Enterprise has substantially completed construction of a new manufacturing facility
in Salt Lake City and believes that an increased focus by the United States government and American businesses on purchasing products
that are Made in America provide Enterprise with a competitive advantage. 

5 

Teal
Drones 

Teal is the core of the Enterprise segment
and was founded in 2015 by George Matus, a Thiel fellow. Its first products were consumer based and the first of their kind to be manufactured
in the United States. Beginning in October 2018, Teal migrated its business strategy to focus on the government, military, and enterprise
sectors (collectively referred to as Enterprise ). Its first product offering, the Golden Eagle , was launched
in June 2020. The Golden Eagle is a U.S. Department of Defense approved drone designed for reconnaissance, public safety, and inspection
applications. 

A.
 Key Business Accomplishments during Fiscal 2023 and to date include: 

1. Launches
 Teal 2, a military-grade sUAS Designed to Dominate the Night 

Following
its acquisition by Red Cat in August 2021, Teal accelerated efforts on the development of its next generation Enterprise drone. These
efforts culminated in the launch of the Teal 2 in April 2023. The Teal 2 is the first small, unmanned aircraft system sUAS designed to Dominate the Night , when most military operations take place, through its enhanced capabilities. The Teal 2
offers the latest intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance ISR technology and delivers time-critical information
that enables the warfighter to make faster and smarter decisions. Some of the unique features and capabilities of the Teal 2, and the
partners who developed and helped integrate these technologies into the Teal 2, include: 

 Teledyne
FLIR whose new Hadron 640R sensor provides the highest resolution thermal imaging in a small (Group 1) form factor which is optimal for
nighttime operations. 

 Tomahawk
Robotics whose common control system enables a single operator to simultaneously control up to four Teal 2 s at the same time. 

 Athena
AI, an Artificial Intelligence AI and computer vision architecture firm. Its technology enhances target recognition and
battle tracking which enables wartime commanders to make faster battlefield decisions. 

 Reveal
Technology whose Farsight mapping software enables the automatic combining of imagery from multiple drones to produce high
fidelity 3D maps. 

 Immervision,
an optical products manufacturer whose navigation camera module is used for surveillance and unmanned systems. Immervision enhances the
navigation skills of the Teal 2 at night and in other difficult flying conditions such as in fog, beneath bridges, and inside buildings. 

 The
Teal 2 is manufactured exclusively at Teal s new purpose-built factory in Salt Lake City, Utah. Early-adopter customers included
the U.S. Customs and Border Protection which ordered 54 units of the Teal 2. 

6 

2. Designation
 of Teal 2 as Blue UAS received from U.S. Department of Defense 

In
June 2023, the Teal 2 received clearance from the U.S. Department of Defense DoD to be designated as a Blue UAS. The DoD
defines these drones as NDAA (National Defense Authorization Act) compliant, validated as cyber secure, and safe to fly. This designation
enables Teal to fill orders from federal, state, and local government agencies subject to oversight by the DoD, including those orders
that were contingent upon receiving certification. In addition, many governments of allied nations are more likely to purchase Blue UAS
approved drones. Teal's legacy drone, the Golden Eagle, is also on the cleared list which is believed to number less than 20 in total. 

After
the U.S. Army banned its forces from using Chinese-made quadcopters due to security risks (the drones radio controls are unencrypted
and the devices could potentially capture and store sensitive information that could be provided to the Chinese government), the U.S.
Department of Defense began developing its own alternatives under a defense program known as Blue sUAS. Blue sUAS is an initiative of
the Defense Innovation Unit (DIU), the only DoD organization focused on accelerating the adoption of commercial and dual use technology
to solve operational challenges at a speed and scale that is faster and higher than normal for government agencies. 

3. New
 Manufacturing Facility Constructed and Scaling Productivity 

During
Fiscal 2023, Teal substantially completed construction of its new manufacturing facility and began to scale production levels. Teal originally
moved into the facility, located in Salt Lake City, Utah, in October 2021. In January 2022, Teal doubled the size of the facility, which
now totals approximately 25,000 square feet, in order to fully scale production capacity to meet the forecast growth in demand and to
house its expanding team of software and technology engineers. At the end of fiscal 2023, production capacity was approximately 100 drones
per month. The Company believes that maximum production capacity for this facility can reach 1,000 drones per month over the next 2 to
3 years, provided that additional capital investments are made and manufacturing efficiencies realized. Manufacturing in the United States,
 Made in the USA , is a critical consideration of the U.S. government and other state and local government agencies. 

4. Awarded
 Increase in Prototype Development Contract under U.S. Army Tranche 2 Program 

In
June 2023, the Army authorized Teal to complete additional milestones under the terms of a Statement of Work related to its UAS Tranche
2 program. Under the terms of the Statement of Work, the Army has agreed to fund certain engineering and material costs incurred by Teal
to build a next generation prototype based on technical requirements and warfighter feedback. As of June 30, 2023, a total of 2.7 million
has been authorized under the Statement of Work. Cumulative billings through April 30, 2023 totaled 879,400 and the Company expects
to complete and bill the remaining authorized amount of 1,862,701 in fiscal 2024 as milestones are fulfilled. The Statement of Work
provides for 15 separate development milestones, of which 9 have been authorized to date. The Company expects that the Army will authorize
that the remaining 6 milestones be completed at a future date. 

 In
May 2023, Teal partnered with Doodle Labs on Teal s small unmanned aerial system (sUAS) prototype. By integrating
Doodle Labs Helix Mesh Rider Radio, the prototype will be capable of reliably transmitting thermal imagery, encrypted video,
and other high-bandwidth data back to a ground station more than three miles away. Mesh Rider Radio uses certified encryption to
protect data and flight control functionality, even in contested environments. 

7 

B.
 Government Contracts and Orders 

 Enterprise
is focusing on U.S. federal government agencies, particularly the military branches, as its initial target market. Its longer term target
customer base includes U.S. state and local government agencies, as well as governments of foreign allies. An overview of existing
government contracts and recent developments include: 

1. U.S.
 Army Tranche 2 Drone Program 

In
March 2022, Teal was selected by the Department of Defense's (DoD) Defense Innovation Unit (DIU) and U.S. Army to compete in the Short
Range Reconnaissance Tranche 2 (SRR T2) Program of Record. The rigorous technical requirements and program objectives of SRR T2 dramatically
narrowed the field from thirty-three drone manufacturers down to three vendors. The Army has indicated that Tranche 2 and 3 have been
combined and will represent the final tranche of the SRR program. 

 Teal
was selected to develop a next-generation sUAS designed for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance
(ISR) duties, with a focus on autonomous capability, for the U.S. Army. The ultimate goal of the SRR T2 program is to provide a small,
rucksack portable, fully encrypted sUAS that provides all Army infantry platoons (consisting of 20-50 soldiers) with situational awareness
beyond the next terrain. 

 Following
a successful demonstration in September 2021, Teal was notified by the U.S. Army's Short Range Reconnaissance Product Office that it
would advance to the prototype phase of the SRR T2 program and was awarded a 1.5M prototype development contract. The value of this
contract has since been increased to 2.7 million. 

 The
SRR Tranche 1 program began in 2020, and Teal was similarly selected for that program with a prototype contract award as part of its
selection. The five drones developed for SRR Tranche 1 became the five drones named to the Blue sUAS list in August 2020 and were subsequently
approved by the Department of Defense (DoD) and other U.S. Federal Departments. The Blue sUAS list was originally developed by the Silicon
Valley-based Defense Innovation Unit (DIU) which is focused on identifying, and integrating leading commercial technologies into the
Government. 

2. U.S.
 Border Patrol 

1
Million Purchase Order from U.S. Border Patrol 

 In
October 2022, Teal was awarded a 1,046,806 contract from U.S. Customs and Border Protection to provide its high-performance Golden Eagle
drones to U.S. Border Patrol. The purchase agreement covered the provision of the drone, plus battery packs and chargers, propellers,
gimbal-mounted cameras, carrying cases and operator training sessions, including train-the-trainer sessions. 

 Customs
and Border Protection Contract Worth up to 90 Million over Five Years 

 In
December 2021, Teal was one of only five contractors designated to participate in a firm, fixed price, multiple award blanket purchase
agreement (BPA) by the United States Customs and Border Protection. The BPA has an estimated value of 90 million in total over a 5-year
period. 

8 

The
Department of Homeland Security agencies can place orders through the BPA for unmanned aircraft systems (UAS). The drones will provide
supplemental airborne reconnaissance, surveillance, and tracking capability to enhance situational awareness for field commanders and
agents in areas that lack nearby traditional surveillance systems or available manned air support. 

3. Other 

Order
for 200 Long-Range, High-Speed Drones for Ukrainian Deployment 

 In
May 2023, Red Cat received a purchase order to provide 200 long-range, high-speed FPV (first-person view) drones to Ukrainian drone pilots
engaged in conflict with Russia. 

 The
FPV drones were delivered to Ukraine in June. These drones have the highest power-to-weight ratio in the industry and provide increased
maneuverability, especially when combined with the FPV functionality of the drones. These drones can also fly in GPS-denied and GPS-jammed
battlefield conditions. 

 Order
from NATO Member Country for Deployment in Ukraine 

 In
April 2022, Teal secured an order for 15 Golden Eagle drone units, plus spares and training, from a NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization)
member country committed to deploy them in the Ukraine. The drones were expected to be used for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance
on the front lines, thereby lessening the need to utilize troops to perform such dangerous activities. 

 Numerous
European countries have increased their defense budgets, not only to support the Ukraine invasion but to also prepare themselves for
future geopolitical conflicts. Many countries and military units are recognizing the strategic benefit of having an adequate inventory
of drone units that can be invaluable in reconnaissance and surveillance on the front lines. 

 C.
 Product Development 

Product
development efforts in fiscal 2023 were focused on the development of the Teal 2 which was officially launched in April 2023 at the
Army Aviation Mission Solutions Summit. Significant resources were also expended developing the prototype under the Army's SRR
Tranche 2 program. More details on the partners who helped integrate key features into the Teal 2 include: 

1. Athena
 AI for artificial intelligence and computer vision 

In
March 2023, the Company partnered with Athena AI which will provide computer vision capabilities for the Teal 2. Athena, an AI-enabled
military decision-support company, has licensed its proprietary computer vision architecture which allows high-speed tracking of objects
and, at slower speeds, in-depth data exploitation. Athena spent more than three years curating and analyzing military night-fighting
footage, including thermal and low light camera systems, to create computer vision architecture for warfighting after dark. Athena s
solution can identify weapons and various other objects at night, as well as Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) markers, such as military
grade light sticks and infrared beacons. 

9 

By
integrating Athena s technology, the Teal 2 will support dangerous, close fighting, missions at night. The Forward Line of Own
Troops (FLOT) can be detected, recognized and geolocated in comparison with the enemy, allowing for precision and safe fires on the target.
Athena also supports rapid in-field target-set updates with a turnaround as quickly as 72 hours for new target-detection algorithms.
This allows the warfighter to quickly respond to emerging threats and ensure their drone remains in the fight. 

2. Invests
 in Modular Unmanned Aerial Systems Company 

In
March 2023, Red Cat invested 250,000 in Firestorm, an American company developing the first completely Modular Unmanned Aerial System
(MUAS) that is 3D printed and payload agnostic. Firestorm is building a new category of fixed-wing UAS with 30-day product iterations,
a commitment to open-system architectures, and an additive manufacturing approach that allows them to scale production in an elastic
manner. Firestorm s founding team has deep industry expertise in additive manufacturing, aerospace and defense, and understands
how to build and quickly scale dual-use technology companies. 

3. Immervision
 Enhances Low-Light Navigation 

In
January 2023, Teal partnered with Immervision, a Canadian optical products manufacturer whose latest navigation camera module is used
for surveillance and unmanned systems. Immervision will enable Teal s drone to operate effectively in low-light flying conditions. 

 Teal
plans to equip the Teal 2 with two Immervision low-light camera modules. In addition to enhancing autonomous navigation at night and
in other light-denied situations, such as in fog, beneath bridges and inside buildings, having two cameras provides stereoscopic vision
to Teal s autonomous pilot system. This enables the drone to create a 3D map it can use to navigate and locate itself geographically
in low-light situations and in areas where a GPS signal is not available. 

 The
camera lens is designed to maximize the concentration of light per pixel on the image sensor to provide the best image quality in low-light
conditions across the complete field of view. Immervision s camera module has been designed to address the challenging requirements
of operating safely in low-light conditions where other sensors are inefficient. It is capable of seeing objects in a dark environment
at 1 lux , which is equivalent to deep twilight. 

 Teal
is integrating the new Immervision camera with its software system to enhance the autonomous flying capabilities of its drones. These
include avoiding obstacles and taking off and landing without pilot assistance, as well as automatically generating a 3D map and locating
itself without the benefit of a GPS signal. Most military operations are conducted at night, and therefore, having a low-light solution
is a key capability. 

4. Tomahawk
 Robotics Enables Simultaneous Control of Air and Ground Based 4-Ship Multi-Vehicle System 

In
October 2022, Teal enhanced the capabilities of its 4-Ship multi-vehicle system through a partnership with Tomahawk Robotics, the leading
innovator of common control solutions. This partnership will enable the warfighter in the field to simultaneously control the Teal
2 and other unmanned vehicles, such as rovers and robots on the ground, all within a single application on a single pane of glass. Enabling
fighters to coordinate an arsenal of unmanned systems in the air and on the ground gives them a significant advantage in finding and
subduing the enemy. 

10 

In
addition, one operator can hand off control of one or more drones, rovers or robots to another operator without shutting down the operation.
For example, one operator may keep his group of drones focused on surveillance of an enemy location while handing off control of another
drone/robot/rover to pursue an enemy who is leaving the location. 

 Tomahawk s
Kinesis control solutions provide the following capabilities: 

1. Multi-vehicle
 command and control (multiple Teal drones) and multi-domain command and control (Teal drone
 paired with unmanned ground vehicles). 

2. ATAK
 (Android Team Awareness Kit) information sharing for increased battlefield visualization. 

3. Handoff
 of control to a secondary operator. 

4. Providing
 center field of view coordinates for aided target recognition. 

5. Mission-planner
 level of semi-autonomy with human-in-the-loop decision making. 

6. A
 MOSA (Modular Open Systems Approach) framework that delivers AI-enabled capabilities such
 as Reveal Technology s Farsight 3D Mapping software, Athena AI s Object Detection
 Classifiers, and other third- party advanced features. 

5. Announces
 Development of Multi-Drone System 

In
May 2022, Teal completed the development and production of a four-drone, multi-vehicle system for defense, government, and public safety
markets. The multi-vehicle package will be offered in two configurations: 4-Ship and 4-Ship+. Both configurations allow a single pilot
to simultaneously control up to four Teal drones at the same time. 

 The
4-Ship is a complete solution that provides operators with actionable information from multiple vehicles at the same time -- including
the display of four simultaneous video feeds -- resulting in faster situational awareness and decision-making in today s complex
environments. It also offers a tremendous savings in manpower, the most expensive component of any drone operation since four pilots
are replaced by just one. 

 The
4-Ship+ will include two extra units and an additional linked controller to facilitate handoff of control from one pilot to another.
The 4-Ship+ configuration allows a back-up pilot to immediately take over at any time. The additional two drones also allow pilots
to bring in units with fresh batteries while units with drained batteries drop off to be charged all without breaking up the
four-drone flight pattern. This allows for continuous 360-degree surveillance of any target and overcomes the biggest weakness of
any currently fielded drone which is limited battery life. 

 D.
 Sales and Marketing 

 Since
acquiring Teal in August 2021, the Company has built a sales and marketing team which presently consists of 8 direct and support professionals.
Most of their efforts in fiscal 2023 were focused on developing relationships with the military agencies of the U.S. Federal Government.
While the sales cycle for government agencies can be extensive and take considerable time and effort to establish, they can often become
a long-term buyer once initial sales are closed. Key activities in fiscal 2023 related to demonstrating the capabilities of the Teal
2 included: 

11 

1. Demonstrates
 Multi-Drone Mapping to US Military 

 In
August 2022, Teal demonstrated multi-drone mapping technology that was developed with Reveal Technology. This demonstration was provided
to U.S. Army Special Operations Command near Fort Bragg. Military tactical teams ability to quickly produce accurate maps of areas
targeted for military operations can mean the difference between mission success or failure. Teal teamed with Reveal Technology to enhance
Reveal s Farsight mapping software by automatically combining imagery from multiple unmanned aerial systems (UAS)
to produce high-fidelity 3D maps. By dramatically increasing the speed of collection, users receive Farsight maps and analytics faster
than ever. 

 Introduced
in May 2022, the 4-Ship allows a single operator to simultaneously control up to four drones, allowing for instant and ongoing 360-degree
surveillance of a target. Farsight gives military teams virtually real-time access to detailed 3D maps of a target area that can be overlaid
with: 

1. Line-of-sight
 analysis which allows a team to choose a route at the target area that is least visible to
 the enemy 

2. Terrain
 analysis and graphing 

3. An
 AI-generated best route through a target area based on line-of-sight data,
 elevation mapping and terrain analysis 

4. A
 vertical measurement tool for determining the height of buildings and structures that may
 be part of an operation 

5. A
 helicopter landing zone survey to quickly identify the best and safest spot to land 

 These
combined features demonstrate that multiple, networked drones far outperform a single drone for gathering and analyzing geographic intelligence.
This provides a team with an advanced awareness of the situation as it is on the ground which leads to more successful missions. 

 Prior
to Farsight, military teams in the field were often dependent on overtasked and often separate intelligence organizations which resulted
in slow-moving intelligence analysis that did not match the fast-paced environment on the ground. Farsight helps overcome this issue
by blending state-of-the-art computer vision, AI and computing at the edge computing in the field on handheld devices.
All processing for Farsight is completed at the edge and therefore, a network connection is not required which eliminates the need for
additional processing capabilities like servers or cloud infrastructure. This not only speeds up the entire process but it also allows
for the creation of detailed, actionable maps from virtually anywhere on the globe. Finally, computing at the edge does not increase
the team s electronic signature to the enemy, which as seen in Ukraine, could attract artillery fire. 

2. Holds
 Public Demonstration of Multi-Drone Technology 

 In
August 2022, Teal was granted a waiver by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) allowing a single pilot to simultaneously control
multiple drones for the first public demonstration of the Company s multi-drone technology. This event was held in October 2022
at Kane Stadium in New Jersey. 

12 

Historically,
few waivers were approved by the FAA for multi-drone operations, and those were only for pre-programmed swarms of light-pixel drones
for firework displays or for limited performance testing applications. Teal s waiver allows dynamic re-tasking by the pilot in
command. Instead of flying a pre-coordinated low-risk display, the pilot is authorized to adjust the trajectory of the drones in real
time. This minor differentiation has long been a critical missing link needed to implement multi-drone technology in real-world applications
such as infrastructure and public safety inspections. 

 Teal
secured this waiver by working closely with the FAA to validate multi-drone operation and establish the performance criteria to normalize
it by integrating reliability-focused design features and extensive testing of safety-critical components. This waiver is yet another
milestone in Teal s goal of making small drones a ubiquitous tool across industries. This waiver will ideally open the door to
future FAA authorizations that allow for multi-drone technology implementation, thereby reducing the cost and complexity of implementing
drone technology for customers across verticals like critical asset inspections, public safety, and more. 

 E.
 Other Teal Information 

1. Suppliers 

Teal
purchases inventory from over 35 suppliers. 80 of this inventory is purchased from four vendors. The most critical components are electronics
and cameras. Teal's supply chain is NDAA and Blue UAS compliant. All suppliers are approved based on Teal's strict vendor qualification
process. 

2. Competition 

Teal's
primary competitor is DJI. Though regulation is trending toward further restrictions against Chinese made drones, DJI remains a global
industry leader and continues to serve markets that Teal is focused on. Domestic competitors of Teal include Vantage Robotics and Skydio.
These companies were selected alongside Teal out of 37 companies to compete in the Short Range Reconnaissance Tranche 2 program. Future
competitors may include established defense contractors that are better capitalized and resourced to compete in Teal's markets. Teal
competes with a combination of its unique product value propositions (i.e. nighttime capability, modular platform), and scalable domestic
manufacturing. 

 Skypersonic 

 Skypersonic
enables drones to Fly Anywhere . Its Skycopter is a miniature drone in a protective cage which can navigate dangerous military
environments such as a damaged, bombed building while recording critical ISR data yet not damaging its environment or the drone. Its
Skylogic software system enables the drone to record the inspection or surveillance data even though GPS communications are not available
in such restricted environments. Skyloc is a stand-alone, real time, software system which enables the drone to record and transmit data
even while being operated from thousands of miles away. The Company believes that Skypersonic can enable military operators to complete
ISR in a safer, quicker, and more efficient manner. Traditionally, such activities are completed by soldiers on foot patrol who normally
need to travel into dangerous military environments where the enemy can be waiting to attack. Additional dangers exist when the soldiers
need to explore extreme heights or constrained spaces, such as bombed buildings, in order to secure the required ISR. 

13 

Following
establishment of the Enterprise segment, which includes Skypersonic and Teal, the Company determined to narrow Enterprise's near term
focus on the military and other government agencies. This decision reflected (i) a decision to exclusively focus the Company's limited
financial resources on its strongest near term business prospects and (ii) recognition of the ability to deploy the Skycopter in dangerous
military environments. Enterprise intends to expand its sales and marketing efforts to other commercial applications once its military
platform is fully established. 

A. Recent
 Accomplishments 

1. Delivers
 Drones, Rover, and Piloting Platform to NASA s Simulated Mars Missions 

 In
November 2022, Skypersonic delivered the hardware and software for a rover and drone system that the crew members of NASA s Simulated
Mars Mission will use to remotely explore Martian-like terrain around Earth all from their 1,700-square-foot simulated Martian
habitat at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas. 

 Crew
members will spend one year living and working in a habitat designed and built to simulate life on the Red Planet. The Skypersonic drones
and rover will be taken to an area on Earth that is similar to Martian terrain such as a desert or mountainous region 
where they will be controlled remotely by crew members in Houston. The exercise is designed to test the ability of astronauts on Mars
to remotely explore the planet with drones and rovers. Skypersonic's real-time transoceanic remote piloting platform will drive the piloting
of both the drones and the rover. 

 NASA
personnel trained on piloting the drones with Skypersonic s Martian Simulator, a computer-simulation of the Martian environment
based on actual photographs and video of the surface of Mars. 

 Skypersonic
was initially awarded a five-year contract with NASA in September 2021. 

2. Validated
 Technology Platform on an Active Volcano 

 In
August 2022, Skypersonic validated its software and hardware on Mt. Etna, an active volcano in Sicily where the landscape is similar
to Martian geology. Using its ground-breaking Long Range Real-Time Remote Piloting System, the drone and rover on the active volcano
in Italy were controlled by personnel in Houston, Texas, in real time. Whereas most drones cannot be piloted without connecting to the
GPS network, Skycopter uses technology that is able to control and track the drone in locations such as Mars where GPS
is not available. 

3. Inspected
 Italian Utility Plant with drone piloted from the United States 

 In
June 2022, Skypersonic completed an inspection of a utility plant in Turin, Italy using a drone controlled by a pilot physically located
in Orlando, Florida. The drone was controlled relying solely on an internet connection from a normal cellphone. The pilot had never visited
the plant, nor had he seen any drawings or photos of the floorplan or the layout which included many staircases, ducts, equipment, and
other obstacles. Using the Company s Skyloc operating system, the drone was piloted without using GPS (Global Positioning System)
which is traditionally used for outdoor flights but which is often not available in closed, restricted environments. 

14 

4. Two-year
 Facility Inspection Program completed with General Motors 

 In
May 2022, Skypersonic completed a two-year program with General Motors GM using the Skycopter to perform crane
rail inspections in all 19 of its North American stamping (metalworking) facilities. 

 The Skycopter was able to
capture critical information that is relevant to the maintenance of GM s facilities and their internal structures in a relatively
short amount of time. Information was captured in two to three hours versus what would normally take eight to twelve hours and require
shutting the facility down completely, erecting scaffolds, and hoisting personnel in the air and onto the rails for manual inspection,
saving not only significant time but also substantial costs. The Skycopter provided an inspection and data collection service that is
faster than traditional methods while also providing a much safer work environment for employees. 

 The
full inspection program took over two years to complete, including the initial planning and pilot training phases, while the inspection
process required 14 months. The program consisted of the video recording of 50,000 cumulative feet of crane rails captured from more
than 200 flight hours. The Skycopter was piloted by General Motors personnel at all times following completion of an initial pilot training
program with Skypersonic. General Motors is also evaluating the use of the Skycopter in other inspection applications
across additional plants and facilities. 

 IV.
 Consumer Segment 

 The
Consumer Segment focuses on selling drones and related parts to enthusiasts and hobbyists. Fat Shark and Rotor Riot operate in this segment . 

 The
Consumer segment focuses on drones piloted with wearable display devices. These are head mounted displays HMDs ), similar
to goggles, for drone pilots. HMDs give pilots a first person view FPV to control their drone in flight.
This is a unique experience where the pilot is interacting with an aircraft through visual immersion. The pilot sees only what the drone
sees, as if sitting in the pilot seat. This experience is accomplished by live streaming footage from a camera mounted on the nose of
the drone directly into specially designed goggles worn by the pilot. The image is transmitted via radio (traditionally analog but increasingly
digital) to the pilot. The drone remote control unit, the drone device, and the FPV goggles are all connected via radio. This requires
sophisticated electronics that transmit visual information with sufficient speed and reliability to allow pilot control over the drone
in real-time. Pilots routinely achieve speeds of over 90 mph in racing and other mission critical applications. An FPV pilot must experience
a near complete transfer of their visual consciousness into the body of their piloted device. 

There
are three common categories of FPV flight freestyle flight, racing, and aerial photography. In freestyle, the pilot navigates
around obstacles focused on acrobatics and exploring the environment. FPV racing describes a growing spectator sport where pilots fly
their drones in competitions through a series of obstacles, flags, and gates in a racetrack. Aerial photography is the process of viewing
and recording a subject matter from the air from the viewpoint of the pilot. 

15 

Consumer
is working to increase customer adoption of Fat Shark's new digital based headset systems. The shift from analog to digital is
critical to Fat Shark's strategy for long term product sales. DJI was first to market with digital FPV headsets for 2 years and
gained a substantial majority market share for this product. This has slowed the initial sales of Fat Sharks product offerings.
Overcoming this is paramount to preventing DJI from cornering the customer base and securing market position for Fat Shark. For this
effort, Consumer has coordinated both subsidiaries, Fat Shark and Rotor Riot, to promote sales of Fat Shark digital
headsets. 

Consumer
has increased targeted paid advertisements on Facebook, Google, and other platforms. These ads are directed toward both existing FPV
customers as well as acquiring new customers from tangential markets such as photography. The ads direct sales through the Rotor Riot
online store as well as other vendors of Fat Shark digital products. 

Additionally,
Consumer has offered discounted bundles via the Rotor Riot online store. These bundles combine Fat Shark's digital headsets with ready
to fly drones built by Rotor Riot. These bundles provide the customer with cost savings and an easier entry point into Fat Shark's digital
ecosystem. 

A.
 Launch of Innovative Dominator Drone FPV Goggle 

 In
May 2022, Fat Shark launched a new FPV (first-person viewer) drone headset the Dominator. The Dominator is a low latency, 1080p
digital goggle with an extended flight range over existing systems. 

 B.
 Customers 

Revenues
for the Consumer segment are principally generated through distributors (for Fat Shark) and online (for Rotor Riot through its e-commerce
site, www.rotorriot.com ). Consumer markets its products and services to recreational and professional
drone pilots and hobbyists. 

C.
 Competition 

Rotor
Riot competes with a number of significantly larger, better capitalized companies. SZ DJI Technology Company, Ltd., commonly known as
DJI, is the dominant market leader in the Consumer Segment with a global market share estimated at more than 70 , according to industry
research firms. Other competitors include Parrot and Lumenier. Race Day Quads is a larger, direct competitor in the FPV sector. Consumer
competes against these financially stronger companies by leveraging its visibility on the internet through its Facebook page which has
more than 37,000 members and its Rotor Riot channel which has more than 267,000 subscribers. The Rotor Riot brand has been at the center
of the racing and freestyle culture of drones since registering its domain name in 2015. 

Fat
Shark also competes with DJI as well as other FPV headset companies including Skyzone, Orca, and HD Zero. The Fat Shark brand has been
synonymous with FPV headsets since the emergence of the market in 2008. Fat Shark continues to compete through partnerships with other
FPV companies and a focus on manufacturing and product quality. 

16 

D.
 Suppliers 

Rotor Riot purchases inventory from over
80 suppliers although 44 of this inventory is purchased from four vendors. The two most critical components are electronics and frames.
The United States has continuously increased tariffs on the inventory that Rotor Riot purchases from China. Since 2019, tariffs ranging
from 2 to 25 have been imposed on 88 of Rotor Riot s inventory. 68 of Rotor Riot's inventory is purchased directly from Chinese
based vendors, and all these items are subject to tariffs. An additional 20 is purchased from vendors that are affected by the tariffs
resulting in higher costs for Rotor Riot. 28 of Rotor Riot s inventory consists of DJI products which are subject to the highest
25 tariff rate. These tariffs increase the cost of goods which reduces the company s profit margins. To date, Rotor Riot has been
unable to find comparable non-Chinese products and vendors. 

V.
 The Drone Industry 

The
Drone industry continues to expand beyond its military origin to become a powerful business tool and recreational activity. We expect
both of these markets to continue to grow. 

The global commercial drone market size
 was estimated at approximately 30 billion in 2022. It is anticipated to expand at a compounded annual growth rate of almost 39 
 from 2023 to 2030 (grandviewresearch.com). 

The military drone market is expected to
 reach more than 11 billion by 2024 (dronesourced.com). 

The drone services market is expected to
 grow to more than 60 billion by 2025 (Insider Intelligence). 

Consumer drone market is projected to increase
 from 4.3 billion in 2022 to approximately 20 billion by 2030, with a compounded annual growth rate of 20.8 from 2023 to 2030 (snsinsider.com). 

A.
 Government Regulation and Federal Policy 

1. The
 Federal Aviation Administration 

The
Federal Aviation Administration FAA of the United States Department of Transportation is responsible for the regulation
and oversight of civil aviation within the U.S. Its primary mission is to ensure the safety of civil aviation. The FAA has adopted the
name unmanned aircraft UA to describe aircraft systems without a flight crew on board. More common names
include drone, Unmanned Aerial Vehicle UAV and remotely operated aircraft. 

The
FAA began issuing regulations governing drones in 2005 with their scope and frequency expanding in recent years with the significant
increase in the number of drones sold. In December 2015, the FAA announced that all drones weighing more than 250 grams, or 0.55 pounds,
must be registered with the FAA. As of July 2023, the FAA reported the registration of almost 870,000 drones, of which approximately
350,000 were commercial and approximately 520,000 were recreational. In addition, more than 330,000 remote pilots were certified. 

17 

In
January 2021, the FAA finalized rules requiring that drones be identifiable remotely. These rules are effective for drone manufacturers
beginning in September 2022 and for drone pilots in September 2023. The FAA believes that remote ID technologies will enhance safety
and security by allowing the FAA, law enforcement, and federal security agencies to identify drones flying in their jurisdiction. These
efforts lay the foundation for more complex operations, such as those beyond visual line of sight at low altitudes, as the FAA and the
drone industry move toward a traffic management ecosystem for Unmanned Aircraft System flights separate from, but complimentary to, the
air traffic management system. 

The
Company believes that the oversight of the FAA is beneficial to the drone industry generally, and the Company specifically. Approximately
10 of the drones sold by Rotor Riot are below the weight threshold required to register. The remaining 90 have more functionality,
are more likely to be used for commercial purposes, and therefore, should be registered. 

2. Infrastructure
 Bill 

In November 2021, Congress passed the Infrastructure
Investment and Jobs Act which may provide multiple business opportunities for the drone industry. Drones already play a vital role in
many of the programs covered by the bill, including railways, roads and bridges, storm preparation, electrical grid strengthening and
sewage maintenance. With more than 280 billion earmarked for these programs alone, the Company believes there is a significant opportunity
to expand its existing relationship with the Department of Defense and NASA to include other agencies of the Federal Government. 

These
services include enabling rapid inspections and surveillance to ensure efficiency and identifying potential issues developing on roadways
or electrical grids prior to their becoming disabled. Drones also provide the ability to efficiently manage maintenance once improvements
have been completed. Congress has also been debating an additional 50 million allocation for both 2022 and 2023 as part of the Drone
Infrastructure Inspection Grant Act which would provide funding specifically for drone use, thereby adding new opportunities for
the Company in the context of the larger bill. 

 In
addition, the Company strongly supports the Build America, Buy America Act component of the bill which emphasizes the need
for infrastructure improvements and maintenance to be completed by American companies for the benefit of U.S. citizens. Specifically,
the bill states: United States taxpayer dollars invested in public infrastructure should not be used to reward companies that have
moved their operations, investment dollars, and jobs to foreign countries or foreign factories, particularly those that do not share
the commitment of the United States to environmental, worker, and workplace safety protections. 

Red
Cat Holdings was founded as an American company and each of its acquisitions has been completed within the U.S. borders to help strengthen
the U.S. economy and provide U.S.-based jobs. With Teal s new drone manufacturing facility up and running in Utah, the Company
is well positioned to provide drones and services to support the needs of these infrastructure programs. 

18 

3. American
 Security Drone Act 

In
February 2023, two Congressman introduced the American Security Drone Act of 2023 which would prohibit the purchase of drones
from countries identified as national security threats such as China. The basis for the legislation is that purchases from these countries
(i) pose a significant threat to national security, (ii) represent efforts to infiltrate and influence American society, and (iii) risk
the theft of personal and business data. Specifically, the American Security Drone Act: 

Prohibits
 federal departments and agencies from procuring certain foreign commercial off-the-shelf
 drone or covered unmanned aircraft system manufactured or assembled in countries identified
 as national security threats, and provides a timeline to end current use of these drones. 

Prohibits
 the use of federal funds awarded through certain contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements
 to state or local governments from being used to purchase foreign commercial off-the-shelf
 drones or covered unmanned aircraft systems manufactured or assembled in a country identified
 as a national security threat. 

Requires
 the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report to Congress detailing the
 amount of foreign commercial off-the-shelf drones and covered unmanned aircraft systems procured
 by federal departments and agencies from countries identified as national security threats. 

 VI.
 Other Corporate Information 

 A.
 Environmental Considerations 

While
the operations of many businesses have some form of negative impact on the environment, drones have a unique ability to provide a positive
contribution. Many of these relate to a drone s ability to reach places in a more efficient manner, and include such activities
as: 

aerial mapping and
 nature monitoring; 

maintenance of renewal
 energy sources such as solar panels and wind turbines; 

disaster relief monitoring
 and relief delivery; and 

agricultural sustainability
 solutions 

B.
 Intellectual Property 

The
company has consolidated its intellectual property into a subsidiary, UAVPatent Corp. The subsidiary holds 36 issued patents and registered
designs and 16 pending patents and registered designs. The Intellectual Property IP portfolio includes design and utility
patents ranging from FPV headsets to the architecture for Skyperonic's Fly Anywhere platform. None of the patents are currently licensed
and IP is generated in the general course of doing engineering design. 

UAVPatent
Corp also has the trademarks on the Rotor Riot, Fat Shark, Teal, Skypersonic, and Red Cat brands and logos. 

19 

C.
Employees 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had 76 full-time employees. 

D.
 Research and Development 

During
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, we incurred research and development costs of 5,248,336 and 2,606,141, respectively, excluding
 692,947 and 516,456 of stock-based compensation, respectively. 

Item
1A 

 Risk
Factors - Summary 

i. Risks
 Related to our Financial Results and Condition 

We
 have incurred net losses since inception. 

We
 may need additional capital to fund our expanding operations until we reach profitability,
 and if we are not able to obtain sufficient capital, we may be forced to limit or curtail
 our operations. 

Lack
 of long-term purchase orders and commitments from customers may lead to a rapid decline in
 sales. 

Our
 products require a continuing investment in research and development, and may experience
 technical problems or delays, which could lead the business to fail. 

The
 nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered
 by insurance or indemnity. 

Product
 quality issues and a higher-than-expected number of warranty claims or returns could harm
 our business and operating results. 

Our
 products will likely experience declining unit prices and we may not be able to offset that
 decline with production cost decreases or higher unit sales. 

Our
 operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide political, economic and public health
 uncertainties and specific conditions in the markets we address. 

Acquisitions
 could divert the attention of key personnel, be difficult to integrate, dilute our existing
 shareholders and adversely impact our financial results. 

Divestitures
 could divert the attention of key personnel, be difficult to complete, and adversely impact
 our continuing operations. 

Our
 failure to effectively manage growth could harm our business. 

Our
 products are subject to lengthy development cycles. 

We
 expect to incur substantial research and development costs related to identifying and commercializing
 new products and services which may never result in revenues. 

ii. Risks
 Related to our Operations 

Our
 operations may be adversely affected if we lose our rights under third-party technology licenses. 

If
 our customers are not satisfied with our technical support, firmware or software updates,
 they may choose not to purchase our products which would adversely impact business and operating
 results. 

20 

Our
 use of open-source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and
 could subject us to possible litigation. 

We
 could lose the services of key management personnel of the companies that we have acquired
 which could adversely impact our ability to operate and execute our subsidiaries effectively. 

We
 must recruit and retain highly trained and experienced employees, especially engineers, in
 order to succeed in our business. 

Our
 facilities and information systems and those of our key suppliers could be damaged as a result
 of disasters or unpredictable events which could have an adverse effect on our business operations. 

We
 rely on third-party suppliers, some of which are sole-source suppliers, to provide components
 for our products which may lead to supply shortages, long lead times for components, and
 supply changes, any of which could disrupt our supply chain, increase our costs, and adversely
 impact our operating results. 

Several
 steps of our manufacturing processes are dependent upon certain critical machines and tools
 which could result in delivery interruptions and foregone revenues. 

We
 depend on third parties to provide integrated circuit chip sets and other critical components
 for use in our products. 

While
 the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly subsided, it continues to pose risks to our business,
 results of operations and financial condition, and the future nature and extent of COVID-19
 is highly uncertain and unpredictable. 

iii. Risks
 Related to our Industry 

We
 operate in an emerging and rapidly growing industry which makes it difficult to evaluate
 our current business and future prospects. 

We
 face competition from larger companies that have substantially greater resources which challenges
 our ability to establish market share, grow our business segments, and reach profitability. 

We
 may not be able to keep pace with technological advances in the drone industry. 

Any
 significant disruption to ecommerce business could result in lost sales. 

Cybersecurity
 risks could adversely affect our business and disrupt our operations. 

iv. Risks
 Related to Our Enterprise Segment 

U.S.
 government contracts are generally not fully funded at inception and may include provisions
 that are not favorable to us which could adversely impact our cash flows and results of operations. 

A
 decline in U.S. government budgets, changes in spending priorities, or delays in contract
 awards could adversely affect the revenues of our Teal subsidiary. 

Our
 work for the U.S. government could expose us to security risks. 

We
 are subject to extensive government regulation and our failure to comply with these regulations
 could subject us to penalties that may adversely impact our ability to operate our business. 

21 

v. Risks
 Related to Our Consumer Segment 

Our
 Consumer Segment operates in a highly competitive market and the size, resources, and brand
 name of its competitors may allow them to compete more effectively than our businesses which could result in a loss of market share and a decrease in revenues. 

If
 our Consumer Segment fails to keep pace with changing consumer preferences or technologies,
 then our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

If
 we do not maintain and develop sales channels for products, then our sales could decline,
 and our operating losses could increase. 

If
 HMD s and pilot gear do not gain greater acceptance in the marketplace, the business
 strategy may fail. 

There
 are a number of competing providers of micro-display-based personal display technology, including
 HMDs, and we may fail to capture a substantial portion of the FPV personal wearable display
 market. 

Our
 dependence on sales to VARs, resellers, and distributors increases the risks of managing
 our supply chain and may result in excess inventory or inventory shortages. 

We
 do not control our contract manufacturers or suppliers and actions that they might take could
 harm our reputation and sales. 

Our
 principal manufacturer of HMDs is located in China and is owned by a related party which
 could create conflicts of interest. 

If
 critical components become scarce or unavailable, then we may incur delays in fulfilling
 sales orders which could adversely impact our business. 

If
significant tariffs or other restrictions are placed and maintained on
Chinese imports or any related countermeasures are taken by China, our revenue and results of our Consumer operations may be adversely impacted. 

If
the Consumer Segment is required to secure its inventory from sources other
than China, then we could encounter difficulties in purchasing sufficient quantities and types of inventory which would adversely impact
the sales, operating results, and financial condition of the Consumer Segment. 

vi. Risks
 Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
 management has voting control of the Company. 

Our
 failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have an adverse
 impact on the Company. 

We
 have never paid dividends and we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

The
 listing of our securities on Nasdaq subject us to additional regulations and compliance requirements. 

Our
 Board of Directors may authorize and issue shares of new classes of stock that could adversely
 affect current holders of our common stock. 

Our
 shares will be subordinate to all of our debts and liabilities which increases the risk that
 investors could lose their entire investment. 

The
 market price of our shares of common stock is subject to fluctuation. 

Future
 capital raises may dilute our existing stockholders ownership and adversely impact
 the fair value of their investment. 

22 

vii. Risks
 Related to Regulatory Matters 

The
 drone industry is subject to various laws and government regulations which could complicate
 and delay our ability to introduce products, maintain compliance, and avoid violations which
 could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
 business and products are subject to government regulation, and we may incur additional compliance
 costs or be forced to suspend or cease operations if we fail to comply. 

Our
 results of operations may suffer if we are not able to successfully manage our exposure to
 foreign exchange rate risks. 

Our
 international operations, including the use of foreign contract manufacturers, subjects us
 to international operational, financial, legal, political and public health risks which could
 harm our operating results. 

We
 could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar
 anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions in which we operate. 

We
 are subject to governmental export and import controls, and economic sanctions laws that
 could subject us to liability and impair our ability to compete in international markets. 

Changes
 in trade policy in the United States and other countries may have adverse impacts on our
 business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
 may collect, store, process and use the personal information of our customers which subjects
 us to governmental regulation related to privacy, information security and data protection.
 Any cybersecurity breaches or our failure to comply with such legal obligations by us, or
 by our third-party service providers or partners, could harm our business. 

viii. Risks
 Related to Intellectual Property 

Our
 products could infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. 

Our
 intellectual property rights and proprietary rights may not adequately protect our products. 

Risks
Related to our Financial Results and Condition 

 We
have incurred net losses since inception. 

We
have never been profitable and reported an accumulated deficit of almost 55 million at April 30, 2023. These losses have had an adverse
effect on our financial condition, stockholders equity and working capital. We will need to generate higher revenues and control
operating costs in order to attain profitability. We can provide no assurances that we will even be able to reach profitability. 

We
may need additional capital to fund our expanding operations until we reach profitability, and if we are not able to obtain sufficient
capital, we may be forced to limit or curtail our operations. 

During
the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, we acquired Skypersonic and Teal Drones. Our other businesses include Rotor Riot and Fat Shark.
Historically, only Fat Shark has reported profits and it was not profitable in fiscal 2022 or 2023. There can be no assurance that any
of our operating businesses will reach profitability in the future. 

23 

If
additional equity and/or debt financing is not available, then we may not be able to continue to develop our business activities, and
we will have to modify our business plan. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our future operating results and our
financial condition. If we are unable to raise additional funds to continue as a going concern, we could be forced to cease our business
activities and dissolve. In such an event, we may incur additional financial obligations, including the accelerated maturity of debt
obligations, lease termination fees, employee severance payments, and other creditor and dissolution-related obligations. 

Our
ability to raise financing through sales of equity and/or debt securities depends on general market conditions and the demand for our
common stock and/or debt securities. We may be unable to raise adequate capital through sales of equity and/or debt securities, and if
our stock has a low market price at the time of such sales, our existing stockholders could experience substantial dilution. If adequate
financing is not available or unavailable on acceptable terms, we may find we are unable to fund expansion, continue offering products
and services, take advantage of acquisition opportunities, develop or enhance services or products, or to respond to competitive pressures
in the industry which may jeopardize our ability to continue operations. 

Lack
of long-term purchase orders and commitments from customers may lead to a rapid decline in sales. 

Our
customers issue purchase orders solely at their own discretion, often shortly before the requested date of shipment. Customers are generally
able to cancel orders (without penalty) or delay the delivery of products on relatively short notice. In addition, current customers
may decide not to purchase products for any reason. If our customers do not continue to purchase our products, then our sales volume
could decline rapidly with little or no warning. 

We
cannot rely on long-term purchase orders or commitments to protect us from the negative financial effects of a decline in demand for
our products. The uncertainty of product orders makes it difficult to forecast sales and allocate resources in a manner consistent with
actual sales. Moreover, expense levels and the amounts invested in capital equipment and new product development costs are based in part
on expectations of future sales and, if expectations regarding future sales are inaccurate, we may be unable to reduce costs in a timely
manner to adjust for sales shortfalls. As a result of lack of long-term purchase orders and purchase commitments, we may experience a
rapid decline in sales. 

Our
products require a continuing investment in research and development, and may experience technical problems or delays, which could lead
the business to fail. 

Our
research and development efforts remain subject to all the risks associated with the development of new products based on emerging and
innovative technologies. This includes, for example, unexpected technical problems or the possible insufficiency of funds for completing
development of these products. If technical problems or delays arise, further improvements in products and the introduction of future
products could be adversely impacted, and we could incur significant additional expenses, an inability to increase revenues and increasing
operating losses. 

The
nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity. 

We
develop and sell products where insurance or indemnification may not be available, including (i) those using advanced and unproven technologies
and drones, and (ii) those that collect, distribute and analyze various types of information. 

24 

Failure
of certain of our products could result in loss of life or property damage. Certain products may raise questions with respect to issues
of civil liberties, intellectual property, trespass, conversion and similar concepts. Indemnification to cover potential claims or liabilities
resulting from a failure of technologies developed or deployed may be available in certain circumstances but not in others. We do
not and are not able to maintain insurance to protect against our risks and uncertainties. Substantial claims resulting from an accident,
failure of our product, or liability arising from our products in excess of any indemnity or insurance coverage (or for which indemnity
or insurance is not available or was not obtained) could harm our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. Any accident,
even if fully covered or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult
for us to compete effectively. 

Product
quality issues and a higher-than-expected number of warranty claims or returns could harm our business and operating results. 

The
products that we sell could contain defects in design or manufacture. Defects could also occur in the products or components that are
supplied to us. There can be no assurance we will be able to detect and remedy all defects in the hardware and software we sell which
could result in product recalls, product redesign efforts, loss of revenue, reputational damage and significant warranty and other remediation
expenses. Similar to other mobile and consumer electronics, our products have a risk of overheating in the course of usage or upon malfunction.
Any such defect could result in harm to property or in personal injury. If we determine that a product does not meet product quality
standards or may contain a defect, the launch of such product could be delayed until we remedy the quality issue or defect. The costs
associated with any protracted delay necessary to remedy a quality issue or defect in a new product could be substantial. 

We
generally provide a one-year warranty on all of our product except in certain European countries that mandate two years for some consumer-focused
products. The occurrence of any material defects in our products could expose us to liability for damages and warranty claims in excess
of our current reserves, and we could incur significant costs to correct any defects, warranty claims or other problems. In addition,
if any of our product designs are defective or are alleged to be defective, we may be required to participate in a recall campaign. In
part due to the terms of our warranty policy, any failure rate of our products that exceeds our expectations may result in unanticipated
losses. Any negative publicity related to the perceived quality of our products could affect our brand image and decrease retailer, distributor
and consumer confidence and demand, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Further, accidental damage
coverage and extended warranties are regulated in the United States at the state level and are treated differently within each state.
Additionally, outside of the United States, regulations for extended warranties and accidental damage vary from country to country. Changes
in interpretation of the regulations concerning extended warranties and accidental damage coverage on a federal, state, local or international
level may cause us to incur costs or have additional regulatory requirements to meet in the future in order to continue to offer our
support services. Our failure to comply with past, present and future similar laws could result in reduced sales of our products, reputational
damage, penalties and other sanctions, which could harm our business and financial condition. 

25 

Our
products will likely experience declining unit prices and we may not be able to offset that decline with production cost decreases or
higher unit sales. 

Prices
of established consumer and enterprise electronics, displays, personal computers, and mobile products tend to decline significantly over
time or as new enhanced versions are introduced, frequently every 12 to 24 months in the markets in which we compete. In order to maintain
adequate product profit margins over the long term, we believe that we will need to continuously develop product enhancements and new
technologies that will either slow price declines of our products or reduce the cost of producing and delivering our products. While
we anticipate opportunities to reduce production costs over time, we may not be able to reduce our component costs. We expect to attempt
to offset the anticipated decrease in our average selling price by introducing new products, increasing our sales volumes, or adjusting
our product mix. If we fail to do so, our results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide political, economic and public health uncertainties and specific conditions
in the markets we address. 

A
deterioration in global economic, financial, and/or public health conditions, including global pandemics, economic recessions and political
turmoil could materially adversely affect (i) our ability to raise, or the terms of needed capital; (ii) demand for our current and future
products; and (iii) the supply of components for our products. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown
or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, or in the drone industry. 

Acquisitions
could divert the attention of key personnel, be difficult to integrate, dilute our existing shareholders and adversely impact our financial
results. 

Since
January 2020, we have completed four acquisitions which have significantly increased the scope of our operations and our employee headcount.
Acquisitions include a wide range of risks, any of which could hurt our business, including the following: 

difficulties
 in integrating the operations of a newly acquired company including existing products and
 contracts, differences in corporate culture, operating systems and other integration issues; 

challenges
 supporting and transitioning the customers of acquired companies and the loss of any acquired
 customers will adversely impact our revenues and operating results; 

assumption
 of known and unknown operating problems and our potential inability to address them in a
 timely and efficient manner; 

risks
 of entering new geographic markets where we have no prior experience and are required to
 gain an understanding of the legal, regulatory, labor and business laws of these new markets; 

In
addition, there are many financial risks associated with the cost of acquisitions. If we finance the cost of an acquisition using common
stock, then our existing shareholders will be diluted and our stock price could decrease. If we finance the cost of an acquisition using
debt, such financing could include restrictive covenants that restrict our operating and financial flexibility. If the stock market perceives
that we overpaid for the acquisition, then our stock price could decrease. 

26 

Divestitures
could divert the attention of key personnel, be difficult to complete, and adversely impact our continuing operations. 

 We
have a signed purchase agreement SPA to sell our Consumer segment. The SPA was executed in November 2022 but the sale still
has not been consummated as of the end of June 2023. The process of selling the Consumer segment has required significant time and attention
from many of our key personnel. This has adversely impacted the time and attention that these key personnel are able to commit to the
Enterprise segment which will be our primary business following the sale of the Consumer segment. We do not presently have a firm closing
date and key personnel continue to spend significant time and attention trying to close the transaction. If we are not able to successfully
close the sale of the Consumer segment, we will continue to operate the Consumer segment even though we would prefer to close the transaction
and sell the Consumer segment. This may adversely impact the operation of the Enterprise segment including our ability to execute the
growth objectives that we have established for the Enterprise segment. This could adversely impact our revenues, costs and financial
results. 

Our
failure to effectively manage growth could harm our business. 

We
intend to expand the number and types of products we sell. We will need to replace and regularly introduce on a timely basis new products
and technologies, enhance existing products, and effectively stimulate customer demand for new products and upgraded or enhanced versions
of our existing products. 

The
replacement and expansion of our products places a significant strain on our management, operations and engineering resources. Specifically,
the areas that are strained most by these activities include the following: 

New
 Product Launches: With the changes in and growth of our product portfolio, we will experience increased complexity in
 coordinating product development, manufacturing, and shipping. As this complexity increases, it places a strain on our ability to
 accurately coordinate the commercial launch of our products with adequate supply to meet anticipated customer demand and effectively
 market to stimulate demand and market acceptance. We have experienced delays in the past. If we are unable to scale and improve our
 product launch coordination, we could frustrate our customers and lose possible retail shelf space and product sales; 

Existing
 Products Impacted by New Introductions : The introduction of new products or product enhancements may shorten the life
 cycle of our existing products, or replace sales of some of our current products, thereby offsetting the benefit of a successful
 product introduction and may cause customers to defer purchasing our existing products in anticipation of the new products. These
 occurrences could potentially lead to challenges in managing inventory of existing products. We may also provide price protection
 to some of our retailers as a result of new product introductions and reduce the prices of existing products. If we fail to effectively
 manage new product introductions, our revenue and profitability may be harmed; and 

Forecasting,
 Planning and Supply Chain Logistics : With the changes in and growth of our product portfolio, we will experience increased
 complexity in forecasting customer demand, in planning for production, and in transportation and logistics management. If we are
 unable to scale and improve our forecasting, planning, production, and logistics management, we could frustrate our customers, lose
 product sales or accumulate excess inventory. 

27 

Our
products are subject to lengthy development cycles. 

Our
products are subject to lengthy product development cycles. The time elapsed between initial sampling of our products, the custom design
of our products to meet specific product requirements, and the ultimate incorporation of our products into salable products is significant,
often with a duration of more than one year. If our products fail to meet our customers cost, performance, or technical requirements
or if unexpected technical challenges arise in the integration of our products into enterprise or consumer markets, then our operating
results could be significantly and adversely affected. Long delays in achieving customer qualification and incorporation of our products
also could adversely affect our business. Many HMD companies including Fat Shark are introducing digital HMDs which could create shortages
of components and provide an opportunity for companies with significantly greater resources than us to accelerate migration to digital
products in a manner or timeline which we cannot meet, which could cause us to lose market share and harm our business and prospects.
These same risks exist in our Enterprise sector where our competitors include some of the largest defense companies in the world. 

We
expect to incur substantial research and development costs related to identifying and commercializing new products and services which
may never result in revenues. 

Our
future growth depends on expanding into new markets, adapting existing products to new applications, and introducing new products and
services that achieve market acceptance. We plan to incur substantial research and development costs as part of these efforts. We spent
 5.2 million, or 53 of our revenue, in our fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, on internal research and development activities. We believe
that there are significant investment opportunities in a number of business areas. Because we account for internal research and development
as an operating expense, these expenditures will adversely affect our earnings in the future. Further, our research and development programs
may not produce successful results, and our new products and services may not achieve market acceptance, generate revenue or cash flow,
which could adversely impact our financial results and liquidity. 

Risks
Related to our Operations 

Our
operations may be adversely affected if we lose our rights under third-party technology licenses. 

Our
business relies on technology rights and software licensed from third parties. We could lose our exclusivity or other rights to use the
technology if we fail to comply with the terms and performance requirements of the licenses. In addition, certain licensors may terminate
a license upon our breach and have the right to consent to sublicense arrangements. If we were to lose our rights under any of these
licenses, or if we were unable to obtain required consents to future sublicenses, we could lose a competitive advantage in the market,
and may even lose the ability to commercialize certain products or technologies. 

If
our customers are not satisfied with our technical support, firmware or software updates, they may choose not to purchase our products
which would adversely impact business and operating results. 

Our
business relies on our customers satisfaction with the technical support, firmware, software and security updates we provide to
support our products. If we fail to provide technical support services and necessary updates that are (i) responsive, (ii) satisfy our
customers expectations and (iii) resolve issues that they encounter with our products, then customers may choose not to purchase
additional products and we may face brand and reputational harm which could adversely affect our operating results. 

28 

Our
use of open-source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and could subject us to possible litigation. 

We
incorporate open-source software into our products. Open-source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties
under open-source licenses. Some of these licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative
works we create based upon the open-source software, and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of a
particular open-source license or other license granting third parties certain rights of further use. Additionally, if a third-party
software provider has incorporated open-source software into software that we license from such provider, we could be required to disclose
any of our source code that incorporates or is a modification of our licensed software. If an author or other third-party that distributes
open-source software that we use or license were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of the applicable license, we
could incur significant legal expenses defending against those allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from
offering or selling our products that contained the open-source software and be required to comply with the foregoing conditions. Any
of the foregoing could disrupt and harm our business and financial condition. 

We
could lose the services of key management personnel of the companies that we have acquired which could adversely impact our ability to
operate and execute our subsidiaries effectively. 

In recent years, we have
completed four acquisitions which have resulted in a significant expansion in the number of key management personnel and our reliance
on them. Dr. Allan Evans, the former CEO of Fat Shark is now Chief Operating Officer of Red Cat Holdings. George Matus has remained as
President of Teal Drones. Drew Camden has remained as President of Rotor Riot, LLC. Each of these individuals were critical to the founding
and growth of their companies prior to their being acquired by Red Cat Holdings. They have specific knowledge and insight regarding the
operations of their respective companies, and the loss of any of them could adversely affect the efficiency of the operations of the related
subsidiary. If we were required to replace any of these individuals, it would likely result in difficulties effectively growing the affected
businesses and higher operating costs which would adversely impact our operating results. 

We
must recruit and retain highly trained and experienced employees, especially engineers, in order to succeed in our business. 

We
will need to hire and retain highly skilled technical personnel as employees and as independent contractors in order to develop our products
and grow our business. The competition for highly skilled technical, managerial, and other personnel can be intense. Our recruiting and
retention success is substantially dependent upon our ability to offer competitive salaries and benefits to our employees. We must compete
with companies that possess greater financial and other resources than we do and that may be more attractive to potential employees and
contractors. To be competitive, we may have to increase the compensation, bonuses, stock options and other fringe benefits we offer to
employees in order to attract and retain such personnel. The costs of retaining or attracting new personnel may have a material adverse
effect on our business and operating results. If we fail to attract and retain the technical and managerial personnel required to be
successful, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

29 

Our
facilities and information systems and those of our key suppliers could be damaged as a result of disasters or unpredictable events which
could have an adverse effect on our business operations. 

Our
manufacturing facility is located in Salt Lake City, Utah. We also rely on third-party manufacturing plants in the US, Asia and other
parts of the world to provide key components for our products and services. If major disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tropical
storms pandemics, fires, floods, wars, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, transportation disasters or other events occur in any of
these locations, or the effect of climate change on any of these factors or our locations, or our information systems or communications
network or those of any of our key component suppliers breaks down or operates improperly as a result of such events, our facilities
or those of our key suppliers may be seriously damaged, and we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. We
may also incur expenses relating to such damages. If production or shipment of our products or components is stopped or delayed or if
we incur any increased expenses as a result of damage to our facilities, our business, operating results and financial condition could
be materially adversely affected. 

We
rely on third-party suppliers, some of which are sole-source suppliers, to provide components for our products which may lead to supply
shortages, long lead times for components, and supply changes, any of which could disrupt our supply chain, increase our costs, and adversely
impact our operating results 

Our
ability to meet customer demand depends on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of components for our products. All of
the components that go into our products are sourced from third-party suppliers. Some of the key components used to manufacture our products
come from a limited or single source of supply or by a supplier that could potentially become a competitor. Our contract manufacturers
generally purchase these components on our behalf from approved suppliers. We are subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times
in the supply of these components and the risk that our suppliers discontinue or modify components used in our products. In addition,
the lead times associated with certain components are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. We have
experienced component shortages and the availability of these components may be unpredictable in the future. 

If
we lose access to or experience a significant disruption in the supply of products and components from a supplier, we may be unable to
locate alternative suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all, and our business could be materially and adversely
affected. In addition, if we experience a significant increase in demand for our products, our suppliers might not have the capacity
or elect not to meet our needs as they allocate components to other customers. Developing suitable alternate sources of supply for these
components may be time-consuming, difficult and costly, and we may not be able to source these components on terms that are acceptable
to us, or at all, which may adversely affect our ability to fulfill our orders in a timely or cost-effective manner. Identifying a suitable
supplier is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with the supplier s quality control, responsiveness and service,
financial stability, labor and other ethical practices. If we seek to source materials from new suppliers, there can be no assurance
that we could do so in a manner that does not disrupt the manufacture and sale of our products. 

Our
reliance on single source, or a small number of suppliers involves a number of additional risks, including risks related to supplier
capacity constraints, price increases, timely delivery, component quality, failure of a key supplier to remain in business and adjust
to market conditions, as well as natural disasters, fire, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events, including global pandemics. 

30 

Several
steps of our manufacturing processes are dependent upon certain critical machines and tools which could result in delivery interruptions
and foregone revenues. 

We
currently have little equipment redundancy in manufacturing locales. If we experience any significant disruption in manufacturing or
a serious failure of a critical piece of equipment, we may be unable to supply products to our customers in a timely manner. Interruptions
in our manufacturing could be caused by equipment problems, the introduction of new equipment into the manufacturing process or delays
in the delivery of new manufacturing equipment. Lead-time for delivery, installation, testing, repair and maintenance of manufacturing
equipment can be extensive. We have experienced production interruptions in the past and no assurance can be given that we will not lose
potential sales or be able to meet production orders due to future production interruptions in our manufacturing lines. 

We
depend on third parties to provide integrated circuit chip sets and other critical components for use in our products. 

We
do not manufacture the integrated circuit chip sets, optics, micro-displays, backlights, projection engines, printed circuit boards or
other electronic components which are used in our products. Instead, we purchase them from third-party suppliers or rely on third-party
independent contractors for these integrated circuit chip sets and other critical components, some of which are customized, or custom
made for us. We also may use third parties to assemble all or portions of our products. Some of these third-party contractors and suppliers
are small companies with limited financial resources. If any of these third-party contractors or suppliers were unable or unwilling to
supply these components, our sales and operating results would be adversely impacted. As the availability of components decreases, the
cost of acquiring those components ordinarily increases. High growth product categories such as the consumer electronics and mobile phone
markets have experienced chronic shortages of components during periods of exceptionally high demand. If we do not properly anticipate
the need for or procure critical components, we may pay higher prices for those components, our gross margins may decrease and we may
be unable to meet the demands of our customers and end-users which could reduce our competitiveness, cause a decline in our market share
and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

While
the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly subsided, it continues to pose risks to our business, results of operations and financial condition,
and the future nature and extent of COVID-19 is highly uncertain and unpredictable. 

While
the Covid Pandemic is considered to be largely over, new strains of the virus continue to periodically emerge and certain countries have
implemented restrictions on their citizens which impacts business activities. We continue to experience adverse impacts on our operations,
including supply chain delays related to international shipment of components for our drones. 

Additionally,
the COVID-19 pandemic caused significant volatility and uncertainty in U.S. and international markets which may result in a
prolonged economic downturn. A disruption of financial markets may reduce our ability to access capital and increase the cost of doing
so. There are no assurances that the credit markets or the capital markets will be available to us in the future or that financing will
be available. 

We
cannot reasonably estimate the length or severity of the COVID-19 pandemic or the related response, or the extent to which
the disruption may continue to impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Ultimately, the COVID-19 pandemic
could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

31 

Risks
Related to our Industry 

We
operate in an emerging and rapidly growing industry which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future
prospects. 

The
drone industry is relatively new and is growing rapidly. As a result, it is difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects.
We cannot accurately predict whether, and even when, demand for our products will increase, if at all. The risks, uncertainties and challenges
encountered by companies operating in emerging and rapidly growing industries include: 

Generating sufficient revenue to cover operating costs and sustain operations; 

Acquiring and maintaining market share; 

Attracting and retaining qualified personnel, especially engineers with the requisite technical skills; 

Successfully developing and commercially marketing new products: 

Accessing the capital markets to raise additional capital, on reasonable terms, if and when required to sustain operations or to grow
the business. 

We
face competition from larger companies that have substantially greater resources which challenges our ability to establish market share,
grow our business segments, and reach profitability. 

The
drone industry is attracting a wide range of significantly larger companies which have substantially greater financial, management, research
and marketing resources than us. Competitors in the Enterprise segment include transportation companies like United Parcel Service, Federal
Express and Amazon, as well as defense companies such as Lockheed Martin Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, and AeroVironment.
Our competitors may be able to provide customers with different or greater capabilities than we can provide, including technical qualifications,
pricing, and key technical support. Many of our competitors may utilize their greater resources to (i) develop competing products and
technologies, (ii) leverage their financial strength to utilize economies of scale and offer lower pricing, and (iii) hire more qualified
personnel by offering more generous compensation packages. In order to secure orders and contracts, we may have to offer comparable products
and services at lower pricing which could adversely affect our operating margins. Our inability to compete effectively against these
larger companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We
may not be able to keep pace with technological advances in the drone industry. 

The
drone industry continues to undergo significant changes, primarily related to technological developments. The rapid growth of technology
and shifting consumer tastes makes it impossible to predict the overall effect these factors could have on the drone industry. If we
are not able to keep pace with these technological advances, then our revenues, profitability and results from operations may be materially
adversely affected. 

We
will continue to rely on components (including micro-display panels organic light-emitting diode OLED and liquid crystal LC displays for our goggle displays, transmitters and cameras) that are developed and produced by other companies. The
commercial success of our future products will depend on advances in these and other technologies by other companies. We may, from time
to time, contract with and support companies developing key technologies in order to accelerate the development of such products for
our uses. Such activities might not result in useful technologies or components for us but may help our competitors. 

32 

Any
significant disruption to ecommerce business could result in lost sales. 

Our
sales through ecommerce channels have been growing. Sales through rotorriot.com, and fatshark.com and our related web stores generally
have higher profit margins than sales through resellers and distributors. Online sales are subject to a number of risks. System interruptions
or delays could cause potential customers to fail to purchase our products and could harm our brand. The operation of our direct-to-consumer
ecommerce business depends on our ability to maintain the efficient and uninterrupted operation of online order-taking and fulfillment
operations. Our ecommerce operations subject us to certain risks that could have an adverse effect on our operating results, including
risks related to the computer systems that operate our website and related support systems, such as system failures, viruses, denial
of services attacks, computer hackers and similar disruptions. If we are unable to continually add software and hardware, effectively
upgrade our systems and network infrastructure and take other steps to improve the efficiency of our systems, then system interruptions
or delays could occur that would adversely affect our operating results. 

We
utilize third-party vendors for our customer-facing ecommerce technology, portions of our order management system and fulfillment. We
depend on our technology vendors to manage up-time of the front-end ecommerce store, manage the intake of our orders, and
export orders for fulfillment. Any failure on the part of our third-party ecommerce vendors or in our ability to transition third-party
services effectively could result in lost sales and harm our business. 

Cybersecurity
risks could adversely affect our business and disrupt our operations. 

The
threats to network and data security are increasingly diverse and sophisticated. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches,
our devices, as well as our servers, computer systems, and those of third parties that we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity
risks. These risks include cyber-attacks such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic
break-ins, employee theft or misuse, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our servers and computer systems or those
of third parties that we use in our operations. The occurrence of any of these events could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical
data, unauthorized access to user data, and loss of consumer confidence. In addition, we may be the target of email scams that attempt
to acquire personal information or company assets. Despite our efforts to create security barriers to such threats, we may not be able
to entirely mitigate these risks. Any cyber-attack that attempts to obtain our data and assets, disrupt our service, or otherwise access
our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.
A cyber attack would be expensive to remedy and could damage our reputation. In addition, any such breaches may result in negative publicity,
adversely affect our brand, decrease demand for our products and services, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Our Enterprise Segment 

U.S.
government contracts are generally not fully funded at inception and may include provisions that are not favorable to us which could
adversely impact our cash flows and results of operations. 

US
government contracts often have long lead times for design and development, and can be subject to significant changes in delivery timelines.
Congress normally appropriates funds on its fiscal year basis, and it may not fully fund a program in the same fiscal year. Depending
upon the results of political elections, the actions of Congress can change from one fiscal year to the next. As a result, we may be
required to expend funds to fulfill existing orders, but subsequently have the delivery timeline extended or the order cancelled. Such
results would have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 

33 

A
decline in U.S. government budgets, changes in spending priorities, or delays in contract awards could adversely affect the revenues
of our Teal subsidiary. 

We
presently expect that much of our future revenue growth will be generated by our wholly owned subsidiary, Teal Drones, and that their
primary customer is likely to be the U.S. government and its agencies. As a result, our business may be adversely impacted due to changes
in the political environment, including those related to changes in the leadership of the current and or future administrations. We cannot
provide assurance that the current levels of congressional funding, for defense in general, and for drones specifically, will continue
at their current levels or decrease in the future. If annual budget appropriations are not enacted on a timely basis, we could encounter
government shutdowns which could adversely impact any existing programs including the timely payment of prior shipments, as well as the
receipt of future orders. 

Our
work for the U.S. government could expose us to security risks. 

We
expect that an increasing percentage of our revenues will come from the U.S. government and its agencies. This may expose us to numerous
security threats, including cyber security attacks on our information technology infrastructure as well as threats to the physical safety
of our facilities and our employees. We utilize numerous controls and procedures to monitor and prevent these threats, however, we can
provide no assurance that they will be effective. Any improper use of our data, information technology systems or facilities could adversely
impact our operations and operating results. 

We
are subject to extensive government regulation and our failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to penalties that may
adversely impact our ability to operate our business. 

As
a vendor to the U.S. government and other state and local agencies, we are subject to and must comply with numerous government regulations
which impact how we operate our business. These regulations could adversely affect our revenues, operating costs and profit margins.
Some of the regulations to which we are subject, and the federal agencies which administer these regulations, include: 

Federal
 Aviation Administration, which regulates the use of airspace for all aircraft, including UAS such as drones 

The
 Truth in Negotiations Act, which requires certification and disclosure of all factual pricing and cost data in contract negotiations 

The
 Federal Acquisition Regulations, which govern the formation and administration, as well as the performance, under government contracts 

The
 False Statements Act and The False Claims Act which imposes penalties on payments made on the basis of facts provided to the government 

The
 Federal Communications Commission which regulates the wireless spectrum upon which drones depend for data transmission 

It
is expensive and time consuming to comply with the regulations and requirements of these federal government agencies. The costs incurred
to maintain compliance will adversely impact our operating costs and could delay our ability to operate profitably in the future, if
at all. 

34 

Risks
Related to Our Consumer Segment 

Our
Consumer Segment operates in a highly competitive market and the size, resources, and brand name of its competitors may allow them to
compete more effectively than our businesses which could result in a loss of market share and a decrease in revenues. 

The
market for drones and head-worn display devices, including FPV HMDs, is highly competitive. We expect competition to intensify in the
future as existing competitors introduce new and more competitive offerings alongside their existing products, and as new market entrants
introduce new products into our markets. We compete against established, well-known diversified consumer electronics manufacturers such
as Samsung, Sony, LG Electronics (LGE), HTC, Lenovo, and large software and other products companies such as Alphabet Inc. (Google),
Microsoft, Facebook and Snap. In the FPV drone market, we compete with established, well-known manufacturers such as Epson, Yuneec, Boscam,
Eachine, Walkera, SkyZone, MicroLED and DJI. Many of our current competitors have substantial market share, diversified product lines,
well-established supply and distribution systems, strong worldwide brand recognition and greater financial, marketing, research, development
and other resources than us. In addition, many of our existing and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such
as: 

longer operating histories; 

the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products; 

broader distribution and established relationships with channel partners; 

access to larger, established customer bases and known branding; 

greater resources to fund research and development and to make acquisitions; 

larger intellectual property portfolios; and 

the ability to bundle competitive offerings with other products and services. 

Smartphones,
tablets, and new wearable devices with larger video display screens and computing power have significantly improved the mobile personal
computing experience. In the future, the manufacturers of these devices, such as Apple Inc., Samsung, LGE, Lenovo, Google/Fitbit, Snap,
Garmin, Facebook, Microsoft and others may design or develop products similar to ours. In addition, new companies may emerge and offer
competitive products. Increased competition may result in pricing pressure and reduced profit margins and may impede our ability to increase
the sales of our products. Any of these factors could substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

If
our Consumer Segment fails to keep pace with changing consumer preferences or technologies, then our business and results of operations
may be materially adversely affected. 

Rapidly
changing customer requirements, evolving technologies and industry standards characterize the consumer electronics, wearables, and display
industries. To succeed in the consumer marketplace, we seek to enhance existing products and develop and market new products that keep
pace with continuing changes in industry standards, requirements, and customer preferences. 

35 

Our
success depends on our ability to develop new products and to identify trends as well as to anticipate and react to changing customer
demands in a timely manner. If we are unable to introduce new products or novel technologies in a timely manner, or new products or technologies
are not accepted by customers, then our competitors may introduce more advanced and competitive products which could hurt our competitive
position. Our new products might not receive customer acceptance if customer preferences shift to other products, and our future success
depends on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes. Failure to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing customer
preferences could lead to lost business, lower revenue and excess inventory levels. 

If
we do not maintain and develop sales channels for products, then our sales could decline, and our operating losses could increase. 

We
depend upon effective sales channels in reaching the customers who purchase our drone and HMD products. We primarily sell products either
from in-house sales teams directly to retail outlets such as hobby shops or through websites and value-added resellers. 

Distributors,
third-party online resellers, and VARs generally offer products from several different manufacturers. Accordingly, these distributors,
resellers and VARs may give higher priority to selling other companies products. If we were to lose the services of a distributor,
online reseller, or VAR, we might need to find a replacement, and there can be no assurance of our ability to do so in a timely manner
or on reasonable terms and conditions. Further, resellers and distributors may build inventories in anticipation of future sales, and
if such sales do not occur as rapidly as they anticipate, resellers and distributors will decrease the size of their future product orders.
We are also subject to the risks of distributors, resellers and VARs encountering financial difficulties which could impede their effectiveness
and also expose us to financial risk. For example, if they are unable to pay for the products they purchase or are subject to ongoing
disruptions in their business from unexpected events such as COVID-19. Any reduction in sales by current distributors or VARs, loss of
key distributors and VARs or decrease in revenue from distributors and VARs could adversely affect our revenue, operating results, and
financial condition. 

If
HMD s and pilot gear do not gain greater acceptance in the marketplace, the business strategy may fail. 

The
acquisition of Fat Shark was based upon the acceptance of HMD wearables for FPV control of drones and the continuation of the attractiveness
of that method for piloting drones. Fat Shark has experienced declining revenues over the past several years and such trend may continue
or accelerate. Advances in other technologies may enable them to become more attractive technologies for FPV applications, which could
limit the potential market for our products and cause our business strategy to fail. If end-users fail to accept HMDs in the numbers
we anticipate or as soon as we anticipate, the sales of our FPV products and our results of operations would be adversely affected, and
our business strategy may fail. 

36 

There
are a number of competing providers of micro-display-based personal display technology, including HMDs, and we may fail to capture a
substantial portion of the FPV personal wearable display market. 

In
addition to competing with other HMD manufacturers and distributors for FPV displays, we also compete with micro-display-based personal
display technologies that have been developed by other companies. Numerous start-up companies plan to offer HMD products and developer
kits in the future. Further, industry blogs have speculated that companies such as Apple may also offer HMDs in the future. 

Most
of our competitors have greater financial, marketing, distribution, and technical resources than we do. Moreover, our competitors may
succeed in developing new micro-display-based personal display technologies and products that are more affordable or have more desirable
features than our technology. If our products are unable to capture a reasonable portion of the HMD market, our business strategy may
fail. 

Our
dependence on sales to VARs, resellers, and distributors increases the risks of managing our supply chain and may result in excess inventory
or inventory shortages. 

The
majority of the reseller relationships for our HMD products and their accessories could involve them taking inventory positions and reselling
to multiple customers. Under some typical distributor relationships, we would not recognize revenue until the distributors sell the product
to their end user customers and receive payment. However, we do not currently enter into these types of arrangements. Our distributor
and VAR relationships may reduce our ability to forecast sales and increase risks to our business. Since our distributors and VARs would
act as intermediaries between us and the end user customers or resellers, we would be required to rely on our distributors to accurately
report inventory levels and production forecasts. This may require us to manage a more complex supply chain and monitor the financial
condition and credit worthiness of our distributors and VARs and their major end user customers. Our failure to manage one or more of
these risks could result in excess inventory or shortages that could adversely impact our operating results and financial condition. 

We
do not control our contract manufacturers or suppliers and actions that they might take could harm our reputation and sales. 

We
do not control our contract manufacturers or suppliers, including their labor, environmental or other practices. Though we may seek to
conduct periodic visits to some of our contract manufacturers and suppliers, these visits are not frequent or thorough enough to detect
non-compliance with applicable laws and good industry practices. A violation of labor, environmental or other laws by our contract manufacturers
or suppliers, or a failure of these parties to follow ethical business practices, could lead to negative publicity and harm our reputation.
In addition, we may choose to seek alternative manufacturers or suppliers if these violations or failures were to occur. Identifying
and qualifying new manufacturers or suppliers can be time consuming and we might not be able to substitute suitable alternatives in a
timely manner or at an acceptable cost. Other consumer products companies have faced significant criticism for the actions of their manufacturers
and suppliers, and we could face such criticism ourselves. Any of these events could adversely affect our brand, harm our reputation,
reduce demand for our products and harm our ability to meet demand if we need to identify alternative manufacturers or suppliers. 

37 

Our
principal manufacturer of HMDs is located in China and is owned by a related party which could create conflicts of interest. 

Fat
Shark has historically made purchases and sales of products and supplies for FPV and HMD products from and sold through three companies
owned by the spouse of Greg French. Mr. French was the former owner of Fat Shark and was formerly a consultant to the Company. Mr. French
is a significant shareholder in the Company. These companies are Direct FPV Ltd. (China), Shenzhen FatShark Co., Ltd (China) and Zeng
Linghao (China). As a result, these business activities have and may, in the future, be subject to influences and may provide such parties
with conflicts of interest and business opportunities that may not be subject to reasonable assessment and may not be available to Fat
Shark or to the Company. These persons may also face a conflict in selecting between Fat Shark and their other business interests. We
have not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts. These entities are not subject to restrictions on competition with
Fat Shark or the Company. 

If
critical components become scarce or unavailable, then we may incur delays in fulfilling sales orders which could adversely impact our
business. 

We
obtain components for our drones from a limited number of suppliers. Most of these components are sourced from China which has been engaged
in a trade war with the United States over the past few years. We do not have a long-term agreement with these suppliers that obligates
them to sell components to us. Our reliance on these suppliers entails significant risks and uncertainties, including whether these suppliers
will provide an adequate quantity of components, at a reasonable price, and on a timely basis. While there are options to purchase certain
components from suppliers based in the United States, we would be forced to pay higher prices which would adversely impact our gross
margin and operating results. Our operating results could be materially, adversely impacted if our suppliers do not provide the critical
components used to assemble our products on a timely basis, at a reasonable price, and in sufficient quantities. 

If significant tariffs
or other restrictions are placed and maintained on Chinese imports or any related countermeasures are taken by China, our revenue and
results of our Consumer operations may be adversely impacted. 

If significant tariffs or
other restrictions are placed on Chinese imports or any related counter-measures are taken by China, the revenue and results of operations
of our Consumer Segment may be adversely impacted. In 2018, the Trump Administration introduced a list of thousands of categories of
goods that began facing tariffs which may be increased in the future. These tariffs are still in effect in 2023. These tariffs currently
affect some of the products of our Consumer segment, and we may be required to raise our prices on those products due to the tariffs
which may result in a loss of customers and harm our operating performance. If the existing tariffs are expanded or interpreted by a
court or governmental agency to apply to any of our other products, we may be required to raise the selling prices on those Consumer
products, which may further result in a loss of customers and harm our operating performance. It is possible further tariffs will be
imposed on imports of our products, or that our business will be impacted by retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries
in response to existing or future tariffs imposed by the U.S. Such actions may cause us to raise prices or make changes to the operations
of our Consumer segment, any of which could materially harm the revenue and operating results of our Consumer segment. 

38 

If the Consumer Segment
is required to secure its inventory from sources other than China, then we could encounter difficulties in purchasing sufficient quantities
and types of inventory which would adversely impact the sales, operating results, and financial condition of the Consumer Segment. 

Historically, a substantial
portion of the inventory, including components, for the Consumer Segment are sourced from China. However, in recent years, the relationship
between China and the U.S. has deteriorated, including trade wars resulting in tariffs and limited supplies. In addition, the U.S. federal
government has become increasingly concerned with various methods in which China may be spying on the U.S. in an attempt to secure valuable
trade secrets and intellectual property. Many government agencies are mandating that products must be Made in America .
It is possible that these mandates could be expanded to include the consumer market. While there are options to purchase most components
from suppliers based in the United States, in most instances the cost is higher which adversely impacts our gross margins and operating
results. The operating results of the Consumer Segment could be materially, adversely impacted if our suppliers do not provide the critical
components used to assemble our products on a timely basis, at reasonable prices, and in sufficient quantities. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
management has voting control of the Company . 

Jeffrey
Thompson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, owns approximately 23 of our common stock and our current officers and directors
currently own approximately 31 of our common stock. In addition, Greg French, the founder of Fat Shark owns approximately 9 of our
issued and outstanding common stock. If they act together, they will be able to influence the outcome of all corporate actions requiring
approval of our shareholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions which may result
in corporate actions that other stockholders do not agree with. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change in control and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have an adverse impact on the Company . 

We
are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish and maintain those
controls could adversely impact public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition,
management s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed
which may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls
over financial reporting, disclosure of management s assessment of our internal controls, or disclosure of our public accounting
firm s attestation to our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our Common Stock. 

We
have never paid dividends and we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have reported net losses every year since inception. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development
of our business. If we ever become profitable, we do not expect to pay cash dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable
future. The payment of future cash dividends, if any, depend upon, among other things, conditions then existing including earnings, financial
condition and capital requirements, restrictions in financing agreements, business opportunities and other factors. As a result, capital
appreciation, if any, of our common stock, will be the sole source of gain for investors for the foreseeable future. 

39 

The
listing of our securities on Nasdaq subject us to additional regulations and compliance requirements. 

We
are required to maintain compliance with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. These include certain financial and liquidity criteria
to maintain such listing. If we fail to meet any of Nasdaq s listing standards, our securities may be delisted. Nasdaq requires
that the trading price of its listed stocks remain above one dollar in order for the stock to remain listed. If a listed stock trades
below one dollar for more than 30 consecutive trading days, then it is subject to delisting from Nasdaq. At times during May and June
2023, our stock has traded below 1 per share. While our stock has been trading above 1 per share in late June, the stock price could
trade below 1 per share again in the future. In addition, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements
and standards, including those regarding director and committee independence requirements, minimum stockholders equity, and certain
corporate governance requirements. If we are unable to satisfy these requirements or standards, we could be subject to delisting which
would have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair an investor s ability to sell or purchase our common
stock. In the event of a delisting, we would expect to take actions to restore our compliance with the listing requirements, but we can
provide no assurance that any such action would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price, improve the
liquidity of our common stock, or prevent future non-compliance with the listing requirements. A delisting of our securities from Nasdaq
may materially impair our stockholders ability to buy and sell our securities and could have an adverse effect on the market price
of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our securities. 

Our
Board of Directors may authorize and issue shares of new classes of stock that could adversely affect current holders of our common stock. 

Our
Board of Directors has the power to authorize and issue shares of classes of stock, including preferred stock that have voting powers,
designations, preferences, limitations and special rights, including preferred distribution rights, conversion rights, redemption rights
and liquidation rights without further shareholder approval. These powers could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common
stock. In addition, our board could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common
stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution
to our existing common stockholders. 

Any
of these actions could significantly adversely affect the investment made by holders of our common stock. In addition, holders of our
common stock could receive less proceeds in connection with any future sale of the Company, in liquidation or on any other basis. 

Our
shares will be subordinate to all of our debts and liabilities which increases the risk that investors could lose their entire investment. 

Our
shares of common stock are equity interests that will be subordinate to all of our current and future indebtedness with respect to claims
on our assets. In any liquidation, all of our debts and liabilities must be paid before any payment is made to our shareholders. 

40 

The
market price of our shares of common stock is subject to fluctuation. 

The
market prices of our shares may fluctuate significantly in response to a wide range of factors, many of which are beyond our control,
including: 

The
 announcement and release of new products by our competitors 

Developments
 in our industry or target markets 

General
 market conditions including factors unrelated to our operating performance 

National
 or international economic or political events which result in a material effect on the stock market 

The
stock market has, from time to time, experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Continued market fluctuations could result
in extreme market volatility in the price of our shares of common stock which could cause a decline in the value of our
shares. 

Future
capital raises may dilute our existing stockholders ownership and adversely impact the fair value of their investment. 

If
we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders percentage ownership may decrease, and these
stockholders may experience substantial dilution. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt instruments, these debt instruments could
impose significant restrictions on our operations including liens on our assets. If we raise additional funds through collaborations
and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or products, or to grant licenses on terms
that are not favorable to us or could diminish the rights of our stockholders. Any of these developments could adversely impact our stock
price. 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Matters 

The
drone industry is subject to various laws and government regulations which could complicate and delay our ability to introduce products,
maintain compliance, and avoid violations which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
operate in the drone industry which is a highly regulated environment in the US and international markets. Federal, state, and local governmental
entities and foreign governments may regulate aspects of the industry, including the production or distribution of our products, software
or services. These regulations may include accounting standards, taxation requirements, product safety, trade restrictions, environmental
regulations, products directed toward children or hobbyists, and other administrative and regulatory restrictions. While we endeavor
to take all the steps necessary to comply with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we can maintain compliance
on a continuing basis. Failure to comply could result in monetary liabilities and other sanctions which could increase our costs or decrease
our revenue resulting in a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

41 

Our
business and products are subject to government regulation, and we may incur additional compliance costs or be forced to suspend or cease
operations if we fail to comply. 

We
must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations, standards and other requirements governing, among other things, electrical safety,
wireless emissions, health and safety, e-commerce, consumer protection, export and import requirements, hazardous materials usage, product-related
energy consumption, packaging, recycling and environmental matters. Compliance with these laws, regulations, standards, and other requirements
may be onerous and expensive, and they may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction (including from country to country), further
increasing the cost of compliance and doing business. Our products may require regulatory approvals or satisfaction of other regulatory
concerns in the various jurisdictions in which they are manufactured, sold or both. These requirements create procurement and design
challenges that require us to incur additional costs identifying suppliers and manufacturers who can obtain and produce compliant materials,
parts and products. Failure to comply with such requirements can subject us to liability, additional costs, and reputational harm and,
in extreme cases, force us to recall products or prevent us from selling our products in certain jurisdictions. If there is a new regulation,
or change to an existing regulation that significantly increases our costs of manufacturing or causes us to significantly alter the way
that we manufacture our products, this would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Additionally, while we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, there
can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, and agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. 

Our
products must comply with certain requirements of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission FCC regulating electromagnetic
radiation in order to be sold in the United States and with comparable requirements of the regulatory authorities of the European Union EU ), Japan, China and other jurisdictions. Our FPV products include wireless radios and receivers which require additional
emission testing. We are also subject to various environmental laws and governmental regulations related to toxic, volatile, and other
hazardous chemicals used in the third-party components incorporated into our products, including the Restriction of Certain Hazardous
Substances Directive (the RoHS and the EU Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive (the WEEE Directive ),
as well as the implementing legislation of the EU member states. This directive restricts the distribution of products within the EU
that exceed very low maximum concentration amounts of certain substances, including lead. Similar laws and regulations have been passed
or are pending in China, Japan, and numerous countries around the world and may be enacted in other regions, including in the United
States. We are, or may in the future be, subject to these laws and regulations. 

Our
products may be subject to new domestic and international requirements. Compliance with regulations enacted in the future could substantially
increase our cost of doing business or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our business. Failure
to comply with regulations in the future could result in the imposition of fines or in the suspension or cessation of our operations
or sales in the applicable jurisdictions. Any such failure to comply with regulations may also result in our not being permitted, or
limit our ability, to ship our products which would adversely affect our revenue and ability to achieve or maintain profitability. 

Although
we encourage our contract manufacturers and major component suppliers to comply with the supply chain transparency requirements, such
as the RoHS Directive, we cannot provide assurance that our manufacturers and suppliers consistently comply with these requirements.
In addition, if there are changes to these or other laws or if new related laws are passed in other jurisdictions, we may be required
to re-engineer our products to use components compatible with these regulations. This re-engineering and component substitution could
result in additional costs or disrupt our operations or logistics. 

42 

The
WEEE Directive requires electronic goods producers to be responsible for the collection, recycling and treatment of such products. Changes
in interpretation of the directive may cause us to incur costs or have additional regulatory requirements to meet in the future in order
to comply with this directive, or with any similar laws adopted in other jurisdictions. Our failure to comply with past, present, and
future similar laws could result in reduced sales of our products, substantial product inventory write-offs, reputational damage, penalties
and other sanctions which could harm our business and financial condition. We also expect that our products will be affected by new environmental
laws and regulations on an ongoing basis. To date, our expenditures for environmental compliance have not had a material impact on our
results of operations or cash flows. Although we cannot predict the future impact of such laws or regulations, they will likely result
in additional costs and may require us to change the content of our products or how they are manufactured. These developments could have
a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Our
results of operations may suffer if we are not able to successfully manage our exposure to foreign exchange rate risks. 

A
substantial majority of our sales and cost of components are denominated in U.S. dollars. As our business grows, more of our sales and
production costs may be denominated in other currencies. Where such sales or production costs are denominated in other currencies, they
are converted to U.S. dollars for the purpose of calculating any sales or costs to us. Our sales may decrease as a result of any appreciation
of the U.S. dollar against these other currencies. 

Most
of our current expenditures are incurred in U.S. dollars and many of our components come from countries that currently base their currency
against the U.S. dollar. If the exchange rates change adversely or are allowed to increase, then additional U.S. dollars will be required
to fund our purchases of these components. 

Although
we do not currently enter into currency option contracts or engage in other hedging activities, we may do so in the future. There is
no assurance that we will undertake any such hedging activities or that, if we do so, they will be successful in reducing the risks associated
with our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. 

Our
international operations, including the use of foreign contract manufacturers, subjects us to international operational, financial, legal,
political and public health risks which could harm our operating results. 

A
substantial part of our operations, including manufacturing of certain components used in our products, are outside of the United States
and many of our customers and suppliers have some or all of their operations in countries other than the United States. Risks associated
with conducting business outside of the United States include: 

compliance
 burdens and costs associated with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, particularly labor and environmental, that govern
 our operations in those countries; 

legal
 uncertainties regarding foreign taxes, tariffs, border taxes, quotas, and export controls, 

export
 licenses, import controls and other trade barriers; 

economic
 instability and high levels of inflation in certain countries where our suppliers are located and 

customers,
 particularly in the Asia-Pacific region, causing delays or reductions in orders for their products and therefore our sales; 

43 

political
 or public health instability, including global pandemics, in the countries in which our suppliers operate; 

changes
 or volatility in currency exchange rates; 

difficulties
 in collecting accounts receivable and longer accounts receivable payment cycles; and 

Any
 of these factors could harm our own, our suppliers and our customers international operations and businesses and impair
 our and/or their ability to continue expanding into international markets. 

We
could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions
in which we operate. 

The
global nature of our business creates various domestic and local regulatory challenges and subject us to risks associated with our international
operations. We operate in areas of the world that experience corruption by government officials to some degree and, in certain circumstances,
compliance with anti-bribery and anticorruption laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Our global operations require us
to import from several countries which geographically expands our compliance obligations. In addition, changes in such laws could result
in increased regulatory requirements and compliance costs which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

The
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar anti-bribery and anticorruption laws in other jurisdictions prohibit U.S.-based
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business,
directing business to another, or securing an advantage. In addition, U.S. public companies are required to maintain records that accurately
and fairly represent their transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Under the FCPA, U.S. companies may
be held liable for the corrupt actions taken by directors, officers, employees, agents, or other strategic or local partners or representatives.
As a result, if we or our intermediaries fail to comply with the requirements of the FCPA or similar legislation, governmental authorities
in the United States and elsewhere could seek to impose substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition. 

We
are subject to governmental export and import controls, and economic sanctions laws that could subject us to liability and impair our
ability to compete in international markets. 

The
U.S. and various foreign governments have imposed controls, export license requirements and restrictions on the import or export of some
technologies. Our products are subject to U.S. export controls, including the Commerce Department s Export Administration Regulations
and various economic and trade sanction regulations established by the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls.
Exports of our products must be made in compliance with these laws. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit
the provision of products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. Even though we take precautions
to prevent our products from being provided to targets of U.S. sanctions, our products could be provided to those targets or provided
by our customers despite such precautions. Any such provision could have negative consequences, including government investigations,
penalties, and reputational harm. Our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our products could harm our international
and domestic sales and adversely affect our revenue. 

44 

Changes
in trade policy in the United States and other countries may have adverse impacts on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

The
U.S. government has indicated its intent to alter its approach to international trade policy through the renegotiation, and potential
termination, of certain trade agreements and treaties with China, countries in EMEA and other countries. These changes could include
the imposition of additional tariffs on a wide range of products. Policy changes in the United States or other countries, such as the
tariffs already proposed, implemented, and threatened, present risks for us. Tariffs already announced and implemented are having an
adverse effect on certain of our products, tariffs announced but not yet implemented may have an adverse effect on many of our products,
and threatened tariffs could adversely affect more or all of our products. There are also risks associated with retaliatory tariffs and
resulting trade wars. We cannot predict future trade policy, the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements or treaties, or tariffs and
their impact on our business. A trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. To the extent
that trade tariffs and other restrictions imposed by the United States or other countries increase the price of, or limit the amount
of, our products or components or materials used in our products imported into the United States or other countries, or create adverse
tax consequences, the sales, cost or gross margin of our products may be adversely affected and the demand from our customers for products
and services may be diminished. Uncertainty surrounding international trade policy and disputes and protectionist measures could also
have an adverse effect on consumer confidence and spending. If we deem it necessary to alter all or a portion of our activities or operations
in response to such policies, agreements or tariffs, our capital and operating costs may increase. Our ongoing efforts to address these
risks may not be effective and may have long-term adverse effects on our operations and operating results that we may not be able to
reverse. Such efforts may also take time to implement or to have an effect, and may result in adverse quarterly financial results or
fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. As a result, changes in international trade policy, changes in trade agreements and
tariffs could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may collect, store, process and use the personal information of our customers which subjects us to governmental regulation related to
privacy, information security and data protection. Any cybersecurity breaches or our failure to comply with such legal obligations by
us, or by our third-party service providers or partners, could harm our business. 

We
may collect, store, process and use the personally identifiable information of our customers and other data in our transactions with
them. We also rely on third parties that are not directly under our control to do so as well. While we take reasonable measures to protect
the security, integrity and confidentiality of the personal information and other sensitive information we collect, store or transmit,
we cannot guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure will not occur, or that third parties will not gain unauthorized
access to this information. While our privacy policies currently prohibit such activities, our third-party service providers or partners
may engage in such activity without our knowledge or consent. If we or our third- party service providers were to experience a breach,
disruption or failure of systems compromising our customers data, or if one of our third-party service providers or partners were
to access our customers personal data without our authorization, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected, use of
our products could decrease, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation and regulatory proceedings. 

Regulatory
scrutiny of privacy, data collection, use of data and data protection is intensifying globally, and the personal information and other
data we collect, store, process and use is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world,
especially in Europe. These laws often develop in ways we cannot predict and may materially increase our cost of doing business, particularly
as we expand the nature and types of products we offer. 

45 

Data protection legislation
is becoming increasingly common in the United States at both the federal and state level. For example, in 2020, the State of California
implemented the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ). The CCPA requires companies that process information
on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, allows consumers
to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. Additionally, the Federal
Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for
the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. The burdens of compliance imposed by the CCPA (and other similar laws
that may be enacted at the federal and state level) may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and/or to incur
substantial expenditures. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

Our
products could infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. 

Companies in the consumer
electronics, wireless communications, semiconductor, IT, and display industries steadfastly pursue and protect intellectual property
rights, often resulting in considerable and costly litigation to determine the validity of patents and claims by third parties of infringement
of patents or other intellectual property rights. Our products could be found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others.
Other companies may hold or obtain patents or inventions or other proprietary rights in technology necessary for our business. Periodically,
other companies inquire about our products and technology in their attempts to assess whether we violate their intellectual property
rights. If we are forced to defend against infringement claims, we may face costly litigation, diversion of technical and management
personnel, and product shipment delays, even if the allegations of infringement are unwarranted. If there is a successful claim of infringement
against us and we are unable to develop non-infringing technology or license the infringed or similar technology on a timely basis, or
if we are required to cease using one or more of our business or product names due to a successful trademark infringement claim against
us, it could adversely affect our business. 

Our
intellectual property rights and proprietary rights may not adequately protect our products. 

Our
commercial success will depend substantially on the ability to obtain patents and other intellectual property rights and maintain adequate
legal protection for products in the United States and other countries. We will be able to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized
use by third parties only to the extent that these assets are covered by valid and enforceable patents, trademarks, copyrights or other
intellectual property rights, or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. As of the date of this filing, we own 36 granted United
States and foreign patents and 16 pending United States and foreign patent applications. The U.S. patents and patent applications include
claims to, among other things, a drone, a printed circuit board, and HMD technology. We apply for patents covering our products,
services, technologies, and designs as we deem appropriate. We may fail to apply for patents on important products, services, technologies
or designs in a timely fashion, or at all. We do not know whether any of our patent applications will result in the issuance of any patents.
Even if patents are issued, they may not be sufficient to protect our products, services, technologies, or designs. Our existing and
future patents may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from developing competing products, services technologies, or designs.
Intellectual property protection and patent rights outside of the United States are even less predictable. As a result, the validity
and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. Moreover, we cannot be certain whether: 

46 

we
 were the first to conceive, reduce to practice, invent, or file the inventions covered by each of our issued patents and pending
 patent applications; 

others
 will independently develop similar or alternative products, technologies, services or designs or duplicate any of our products, technologies,
 services or designs; 

any
 patents issued to us will provide us with any competitive advantages, or will be challenged by third parties; 

we
 will develop additional proprietary products, services, technologies or designs that are patentable; or 

the
 patents of others will have an adverse effect on our business. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company has the following operating leases for real estate locations where it operates: 

Location 
 
 Monthly
 Rent 
 
 Expiration 
 
 South Salt
 Lake, Utah 

22,667 

December 2024 

Orlando, Florida 

4,520 

January 2025 

San Juan, Puerto Rico 

5,647 

June 2027 

Troy, Michigan 

550 

May 2022 

These
lease agreements have remaining terms up to 4.08 years, excluding options to extend certain leases for up to 5 years. 

The
weighted average remaining lease term as of April 30, 2023 was 2.40 years. The Company used a discount rate of 12 to calculate its lease
liability at April 30, 2023. Future lease payment obligations at April 30, 2023 were as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended: 
 
 2024 
 403,878 
 
 2025 
 304,676 
 
 2026 
 76,619 
 
 2027 
 79,300 
 
 2028 
 6,627 
 
 Total 
 871,100 

47 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On March 15, 2022, Robert Stang
filed an action against Teal Drones, Inc. and George Matus in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California,
Robert Stang v. Teal Drones, Inc. and George Matus (No. 22-cv-01586-JSC) and on September 15, 2022 filed a First Amended Complaint naming
Teal s former director Benjamin Lambert and the Company as additional defendants. The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract
and unlawful conversion and sale of shares of common stock that plaintiff alleges to have purchased. The Complaint also alleges breach
of fiduciary duty and seeks in excess of 1 million in damages. The Company believes it has a right to indemnification under the Teal
acquisition agreements and has notified the sellers of its intention to pursue indemnification claims under the Teal acquisition agreement
and set off claims against escrowed shares of the Company for such purpose. 

 On September 29, 2022, we, and our wholly-owned subsidiary
Teal Drones, Inc., initiated a legal proceeding (the Lawsuit against Autonodyne LLC Autonodyne and its
principal equity owner Daniel Schwinn Schwinn ), in Delaware Chancery Court. The case is captioned as Red Cat Holdings,
Inc., et al. v. Autonodyne LLC, et al., C.A. No. 2022-0878. The case arises from Autonodyne s unilateral purported termination
of a software licensing agreement entered between Teal Drones and Autonodyne in May 2022. The Lawsuit alleges causes of action for Breach
of Contract, Breach of the Implied Covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing, Tortious Interference with Contractual Relations and Prospective
Contractual Relations, Declaratory Judgment, and Injunctive Relief, and seeks both actual damages and injunctive relief. Before the defendants
answered, we filed a First Amended Complaint on December 5, 2022, which the defendants have moved to dismiss. The hearing on the motion
to dismiss is presently scheduled for October 23, 2023. No discovery or other significant developments in the Lawsuit have occurred. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

48 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq since April 30, 2021 under the symbol RCAT . 

The
last reported sales price of our common stock on July 24, 2023 was 1.12. 

Holders 

As
of July 26, 2023, there were 598 stockholders of record of our common stock 

Dividends

The
Company has never paid dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate that it will pay dividends in the foreseeable future. It
intends to use any future earnings for the expansion of its business. Any future determination of applicable dividends will be made at
the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and
other factors deemed relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan 

The
following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of April 30, 2023: 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan
 category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and vesting of restricted stock 
 Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options and warrants 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 7,307,341 
 1.88 
 1,442,659 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

______________ 

(1) 
 Represents
 stock options issued and restricted stock units awarded under the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not registered
under the Securities Act and were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by
the Company. 

49 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial
data included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 Management's
Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements relating to our
liquidity, and our plans for our business focusing on providing products, services and solutions to the drone industry. Any statements
that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements. When used, the words believe, plan, intend, 
 anticipate, target, estimate, expect, and the like, and/or future-tense or conditional
constructions will, may, could, should, etc.), or similar expressions, identify certain
of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. The Company's actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of many factors. 

 All
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update
such forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K except as required by federal securities law. 

Recent
Developments 

Corporate
developments during the two years ended April 31, 2023 include: 

Capital
Transactions 

S-1
Offering 

On
May 4, 2021, the Company closed a firm commitment underwritten public offering (the S-1 Offering for the sale of 4,000,000
shares of common stock, at a public offering price of 4.00 per share, to ThinkEquity, a division of Fordham Financial Management, Inc.,
as representative of the underwriters ThinkEquity ), pursuant to an underwriting agreement with Think Equity. The shares
were sold pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-253491), filed with the SEC, which was
declared effective by the Commission on April 29, 2021 (the S-1 Registration Statement ). The S-1 offering generated
gross proceeds of 16 million and net proceeds of approximately 14.6 million. 

50 

S-3
Offering 

On
July 21, 2021 the Company closed a firm commitment underwritten public offering (the S-3 Offering for the sale of 13,333,334
shares of common stock at a purchase price of 4.50 per share to ThinkEquity. The shares were sold pursuant to a registration statement
on Form S-3, as amended (File No. 333-256216), filed with the SEC, which was declared effective by the SEC on June 14, 2021
and a Supplement to the Prospectus contained in a registration statement filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021. The S-3 offering generated
gross proceeds of 60 million and net proceeds of approximately 55.5 million. 

Plan
of Operations 

Since
April 2016, the Company's primary business has been to provide products, services, and solutions to the drone industry which it presently
does through its four wholly owned subsidiaries. Beginning in January 2020, the Company expanded the scope of its drone products and
services through four acquisitions, including: 

A. 
 In January 2020, the Company acquired Rotor
 Riot, a provider of First Person View (FPV) drones and equipment, primarily to the consumer marketplace. The purchase price was 1,995,114. 

B. 
 In November 2020, the Company acquired Fat
 Shark Holdings, a provider of FPV video goggles to the drone industry. The purchase price was 8,354,076. 

C. 
 In May 2021, the Company acquired Skypersonic
 which provides hardware and software solutions that enable drones to complete inspection services in locations where GPS is not available,
 yet still record and transmit data even while being operated from thousands of miles away. The purchase price was 2,791,012. 

D. 
 In August 2021, the Company acquired Teal
 Drones, a leader in commercial and government UAV (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles) technology. The purchase price was 10,011,279. 

Following
the Teal acquisition, we focused on integrating and organizing these businesses. Effective May 1, 2022, we established the Enterprise
and Consumer segments in order to sharpen our focus on the unique opportunities in each sector. Enterprise's initial strategy was to
provide UAV's, primarily drones, to commercial enterprises, including the military, to navigate dangerous military environments and confined
industrial and commercial interior spaces. Subsequently, Enterprise narrowed its near term focus on the military and other government
agencies. Skypersonic's technology has been re-focused on military applications and its operations consolidated into Teal. The Consumer
segment, which includes Fat Shark and Rotor Riot, is focused on hobbyists and enthusiasts which are expected to increase as drones become
more visible in our daily lives. 

 In
November 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell our Consumer segment to Unusual Machines. The adjusted sale price is 20 million,
including 3 million in cash, at closing, and 17 million in securities of Unusual Machines. The agreement reflects the Company's decision
to focus its efforts and capital on military and defense where it believes that there are more opportunities to create long term shareholder
value. The closing of the transaction is contingent upon Unusual Machines completing (i) an initial public offering that raises sufficient
capital to close the transaction, and (ii) a listing on a public stock exchange such as the NYSE or Nasdaq. 

51 

Results
of Operations 

The
analysis of the Company's results of operations for the year ended April 30, 2023 Fiscal 2023 compared to the year ended
April 30, 2022 Fiscal 2022 includes its wholly owned subsidiaries including Teal Drones, Rotor Riot, Fat Shark, and Skypersonic.
The results for both periods is significantly impacted by the acquisition of Teal Drones on August 31, 2021. Teal is the Company s
largest operating subsidiary, and its operating results include 8 months for Fiscal 2022 and 12 months for Fiscal 2023. Since acquiring
Teal, the Company has more than tripled the number of Teal employees and significantly expanded its facilities. As a result, the comparison
of the year ended April 30, 2023 to the year ended April 30, 2022 yields more significant changes than might normally occur. 

At
the end of Fiscal 2023, the Company recognized an impairment loss of 2,826,918 related to Skypersonic goodwill which was written down
to zero. In addition, its operations were consolidated into Teal. Skypersonic's operating results represented 2 and 4 of consolidated
revenues and operating loss for Fiscal 2023. Based on its immateriality, Skypersonic is not included in the operating analysis set forth
below. 

A summary comparison
of Fiscal 2023 operating results compared to Fiscal 2022 is as follows: 

Fiscal
 
 2023 
 
 Fiscal
 
 2022 
 
 Dollar
 
 Change 
 
 Percentage
 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 

9,911,780 

6,428,963 

3,482,817 

54 

Cost of Goods 

10,248,575 

5,503,448 

4,745,127 

86 

Gross Margin 

(336,795) 

925,515 

(1,262,310) 

(136) 

Operating Expenses 

26,790,266 

13,927,801 

12,862,465 

92 

Operating Loss 

(27,127,061) 

(13,002,286) 

(14,124,775) 

(109) 

Discussion
and Analysis of Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022 

Revenues 

Consolidated revenues totaled
 9,911,780 during the year ended April 30, 2023 Fiscal 2023 compared to 6,428,963 during the year ended April 30, 2022 Fiscal 2022 representing an increase of 3,482,817, or 54 . Revenue growth for Teal and Rotor Riot represented 2,854,413
and 1,345,972 of the dollar increase, or 82 and 39 , of the percentage increase, respectively, which was partially offset by Fat Shark s
decrease of 606,006 or 17 . Revenue growth for Teal benefitted from a full year of operations in Fiscal 2023 compared to only eight
months in Fiscal 2023. Higher revenues for Rotor Riot were generated by a significant increase in digital marketing spending. Lower revenues
for Fat Shark related to its newest product, the Dominator, which was launched at the beginning of Fiscal 2023, and while it generated
strong initial sales in the first quarter, sales declined significantly over the remaining quarters in Fiscal 2023. 

Revenues for the Enterprise
Segment totaled 4,620,834 in Fiscal 2023 compared to 1,877,983 for Fiscal 2022, representing an increase of 2,742,851, or greater than
100 . This revenue growth was entirely attributable to Teal which recognized product sales of 3,051,348 in Fiscal 2023 and 904,600 of
revenue under the SRR Tranche II program. Revenues for the Consumer Segment totaled 5,290,946 in Fiscal 2023 compared to 4,550,980 for
Fiscal 2022, representing an increase of 739,966, or 16 . This revenue growth was entirely attributable to Rotor Riot whose revenues
increased by 1,345,972, more than offsetting a 606,006 decrease for Fat Shark. 

52 

Gross
Margin 

Consolidated
gross margin totaled negative 336,795 during Fiscal 2023 compared to 925,515 during Fiscal 2022 representing a decrease of 1,262,310,
or 136 . Gross margin dollar contribution for Teal, Rotor Riot, and Fat Shark totaled negative 857,721, positive 431,751, and positive
 158,285, respectively. The reported gross margin of negative 19 for Teal was adversely impacted by a charge of 1,405,807 related to
the write off of obsolete inventory related to its legacy drone, the Golden Eagle. Excluding this charge, core gross margin for Teal
was 12 in Fiscal 2023 compared to 19 in Fiscal 2022. The lower core gross margin in Fiscal 2023 reflects a significant investment by
the Company to build and scale a new manufacturing facility in Salt Lake City, Utah. Our manufacturing facility is presently producing
drones at a lower level than it is designed for, and these lower production levels, combined with higher labor and overhead costs, are
adversely impacting core gross margins at Teal. As production levels increase, our fixed overhead costs, including labor, will be allocated
to a greater number of drones which will drive our per-drone production costs lower and increase gross margins. The core operating margin
for Fat Shark was 15 in Fiscal 2023 compared to 2 in Fiscal 2022. The lower gross margin in Fiscal 2022 related to price reductions
of the prior digital goggle as the Company prepared for the launch of the Dominator in early Fiscal 2023. Separately, Fat Shark recorded
a charge of 182,845 related to the write-off of excess quantities of Dominator inventory based on sales volumes during the second half
of Fiscal 2023. This charge reduced gross margin from 15 to 7 . The core operating margin for Rotor Riot was 13 in Fiscal 2023 compared
to 21 in Fiscal 2022. The decrease related to higher product and shipping costs. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operations
expenses totaled 4,411,685 during the 2023 period compared to 1,353,904 during the 2022 period, resulting in an increase of 3,057,781,
or greater than 100 . Higher costs for Teal represented 2,934,250 or 96 of the percentage increase. Since its acquisition, we have
more than tripled Teal's headcount and doubled the size of its facilities. Approximately 49 of Teal's costs related to payroll, 21 
to employee-related office expenses, and 9 to overhead expenses with the balance spread ratably across numerous categories including
information technology, facilities, professional fees, and travel. 

Research
and development expenses totaled 5,248,336 during the year ended April 30, 2023 compared to 2,606,141 during the year ended April 30,
2022, representing an increase of 2,642,195, or approximately 100 . The entire increase can be attributed to Teal, with approximately
43 of its expenses related to payroll, 33 related to office, 21 related to professional fees, and 3 related to information technology. 

Sales
and marketing costs totaled 4,028,007 during the 2023 period compared to 1,127,532 during the 2022 period, resulting in an increase
of 2,900,475 or more than 100 . Higher costs for Teal and Rotor Riot represented 2,487,331 and 572,891 of the dollar increase and
86 and 20 of the percentage increase. Payroll costs, related to hiring at Teal, totaled 887,891 in the 2023 period compared to 24,428
during the 2022 period, resulting in an increase of 863,463 which represented 30 of the total increase in sales and marketing costs.
Travel and related costs totaled 567,307 in the 2023 period compared to 22,539 in the 2022 period resulting in an increase of 544,768
which represented 19 of the total increase. In addition, higher advertising and show production costs represented 27 of the increase
while professional fees accounted for 15 of the increase. 

53 

General
and administrative expenses totaled 6,618,596 during the year ended April 30, 2023 compared to 5,548,589 during the year ended April
30, 2022, representing an increase of 1,070,007 or 19 . Higher costs at the Corporate level essentially represented 100 of the increase.
Corporate includes executive compensation and other administrative costs associated with operating a publicly traded company including
departments such as finance, human resources, and administration. Other significant costs include professional services fees (legal,
audit, and board compensation), Nasdaq listing fees and filing costs, and corporate insurance. Specific increases in costs included payroll
which totaled 2,283,639 in the 2023 period compared to 1,536,125 in the 2022 period resulting in an increase of 747,514 or 70 of
the total increase in general and administrative expenses. Legal and lobbying services costs totaled 928,621 in Fiscal 2023 compared
to 312,367, representing an increase of 616,254, or 58 of the total increase. These higher costs were partially offset by decreases
in facilities costs of 140,634 and travel costs of 139,778. 

During
the year ended April 30, 2023, we incurred stock-based compensation costs of 3,656,724 compared to 3,291,635 in the 2022 period, resulting
in an increase of 365,089 or 11 . During the 2023 period, the Company issued 1,503,500 additional options which resulted in incremental
stock-based compensation costs of 322,215. 

Other
Income 

Other
income totaled 39,324 during the 2023 period compared to 1,313,158 during the 2022 period, representing a decrease of 1,273,834. This
decrease in other income was principally related to higher depreciation and amortization expense which totaled 966,072 during the 2023
period compared to 264,803 during the 2022 period resulting in an increase of 701,269 and representing 55 of the total decrease in
other income. Higher depreciation expense related to approximately 2.5 million in capital expenditures in Fiscal 2023, primarily related
to the construction of the new manufacturing facility in Salt Lake City, Utah. Higher amortization expense related to a full year of
amortization of intangible assets acquired through acquisitions, especially Teal. 

Net
Loss 

Net
Loss totaled 27,087,737 during the year ended April 30, 2023, compared to 11,689,128 during the year ended April 30, 2022, representing
an increase of 15,398,609, or greater than 100 . Net Loss for Teal, Rotor Riot and Fat Shark totaled 12,554,652, 1,204,175, and 526,211,
or 46 , 4 , and 2 of the consolidated net loss. The acquisition of Teal Drones in August 2021 accounted for most of the increase. Since
acquiring Teal, we have more than tripled its headcount and significantly expanded its facilities. Net loss for Teal during the 2023
period totaled 12,554,652 compared to 2,198,232 for the 2022 period, representing an increase of 10,356,420, or almost 5 times. The
higher net loss for Teal represented 67 of the increase in the consolidated net loss. Corporate costs totaled 11,747,049 in the
2023 period compared to 6,978,663 in the 2022 period resulting in an increase of 4,768,386 or 68 . The increase represented 31 
of the increase in the consolidated loss. 

54 

Cash
Flows 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 29,199,420 during the year ended April 30, 2023, compared to net cash used in operating activities
of 16,019,320 during the year ended April 30, 2022, representing an increase of 13,180,100 or 82 . Net cash used in operations, net
of non-cash expenses, totaled 20,322,665 during the year ended April 30, 2023, compared to 8,924,419 during the year ended April 30,
2022, resulting in an increase of 11,398,246, or greater than 100 . The higher use of cash primarily related to the acquisition of Teal
Drones in August 2021, and the subsequent expansion of its operations, as well the inclusion of a full year of operations in the 2023
period compared to eight months of operations in the 2022 period. Net cash used related to changes in operating assets and liabilities
totaled 8,876,755 during the year ended April 30, 2023, compared to 7,094,901 during the year ended April 30, 2022, representing an
increase of 1,781,854 or 25 . Changes in operating assets and liabilities can fluctuate significantly from period to period depending
upon the timing and level of multiple factors, including inventory purchases and vendor payments. Net inventory purchases, including
deposits, totaled 8,805,110 and 3,457,633 in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was 29,590,235 during the year ended April 30, 2023, compared to net cash used in investing activities
of 46,603,486 during the year ended April 30, 2022 resulting in a decrease of 76,193,721 or greater than 100 . During the 2023 period,
net proceeds of 32,290,448 from the maturities of marketable securities were used to fund operations, and 2,450,213 was used to purchase
property and equipment, primarily related to the expansion of the manufacturing facilities for Teal. During the 2022 period, purchases
of marketable securities, net of proceeds from sales of marketable securities, totaled 46,264,663. During Fiscal 2023, the Company was
spending the proceeds from the Fiscal 2022 stock offerings to support operations for the full year, whereas in Fiscal 2022 the proceeds
from the stock offerings were invested in marketable securities and also used to support operations for the second half of Fiscal 2022. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities totaled 1,215,325 during the year ended April 30, 2023, compared to net cash provided by financing
activities of 66,430,274 during the year ended April 30, 2022. Financing activities can vary from period to period depending upon market
conditions, both at a macro-level and specific to the Company. During the 2022 period, the Company received net proceeds of approximately
 70 million in connection with two offerings of common stock and made payments under debt obligations totaling 2,900,709. Debt payments
totaled 646,954 during the 2023 period. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
April 30, 2023, the Company reported current assets totaling 32,175,012, current liabilities totaling 4,760,616 and net working capital
of 27,414,396. Cash and marketable securities totaled 16,074,343 at April 30, 2023. Inventory related balances, including pre-paid
inventory, totaled 14,408,065. We continue to maintain higher-than-normal inventory balances related to the global supply chain issues,
including chip shortages, which continue to impact the timing of our purchase decisions. 

55 

Going
Concern 

The
Company has never been profitable, and its net losses have been increasing related to acquisitions, as well as costs incurred to pursue
its long-term growth strategy. During the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of 27,087,737 and used cash
in operating activities of 29,199,420. As of April 30, 2023, the Company has working capital of 27,414,396. While the Company has historically
been successful in raising capital to meet its working capital requirements, the ability to continue raising such capital to enable the
Company to continue its growth is not guaranteed. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern as the Company will require additional liquidity to continue its operations and meet its financial obligations for
twelve months from the date these consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company is evaluating strategies to obtain
the required funding and exploring opportunities to reduce expenses. 

If
the Company is unable to raise additional capital, there is a risk that the Company could default on its financial obligations and could
be required to discontinue or significantly reduce the scope of its operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or the amount and classification of liabilities
or any other adjustment that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

We
regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these
policies is included in the notes to our financial statements. In general, management's estimates are based on historical experience,
information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances.
Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Significant estimates reflected in these financial
statements include those used to (i) determine stock-based compensation, (ii) complete purchase price accounting for acquisitions, (iii)
accounting for derivatives, (iv) reserves and allowances related to accounts receivable and inventory, and (v) the evaluation of long
term assets, including goodwill, for impairment. 

56 

Goodwill
and Long-lived Assets Goodwill represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired in an acquisition that
are not individually identified and separately recognized. We test goodwill for impairment in accordance with the provisions of ASC
350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, ASC 350 ). Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at
the reporting unit level or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. ASC 350 provides that
an entity has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a
determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing
the totality of events or circumstances, an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit
is less than its carrying amount, then additional impairment testing is not required. However, if an entity concludes otherwise, then
it is required to perform an impairment test. The impairment test involves comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit with
its book value, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value exceeds book value, goodwill is considered not to be impaired. If, however,
the fair value of the reporting unit is less than book value, then an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the amount
that the book value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting
unit. 

The
estimate of fair value of a reporting unit is computed using either an income approach, a market approach, or a combination of both.
Under the income approach, we utilize the discounted cash flow method to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit. Significant assumptions
inherent in estimating the fair values include the estimated future cash flows, growth assumptions for future revenues (including gross
margin, operating expenses, and capital expenditures), and a rate used to discount estimated future cash flow projections to their present
value based on estimated weighted average cost of capital (i.e., the selected discount rate). Our assumptions our based on historical
data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions, estimated growth rates, and management s plans. Under the market
approach, fair value is derived from metrics of publicly traded companies or historically completed transactions of comparable businesses.
The selection of comparable businesses is based on the markets in which the reporting units operate and consider risk profiles, size,
geography, and diversity of products and services. 

Fair
Values, Inputs and Valuation Techniques for Financial Assets and Liabilities and Related Disclosures The fair value measurements
and disclosure guidance defines fair value and establishes a framework for measuring fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. In accordance with this guidance, the Company has categorized its recurring basis financial assets and liabilities
into a three-level fair value hierarchy based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation technique. 

The
fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and
the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair
value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has
been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company's assessment
of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific
to the asset or liability. 

57 

The
guidance establishes three levels of the fair value hierarchy as follows: 

Level
1 : Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date; 

 Level
2 : Inputs are observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices
for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and 

 Level
3 : Unobservable inputs that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities that are supported
by little or no market data. 

Financial
Instruments 

The
Company's financial instruments mainly consist of cash, receivables, current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and debt. The
carrying amounts of cash, receivables, current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and current debt approximates fair value due
to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Derivative
Liabilities 

The
Company has financial instruments that are considered derivatives or contain embedded features subject to derivative accounting. Embedded
derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument and are recognized as liabilities on the Company's balance sheet. The Company
measures these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognizes changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations
during the period of change. 

In
October 2020 and January 2021, the Company entered into convertible note agreements which included provisions under which the conversion
price was equal to the lesser of an initial stated amount or the conversion price of a future offering. This variable conversion feature
was recognized as a derivative. Both financings included the issuance of warrants which contained similar variable conversion features.
The Company values these convertible notes and warrants using the multinomial lattice method. The valuation is updated each reporting
date with the change in the liability reflected as a change in derivative liability in the statement of operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The
Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on
the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements
that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

58 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

RED
CAT HOLDINGS, INC. 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent
 Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance
 Sheets as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements
 of Operations for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors of
Red Cat Holdings 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Red Cat Holdings as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30,
2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

 Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matter 

 Critical audit matters are
matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there
are no critical audit matters. 

/S/

We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2020 

July
27, 2023 

F- 2 

RED
CAT HOLDINGS 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

April
 30, 
 April
 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets 

Cash 

Marketable
 securities 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory 

Other 

Due
 from related party 

Total
 current assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Other 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Total
 long term assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Debt
 obligations - short term 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Warrant
 derivative liability 

Customer
 deposits 

Due
 to related party 

Total
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Debt
 obligations - long term 

Total
 long term liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies 

Stockholders'
 equity 

Series
 B preferred stock - shares authorized ;
 outstanding 

Common stock - shares authorized
 ;
 outstanding and

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

Total
 stockholders' equity 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

See
 accompanying notes. 

F- 3 

RED
CAT HOLDINGS 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Year
 ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Cost
 of goods sold 

Gross
 margin 

Operating
 expenses 

Operations 

Research
 and development 

Sales
 and marketing 

General
 and administrative 

Stock
 based compensation 

Impairment
 loss 

Total
 operating expenses 

Operating
 loss 

Other
 (income) expense 

Change
 in fair value of derivative liability 

Investment
 income, net 

Interest
 expense 

Other,
 net 

Other
 (income) expense 

Net
 loss 

Loss
 per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding - basic
 and diluted 

See
 accompanying notes. 

F- 4 

RED
CAT HOLDINGS 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated
 Other 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 

Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Equity 
 
 Balances,
 April 30, 2021 

Conversion
 of preferred stock 

Exercise of warrants 

Acquisition of Skypersonic 

Acquisition of Teal 

Public offerings,
 net of 
 of issuance costs 

Stock based
 compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of
 restricted stock units, net of payroll tax withholding 

Shares issued
 for services 

Unrealized
 loss on marketable securities 

Currency translation
 adjustments 

Net Loss 

Balances,
 April 30, 2022 

Stock based
 compensation 

Issuance of
 restricted stock units, net of payroll tax withholding 

Shares issued
 for services 

Unrealized
 gain on marketable securities 

Currency translation
 adjustments 

Net Loss 

Balances,
 April 30, 2023 

See
 accompanying notes. 

F- 5 

RED
CAT HOLDINGS 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Year
 ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash
 Flows from Operating Activities 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash from operations: 

Stock
 based compensation 

Shares 

Options 

Common
 stock issued for services 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 

Realized
 loss from sale of marketable securities 

Depreciation 

Change
 in fair value of derivative 

Impairment
 loss 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventory 

Other 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets and liabilities 

Customer
 deposits 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash
 acquired through acquisitions 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Proceeds
 from sale of marketable securities 

Purchases
 of marketable securities 

SAFE
 Investment agreement 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash
 Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds
 from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds
 from related party obligations 

Payments
 under related party obligations 

Payments
 under debt obligations 

Payments
 of taxes related to equity awards 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock, net 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net
 (decrease) increase in Cash 

Cash,
 beginning of period 

Cash,
 end of period 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

Non-cash
 transactions 

Fair
 value of shares 

Issued
 in acquisitions 

Withheld
 as payment of note receivable 

Unrealized
 gain (loss) on marketable securities 

Forgiveness
 of PPP loan 

Elimination
 of derivative liability 

Financed
 purchases of property and equipment 

Indirect
 payment to related party 

Taxes
 related to net share settlement of equity awards 

Conversion
 of preferred stock into common stock 

See
 accompanying notes. 

F- 6 

RED
CAT HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 April
30, 2023 and 2022 

based
on (i) the issuance of 
shares of common stock with a value of on
the date of closing (ii) a senior secured promissory note in the original principal amount of ,
and (iii) a cash payment of . The Share Purchase Agreement included indemnification
provisions, a two year non-compete agreement, and registration rights for the shares issued in the transaction. 

A
summary of the purchase price and its related allocation was as follows: 

Cash 

Total Purchase
 Price 

Assets acquired 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other assets 

Inventory 

Brand name 

Proprietary technology 

Non-compete agreement 

Goodwill 

Total
 assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

Total fair value
 of net assets acquired 

Intangible
assets included proprietary technology and a non-compete agreement which are being amortized over 5 and 3 years, respectively. The carrying
value of brand name is not being amortized but is reviewed quarterly and formally evaluated at year end. The excess of the purchase price
above the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill which is reviewed quarterly and formally evaluated at year end. 

B. 
 Skypersonic
 Acquisition 

In
May 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Skypersonic, Inc. Skypersonic in exchange for 3,000,000 of our common stock. The number of shares issuable was based on the volume weighted average price VWAP of our common stock
for the 20 trading days ending May 7, 2021. Based on a VWAP of 4.0154, the Company issued 
shares. In addition, the
Company also agreed to issue 
shares of common stock to a shareholder. For accounting purposes, the shares
were valued at 
based on the closing price of our common stock of 
on May 7, 2021. Prior to the closing, the
Company provided 
to Skypersonic to fund its operating costs. This amount was capitalized as part of the purchase price.
In October 2021, the Company and Skypersonic agreed to a reduction in the purchase price of 
which resulted in the cancellation
of 
shares held in escrow. 

The
final summary of the purchase price and its related allocation is as follows: 

Total Purchase Price 

Assets acquired 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other assets 

Inventory 

Proprietary technology 

Non-compete agreement 

Goodwill 

Total
 assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed 

Accounts payable
 and accrued expenses 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

Total fair value
 of net assets acquired 

Intangible
assets included proprietary technology and a non-compete agreement which are being amortized over 5 and 3 years, respectively. The excess
of the purchase price above the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill which is reviewed quarterly and formally evaluated at year
end. 

C. 
 Teal
 Drones Acquisition 

On
August 31, 2021, the Company closed the acquisition of Teal Drones Inc., Teal ). Under the terms of the agreement, the
base purchase price of was reduced by of debt assumed by the Company, as well as a working capital deficit
adjustment of . Based on the net amount payable of , and a VWAP of 2.908 for the twenty trading days ending August
31, 2022, the Company issued
 of common stock. For accounting purposes, the shares were valued at based
on the closing price of our common stock of on August 31, 2021. In December 2021, the Company and Teal agreed to a reduction
in the purchase price of 
which resulted in the cancellation of shares held in escrow. 

The
final summary of the purchase price and its related allocation is as follows: 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Other assets 

Inventory 

Brand name 

Proprietary technology 

Goodwill 

Total
 assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Notes payable 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

Total fair value
 of net assets acquired 

Intangible
assets includes proprietary technology which is being amortized over 6 years. The carrying value of brand name is not being amortized
but is reviewed quarterly and formally evaluated at year end. The excess of the purchase price above the net assets acquired was recorded
as goodwill which is reviewed quarterly and formally evaluated at year end. 

Supplemental
Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information and Other Information 

There
is no pro forma financial information for the year ended April 30, 2023 because all acquisitions had closed prior to the beginning of
the reporting period. The following table presents pro forma results as if our acquisition of Teal had occurred on May 1, 2021: 

Net Loss 

The
acquisition of Skypersonic was completed on May 7, 2021 and its activities during the period from May 1, 2021 to May 7, 2021 were immaterial
to the consolidated pro forma results. 

The
unaudited pro forma financial information has been compiled in a manner consistent with the Company's accounting policies, and includes
transaction costs, amortization of the acquired intangible assets, and other expenses directly related to the acquisition of Teal. The
unaudited pro forma financial information is based on estimates and assumptions which the Company believes are reasonable but not necessarily
indicative of the results that would have been realized had the acquisition closed on the date indicated in the tables, nor are they
indicative of results of operations that may occur in the future. 

Other
information related to the Company s acquisitions include: 

The purchase
 price allocation has been finalized for each acquisition based on the report from the valuation services firm engaged to assist in
 the identification and valuation of intangible assets acquired .

The fair value of shares
 issued by the Company as part of the consideration paid is normally based on the volume weighted average price of the Company s
 common stock for the twenty days prior to the closing of the transaction. For accounting purposes, the shares issued are valued based
 on the closing stock price on the date that the transaction closes. 

Goodwill for Rotor Riot
 relates to its strong social media presence including more than 200,000 YouTube subscribers. Goodwill for Fat Shark is attributable
 to its relationship with manufacturing sources in China and the potential to integrate its goggle technologies with the Teal drone.
 Goodwill for Teal is ascribed to its existing relationship with several U.S. government agencies including its classification as
 an approved vendor. 

The Company expects that
 the Goodwill recognized in each transaction will be deductible for tax purposes. The Company has reported net losses since its inception
 and is presently unable to determine when and if the tax benefit of this deduction will be realized. 

The
guidance establishes three levels of the fair value hierarchy as follows: 

Level
1 : Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date; 

 Level
2 : Inputs are observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices
for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and 

 Level
3 : Unobservable inputs that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities that are supported
by little or no market data. 

Financial
Instruments 

The
Company's financial instruments mainly consist of cash, receivables, current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and debt. The
carrying amounts of cash, receivables, current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and current debt approximates fair value due
to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Derivative
Liabilities 

The
Company has financial instruments that are considered derivatives or contain embedded features subject to derivative accounting. Embedded
derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument and are recognized as liabilities on the Company's balance sheet. The Company
measures these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognizes changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations
during the period of change. 

In
October 2020 and January 2021, the Company entered into convertible note agreements which included provisions under which the conversion
price was equal to the lesser of an initial stated amount or the conversion price of a future offering. This variable conversion feature
was recognized as a derivative. Both financings included the issuance of warrants which contained similar variable conversion features.
The Company values these convertible notes and warrants using the multinomial lattice method. The valuation is updated each reporting
date with the change in the liability reflected as a change in derivative liability in the statement of operations. 

Stock options 

Warrants 

Restricted
 stock 

Total 

Liquidity
and Going Concern The Company has never been profitable and its net losses have been
increasing related to acquisitions, as well as costs incurred to pursue its long-term growth strategy. During the year ended April 30,
2023, the Company incurred a net loss of 27,087,737 and used cash in operating activities of 29,199,420 . As of April 30, 2023,
the Company has working capital of . While the Company has historically been successful in raising capital to meet its working
capital requirements, the ability to continue raising such capital to enable the Company to continue its growth is not guaranteed. Therefore,
there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as the Company will require additional liquidity
to continue its operations and meet its financial obligations for twelve months from the date these consolidated financial statements are issued.
The Company is evaluating strategies to obtain the required funding and exploring opportunities to reduce expenses. 

If
the Company is unable to raise additional capital, there is a risk that the Company could default on additional obligations; and could
be required to discontinue or significantly reduce the scope of its operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or the amount and classification of liabilities
or any other adjustment that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

, , and at April 30, 2023, respectively. Contractual maturities
of one year or less, one to three years and more than three years totaled , and , respectively. 

Work-in-process 

Finished
 goods 

Total 

Accrued interest income 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total 

of cash compensation
and of income associated with the vesting of restricted stock Stock Compensation ). In March 2022, the
Company entered into a note agreement (the Note with the employee in the amount of , representing the estimated
taxes owed by the employee related to the Stock Compensation. Under the terms of the Note, 
shares of common stock with
a fair value of , which had vested during calendar 2021, were withheld by the Company and applied against the Note. The
employee agreed not to sell or transfer shares of common stock held at the Company's transfer agent until the Note
was repaid. In addition, the employee has shares of restricted stock vesting monthly in calendar 2022, of which 
shares
were withheld with the fair value of those shares applied against the Note. Shares issued to the employee in 2022 were held
at the transfer agent until the Note was repaid. The Note matured on December 31, 2022. The Company filed amended payroll tax
returns on March 16, 2022. In March and April 2022, the Company made payments to the relevant tax authorities totaling representing
 
owed by the employee, 
owed by the Company, and 
of penalties and interest. The Note was repaid
in full in August 2022. 

F- 14 

Non-compete
 agreements 

Customer
 relationships 

Total
 finite-lived assets 

Brand name 

Trademark 

Total
 indefinite-lived assets 

Total
 intangible assets, net 

Proprietary
technology and non-compete agreements are being amortized over five to six years and three years, respectively. Customer relationships
are being amortized over seven years. Goodwill and Brand name are not amortized but evaluated for impairment on a quarterly basis. 

As
of April 30, 2023, expected amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets for the next
five years is as follows: 

2025 

202 6 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

Goodwill
represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired in an acquisition that are not individually identified
and separately recognized. The composition of, and changes in goodwill, consist of: 

November
 2020 
 Fat Shark 

May
 2021 
 Skypersonic 

August
 2021 
 Teal Drones 

Balance
 at April 30, 2022 

Impairment
 loss 
 Skypersonic 

Balance
 at April 30, 2023 

Following
the establishment of the Enterprise and Consumer segments, management evaluated the long term business strategy of each segment. This
resulted in the Enterprise segment narrowing its focus on the military and other government agencies. It was determined that Skypersonic's
technology would be re-focused for the near term on military applications and consolidated into the operations of Teal Drones. The Company
completes a formal evaluation of the carrying value of its intangible assets, including goodwill, at the end of each fiscal year. Based
on (i) the operating results for Skypersonic since its acquisition in May 2021, (i) its consolidation into Teal, (iii) our current expectations
of its future business conditions and trends, and (iv) our projected revenues, expenses, and cash flows related to Skypersonic, the Company
completed an assessment of the carrying amount of Skypersonic's goodwill and recognized an impairment charge of . 

F- 15 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Furniture
 and equipment 

Accumulated
 depreciation 

Net
 carrying value 

Depreciation
expense totaled and 
for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Security
 deposits 

Total 

In
November 2022, the Company entered into a SAFE (Simple Agreement for Future Equity) agreement with Firestorm Labs, Inc. Firestorm under which it made a payment to Firestorm in exchange for the right to certain shares of Firestorm stock. The SAFE permits
the Company to participate in a future equity financing of Firestorm by converting the 
into shares of Preferred Stock of Firestorm.
If there is a change in control of Firestorm or a public offering of shares of its stock, then the Company shall have the right to receive
cash payments, or shares of stock, whichever has greater value. The Company s investment in the SAFE agreement has been recorded
on the cost method of accounting. The Company plans to evaluate the investment for any indications of impairment in value on a quarterly
basis. No factors indicative of impairment were identified during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

for the year ended April 30, 2023, including period cost for short-term, cancelable,
and variable leases, not included in lease liabilities, of for the year ended April 30, 2023. 

Leases
on which the Company made rent payments during the reporting period included: 

December 2024 
 
 Orlando, Florida 
 
 January 2025 
 
 San Juan, Puerto Rico 
 
 June 2027 
 
 Troy, Michigan 
 
 May 2022 

Supplemental
information related to operating leases for the year ended April 30, 2023 was: 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

Future
lease payments at April 30, 2023 were as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

(the Loan ), representing the outstanding principal
amount previously due and owing by Teal to DA4. Interest on the Loan accrues at a rate of ten percent per annum. Principal and
interest is payable in monthly installments of until maturity on December 31, 2024. The balance outstanding at April 30,
2023 totaled . 

B. 
 Pelion
 Note 
 
 In
May 2021, Teal entered into a note agreement totaling 
which
is payable upon demand. The Note bears interest at the applicable Federal Rate as of the date of the Note which was 
on the date of issuance. Accrued interest totaled 
at April 30, 2023. 

C. 
 Vendor
 Settlement 
 
 In
connection with the acquisition of Teal on August 31, 2021, the Company assumed an obligation with a contract manufacturing firm. The
assumed balance of 
was repaid in monthly installments of 
through July 2022. 

D. 
 SBA
 Loan 
 
 In
February 2021, Teal received a Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program SBA PPP loan in the amount of
 . The loan was unsecured, non-recourse, and accrued interest at one percent annually. The loan was used to fund qualifying payroll,
rent and utilities. In February 2022, the principal balance of and accrued interest of were forgiven. 

E. 
 Shopify
 Capital 
 
 Shopify
Capital is an affiliate of Shopify, Inc. which provides sales software and services to the Company. The Company processes customer transactions
ordered on the e-commerce site for Rotor Riot through Shopify. Shopify Capital has entered into multiple agreements with the Company
in which it has purchased receivables at a discount. Shopify retains a portion of the Company's daily receipts until the
purchased receivables have been paid. The Company recognizes the discount as a transaction fee, in full, in the month in which the agreement
is executed. Agreements with activity during the two years ended April 30, 2023 included: 

May 2021 
 
 April
 2021 

January 2022 

F. 
 Corporate
 Equity 
 
 Beginning
in October 2021, and amended in January 2022, Teal financed a total of of leasehold improvements with Corporate Equity.
The loan bears interest at annually and requires monthly payments of through December 2024. The balance outstanding
at April 30, 2023 totaled . 

G. 
 Revenue
 Financing Arrangement 
 
 In
April 2021, Teal entered into an agreement under which it sold future customer payments, at a discount, to Forward Financing. At August
31, 2021, the Company assumed the outstanding balance of .
Repayment of the remaining balance was completed in January 2022. 

H. 
 Ascentium
 Capital 
 
 In
September 2021, Teal entered into a financing agreement with Ascentium Capital to fund the purchase of a fixed asset totaling .
Monthly payments of are payable through October 2024. The balance outstanding at April 30, 2023 totaled . 

I. 
 PayPal

PayPal
is an electronic commerce company that facilitates payments between parties through online funds transfers. The Company processes certain
customer payments ordered on its e-commerce site through PayPal. The Company has entered into multiple agreements under which PayPal
provides an advance on customer payments, and then retains a portion of customer payments until the advance is repaid. PayPal charges
a fee which the Company recognizes in full upon entering an agreement. A November 2019 agreement under which PayPal advanced and
charged a transaction fee of 6,900 was completed in January 2021. A January 2021 agreement under which PayPal advanced and
charged a transaction fee of 
was completed in August 2021. 

J. 
 Summary

Outstanding
principal payments are due as follows: 

Total 

Short term through April 30, 2024 

Long term thereafter 

to the
seller. The note accrued interest at annually and matured in full in November 2023. In May 2021, the Company made an initial
payment of by directing a refund from a vendor based in China to the noteholder who is also based in China. The remaining
balance of plus accrued interest totaling 
was paid in September 2021. 

B. 
 BRIT,
 LLC 

In
January 2020, in connection with the acquisition of Rotor Riot, the Company issued a promissory note for to the seller,
BRIT, LLC. The note accrued interest at 
annually. In October 2021, the outstanding balance of plus accrued interest
totaling was paid. 

The
Company also assumed a line of credit obligation totaling which incurred interest at annually. The remaining
balance of plus accrued interest totaling was paid in October 2022. 

C. 
 Aerocarve 

In
2020, the Company received advances totaling 
from Aerocarve which is controlled by the Company's Chief Executive Officer.
The parties agreed that the funds would bear interest at
 annually until repaid. The balance was repaid in full in May 2021. 

F- 18 

and ,
respectively, calculated using the base Puerto Rico corporate tax rate of 18.5 . Currently, we focus on projected future taxable
income in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that these deferred assets will be realized. Based on the fact that we have not
generated an operating profit since inception, we have applied a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets at April 30,
2023 and 2022. 

Conversion
 of Series A preferred stock 

Conversion
 of Series B preferred stock 

Exercise of warrants 

Acquisition
 of Skypersonic on May 7, 2021, see Note 1 

Acquisition
 of Teal Drones on August 31, 2021, see Note 1 

Public
 offerings which generated gross proceeds of 76 million and net proceeds of approximately 70.1 million 

Exercise of stock options 

Vesting
 of restricted stock to employees, net of 225,869 shares withheld to pay taxes and 92,812 to repay a Note 

Vesting
 of restricted stock to Board of Directors 

Vesting
 of restricted stock to consultants 

Shares
 issued for services 

Shares outstanding as of April 30, 2022 

Vesting
 of restricted stock to employees, net of shares withheld of 273,874 to pay taxes and 9,000 to repay a Note 

Vesting
 of restricted stock to Board of Directors 

Vesting
 of restricted stock to consultants 

Shares
 issued for services 

Shares outstanding as
 of April 30, 2023 

F- 19 

at April 30, 2021, and were converted into shares of common stock on August 10,
2021. 

Series
B Preferred Stock Series B Stock is convertible into common stock at a ratio of 0.8334 shares of common stock for each
share of Series B Stock held and votes together with the common stock on an as-if-converted basis. Shares outstanding at April 30, 2023
totaled which are convertible into 
shares of common stock. 

which may be reduced to a 25 
discount of the price per share of Common Stock offered in a future qualified offering. The
warrants were valued using the multinominal lattice model and are considered derivative liabilities under ASC 815-40. The value of
the warrants was included in the determination of the initial accounting for each financing including the calculation of the
derivative liability and related expense. 

A
summary of the warrants issued and their fair values were: 

Upon
 Issuance 
 Outstanding
 at April 30, 2023 
 
 Date
 of Transaction 
 Number
 of Warrants 
 Initial
 Fair Value 
 Number
 of Warrants 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 October
 2020 
 399,998 
 267,999 
 266,666 
 184,008 
 
 January
 2021 
 675,000 
 2,870,666 
 540,000 
 404,197 

In
March and April 2021, we received 
 related to the exercise of 
 of the warrants. Since these exercises resulted
in the elimination of the derivative liability in the warrants, the derivative liability was reduced by 
 with a corresponding
increase in additional paid in capital. In June 2021, we received in connection with the exercise of warrants
which resulted in the elimination of of the derivative liability in the warrants. 

In
May 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock to the placement agent of its common stock
offering. The warrants have a five-year term and an exercise price of . 

In
July 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase 
 shares of common stock to the placement agent of its common stock
offering. The warrants have a five-year term and an exercise price of . 

The
following table presents the range of assumptions used to estimate the fair values of warrants granted
during the year ended April 30: 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

The
following table summarizes the changes in warrants outstanding since April 30, 2021. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding as of April 30, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Outstanding at April 30, 2023 

. 

A. Options 

The
range of assumptions used to calculate the fair value of options granted during the year ended April 30 was: 

Stock price on date of grant 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

A
summary of options activity under the Plan since April 30, 2021 is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited
 or expired 

() 

Outstanding as of April
 30, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited
 or expired 

() 

Outstanding as of April
 30, 2023 

Exercisable as of April
 30, 2023 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options represents the excess of the stock price at the indicated date over the exercise price
of each option. As of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, there was and of unrecognized stock-based compensation
expense related to unvested stock options which is expected to be recognized over the weighted average periods of 1.94 and 2.20 years,
respectively. 

B. Restricted
 Stock 

A
summary of restricted stock activity under the Plan since April 30, 2021 was: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested and outstanding as of April 30, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 

As of April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, there was
 
 and of
unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units which is expected to be recognized over the
weighted average periods of 
 and 
 years, respectively. 

C. Stock
 Compensation 

Stock
compensation expense by functional category was: 

Research and development 

Operations 

Sales
 and marketing 

Total 

Stock
compensation expense pertaining to options totaled and
 for the year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Stock compensation expense pertaining to restricted stock totaled and for the year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

As
of April 30, 2023, all of the notes had been converted into common stock and 806,666 of the warrants were outstanding. Changes in the
derivative liability during the year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 were as follows: 

Additions 

Eliminated upon conversion
 of notes/exercise of warrants 

Changes
 in fair value 

Balance, end of period 

Changes in fair value primarily relate to changes in the Company s stock price during the
period, with increases in the stock price increasing the liability and decreases in the stock price reducing the liability. 

. In addition, the
Company issued 
 options to purchase common stock at 
 which vested quarterly over the one-year term of the
agreement. In January 2022, the agreement was amended to increase the monthly payments to . The agreement expired in June 2022. 

In
January 2022, the Company entered into a note agreement with an employee in the principal amount of 510,323, as further described in
Note 6. 

Additional
related party transactions are disclosed in Note 12. 

Our
CODM allocates resources to and assesses the performance of our two operating segments based on the operating segments net sales
and gross profit. The following table sets forth information by reportable segment for the year ended April 30, 2023. 

Cost
 of goods sold 

Gross
 margin 

Operating
 expenses 

Operating
 loss 

Other
 expenses, net 

Net
 loss 

The
following table sets forth specific asset categories which are reviewed by our CODM in the evaluation of operating segments: 

As
 of April 30, 2023 

Enterprise 
 Consumer 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 
 Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory,
 net 

Inventory
 deposits 

F- 24 

F- 25 

PART
III 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There
were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our management, with the participation of our CEO
and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Exchange Act, as of April 30, 2023. 

The term disclosure controls and procedures 
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) means controls and other procedures of the Company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in reports, such as this report, that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives,
and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Based on that evaluation,
our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of April 30, 2023. 

Management's annual report on internal control
over financial reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance
with GAAP. Our accounting policies and internal controls over financial reporting, established and maintained by management, are under
the general oversight of the Board s audit committee. 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed our internal control over financial
reporting as of April 30, 2023. The standard measures adopted by management in making its evaluation are the measures in the Internal-Control
Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

84 

Based on management s
assessment using the COSO criteria, our CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023
was effective. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting
Firm. 

Because the Company is a non-accelerated filer, this
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
SEC where registrants that are non-accelerated filers are not required to provide the auditor attestation report. 

Changes In Controls Over Financial Reporting. 

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended
April 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information regarding our current directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Jeffrey
 M. Thompson 
 
 59 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Allan
 Evans 
 
 39 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 

Joseph
 Hernon 
 
 63 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

Joseph
 Freedman 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Nicholas
 Liuzza, Jr. 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Christopher
 Moe 
 
 67 
 
 Director 

Biographies 

Jeffrey
M. Thompson, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Jeffrey
Thompson has been President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 15, 2019. In December 1999, Mr. Thompson founded Towerstream
Corporation (Nasdaq:TWER), a fixed-wireless fiber alternative company delivering high-speed internet access to businesses, and served
as its president, chief executive officer and a director from November 2005 to February 2016. In 1994, Mr. Thompson founded EdgeNet Inc.,
a privately held Internet service provider (which was sold to Citadel Broadcasting Corporation in 1997) and became eFortress through
1999. Mr. Thompson holds a B.S. degree from the University of Massachusetts. 

Mr.
Thompson s management and public company experience and his role as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, led to
his appointment as a director. 

85 

Dr.
Allan Evans, Chief Operating Officer 

Dr.
Allan Evans is a serial entrepreneur with a history of founding and leading technology innovation. He has extensive experience in overseeing
different emerging technologies. Prior to becoming Chief Operating Officer of the Company, Dr. Evans was the Chief Executive Officer
of our subsidiary, Fat Shark. From August 2017 to October 2020, Dr. Evans served as a board member for Ballast Technologies, a company
that specialized in technology for location-based entertainment. In November 2012, he co-founded Avegant, a technology company focused
on developing next-generation display technology to enable previously impossible augmented reality experiences. He led design, development,
and initial production of the Glyph head mounted display and oversaw technology research and patent strategy while serving as Chief Technology
Officer of Avegant until 2016. Dr. Evans received a PhD and M.S. degree in electrical engineering from the University of Michigan and
has a B.S. degree from Michigan State University. Dr. Evans has 45 pending or issued patents that cover a range of technologies from
implantable medical devices to mixed reality headsets. Academically, his work has an h-index of 15, an i-index of 27, and has been cited
in more than 900 publications. He has extensive experience with new technologies, engineering, business development, and corporate strategy,
and his expertise in these areas strengthens the company s collective knowledge and capabilities. 

Joseph
Hernon , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Joseph
Hernon has been Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company since January 23, 2020. Mr. Hernon has extensive experience as a
Chief Financial Officer over the course of his 35-year career. Mr. Hernon was a financial consultant to various private companies from
May 2016 until January 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Hernon was the Chief Financial Officer for three public companies including most recently,
Towerstream Corporation from May 2008 through May 2016. Previously, Mr. Hernon was employed for almost 10 years by PricewaterhouseCoopers
in its audit practice and was a Senior Business Assurance Manager during his last five years with the firm. Mr. Hernon is a certified
public accountant, but not presently licensed to practice, and earned a Master s degree in Accountancy from Bentley University
in 1986. 

Joseph
Freedman , Director 

Joe Freedman is an entrepreneur with experience
in launching, growing, and successfully exiting businesses in executive search, title insurance, legal services, and hospitality. His
entrepreneurial journey includes turnarounds, mergers & acquisitions, as well as winding down and liquidating the assets of an unprofitable
business. Prior to selling three businesses to NYSE-listed, private equity, and privately held companies, he successfully built them into
industry market leaders. Five companies led by Mr. Freedman were listed on the Inc. 500/5000 a total of 15 times, with one ranking in
the top 100. 

In 2006, Mr. Freedman co-founded Peachtree Tents
& Events Holdings, LLC, where he served as chief executive officer until 2021 and currently serves on the board. Previously, he co-founded
and served as chief executive officer of RFx Legal, LLC, Richmond Title, LLC, and AMICUS Legal Staffing, Inc. until their acquisitions. 

In addition to his entrepreneurial pursuits,
Mr. Freedman actively participates in various civic boards, including the Entrepreneurs Organization (Nashville Chapter), where
he has held multiple board positions, including that of president. Currently, he holds the position of Governance Chair. In 2022, Mr.
Freedman established the nonprofit organization, Drones For Good Worldwide, driven by his passion for making a positive impact. The organization
focuses on providing drones to support humanitarian efforts during disasters worldwide. 

Mr. Freedman holds a B.S. degree in Finance
from Louisiana State University and a Juris Doctorate from Northwestern California University School of Law. His experience in recruiting,
business, and finance has provided the foundation for his appointment to the Board of the Company. 

86 

Nicholas
Liuzza Jr . , Director 

Nicholas
Liuzza Jr. has been a director of the Company since June 1, 2019. Mr. Liuzza co-founded Beeline Loans, a Digital Mortgage Lender in 2019.
Previously, Mr Liuzza founded Linear Title & Closing, Ltd, a highly automated, and one of the largest, private national title agencies
in the U.S in 2005. In 2012, he founded Nexgen Mortgage Services. Both companies merged with Real Matters and went public on the Toronto
Stock Exchange (TSX) in 2018 at a 1 billion valuation. Nick served as Executive Vice President of Real Matters, Inc. and exited in 2020
to work for Beeline Loans. Mr. Liuzza founded New Age Nurses, a healthcare staffing company which he grew into a national provider of
healthcare personnel services which became the platform for a reverse merger which listed on the OTC upon its acquisition in 2003 by
Crdentia. Prior thereto, Mr. Liuzza was Executive Vice President of AMICUS Legal Staffing, a national staffing services provider with
a specialization in real estate transactions. Mr. Liuzza started his career with Xerox Corporation in 1988. Mr. Liuzza s more than
20 years of experience as an entrepreneur in the software industry and his sales and software development experience led to his appointment
as a director. 

Christopher
R. Moe , Director 

Christopher
R. Moe serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Director of Yates Electrospace Corporation, a heavy payload autonomous
cargo delivery drone developer and producer. Earlier he was the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and co-Founder
of ProBrass Inc., a rifle brass cartridge case manufacturing company. Previously he was the Chief Financial Officer
of Vectrix Holdings Limited, a subsidiary of GP Industries Ltd (G20:SGX), an international developer and manufacturer of electric
motorcycles and Chief Financial Officer and Director of Mission Motor Company, a company focused on advanced EV and hybrid
powertrains for automobile and power sports applications. Earlier he served as the Chief Financial Officer & Director of
Vectrix Corporation (LSE:VRX), Managing Director of GH Ventures, Managing Director of Kirkland Investment Corporation, Chief Executive
Officer of St. Louis Ship Industries, Vice President of Wasserstein, Perella & Co. s merchant banking fund and Vice President/Area
Head with Citicorp s Leveraged Capital Group. He served as a Captain of United States Marines and deployed with
artillery and infantry units twice to the Western Pacific and Indian Ocean. He is the Treasurer
of The Pennfield School and the former Treasurer of the Zabriskie Memorial Church of Saint John the Evangelist. He holds a
BA degree in English from Brown University and an MBA from the Harvard Business School. 

Mr.
Moe s experience in operational finance, and with venture capital, private equity, M&A, and corporate finance transactions,
both as agent and principal, with a focus on transportation, provide the basis upon which the Company appointed him to the
Board. 

Composition
of our Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors currently consists of four members. Our directors hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified
or until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive
officers. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Audit
Committee 

The Audit Committee is composed
of three independent directors: Christopher Moe, Nicholas Liuzza, and Joseph Freedman. Each member of the Audit Committee is an independent
director as defined by the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq. The Audit Committee has the sole authority and responsibility to select, evaluate
and engage independent auditors for the Company. The Audit Committee reviews with the auditors and with the Company s financial
management all matters relating to the annual audit of the Company. 

The
Audit Committee monitors the integrity of our financial statements, monitors the independent registered public accounting firm s
qualifications and independence, monitors the performance of our internal audit function and the auditors, and monitors our compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements. The Audit Committee also meets with our auditors to review the results of their audit and review
of our annual and interim financial statements. 

The
Audit Committee meets at least on a quarterly basis to discuss with management the annual audited financial statements and quarterly
financial statements and meets from time to time to discuss general corporate matters. 

87 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
Board determined that Christopher Moe is qualified as an Audit Committee Financial Expert, as that term is defined by the rules of the
SEC, in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Compensation
Committee 

The Compensation Committee,
which currently consists of Nicholas Liuzza, Christopher Moe and Joseph Freedman each of whom are independent directors. Among other
things, the Compensation Committee reviews, recommends, and approves salaries and other compensation of the Company s executive
officers, and administers the Company s equity incentive plans (including reviewing, recommending and approving stock option and
other equity incentive grants to executive officers). The Compensation Committee meets in executive session to determine the compensation
of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In determining the amount, form, and terms of such compensation, the Committee considers
the annual performance evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer conducted by the Board in light of company goals and objectives relevant
to Chief Executive Officer compensation, competitive market data pertaining to Chief Executive Officer compensation at comparable companies,
and such other factors as it deems relevant. The Compensation Committee is guided by, and seeks to promote, the best interests of the
Company and its shareholders. 

In
addition, subject to existing agreements, the Compensation Committee determines the salaries, bonuses, and other matters relating to
compensation of the executive officers of the Company using similar parameters. It sets performance targets for determining periodic
bonuses payable to executive officers. It also reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding executive and employee compensation,
as well as benefit plans and programs, including employee bonus and retirement plans and programs (except to the extent specifically
delegated to a Board appointed committee with authority to administer a particular plan). In addition, the Compensation Committee approves
the compensation of non-employee directors and reports it to the full Board. 

The
Compensation Committee also reviews and makes recommendations with respect to stockholder proposals related to compensation matters.
The committee administers the Company s equity incentive plans, including the review and grant of stock options and other equity
incentive grants to executive officers, as well as other employees and consultants. 

The
Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion and at the Company s cost, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser. The Compensation Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of
the work of any compensation consultant, legal counsel and other adviser retained by the committee. 

Governance
and Nominating Committee 

The Governance and Nominating
Committee, consists of Joseph Freedman, Nicholas Liuzza, and Christopher Moe each of whom meets the independence requirements of all
other applicable laws, rules and regulations governing director independence, as determined by the Board. 

The
Governance and Nominating Committee (i) identifies individuals qualified to become members of the Board, consistent with criteria approved
by the Board, (ii) recommends to the Board the director nominees for the next annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting of stockholders
at which directors are to be elected, (iii) recommends to the Board candidates to fill any vacancies on the Board, (iv) develops, recommends
to the Board, and reviews the corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company, and (v) oversees the evaluation of the Board
and management. 

In
recommending director nominees for the next annual meeting of stockholders, the Governance and Nominating Committee ensures the Company
complies with its contractual obligations, if any, governing the nomination of directors. It considers and recruits candidates to fill
positions on the Board, including as a result of the removal, resignation or retirement of any director, an increase in the size of the
Board or otherwise. The Committee conducts, subject to applicable law, any and all inquiries into the background and qualifications of
any candidate for the Board and such candidate s compliance with the independence and other qualification requirements established
by the Committee. The Committee also recommends candidates to fill positions on committees of the Board. 

88 

In
selecting and recommending candidates for election to the Board or appointment to any committee of the Board, the Committee does not
believe that it is appropriate to select nominees through mechanical application of specified criteria. Rather, the Committee shall consider
such factors at it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, the following (i) personal and professional integrity, ethics and
values, (ii) experience in corporate management, such as serving as an officer or former officer of a publicly-held company (iii) experience
in the Company s industry, (iv) experience as a board member of another publicly-held company, (v) diversity of expertise and experience
in substantive matters pertaining to the Company s business relative to other directors of the Company, (vi) practical and mature
business judgment, (vii) and composition of the Board (including its size and structure). 

The
Committee develops and recommends to the Board a policy regarding the consideration of director candidates recommended by the Company s
stockholders and procedures for submission by stockholders of director nominee recommendations. 

In
appropriate circumstances, the Committee, in its discretion, will consider and may recommend the removal of a director, in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws. If the Company is subject to a binding
obligation that requires director removal structure inconsistent with the foregoing, then the removal of a director shall be governed
by such instrument. 

The
Committee oversees the evaluation of the Board and management. It also develops and recommends to the Board a set of corporate governance
guidelines applicable to the Company, which the Committee shall periodically review and revise as appropriate. In discharging its oversight
role, the Committee is empowered to investigate any matter brought to its attention. 

Special Committee 

In September 2022, the Red
Cat Board of Directors established a Special Committee SC with a mandate to oversee and manage the negotiation, structure,
and terms of the anticipated UMAC transaction. Additionally, the committee is tasked with providing essential support for this transaction
and managing any other matters that may be assigned to them by the board. Joe Freedman and Chris Moe were chosen as Co-Chairs of the committee
and were authorized to receive a payment of 15,000 each for their time. 

Upon the execution or termination
of the UMAC transaction and the satisfactory resolution of all other assigned matters, the Special Committee will have fulfilled its purpose
and will be dissolved. 

Board
Diversity 

While
we do not have a formal policy on diversity, the Board considers diversity to include the skill set, background, reputation, type and
length of business experience of the Board members as well as a particular nominee s contributions to that mix. The Board believes
that diversity brings a variety of ideas, judgments and considerations that benefit the Company and its stockholders. Although there
are many other factors, the Board seeks individuals with experience in operating and growing businesses 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Jeffrey
Thompson serves as the Chairman of the Board and actively interfaces with management, the Board and counsel regularly. 

Board
Risk Oversight 

The
Company s risk management function is overseen by the Board. The Company s management keeps the Board apprised of material
risks and provides the directors with access to all information necessary for them to understand and evaluate how these risks interrelate,
how they affect us, and how management addresses those risks. Jeffrey Thompson, Chairman of the Board, works closely together with the
other members of the Board when material risks are identified on how to best address such risks. If the identified risk poses an actual
or potential conflict with management, the Company s independent directors may conduct the assessment. Presently, the primary risk
affecting us is that we have never been profitable and we have limited financial resources to support our operations. 

89 

Family
Relationships 

 There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

 Involvement
in Legal Proceedings 

 We
are not aware of any of our directors or officers being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters
in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings (other than traffic and other minor offenses) or being subject to any of the items set
forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics that applies to all of the Company s
employees, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Although not required, the Code of Ethics
also applies to the Company s directors and its Chief Operating Officer. The Code of Ethics provides written standards that we
believe are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct, including (i) the ethical handling of actual
or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure and compliance with laws, rules and regulations, (iii) the prompt reporting of illegal or unethical behavior, and (iv) accountability
for adherence to the Code of Ethics. 

Director Compensation
Table 

The
following table presents the total compensation for each person who served as a non-employee director during Fiscal 2023. Mr.
Thompson is not included in the table below, as he is employed as our Chief Executive Officer and receives no compensation for his service
as director. The compensation received by Mr. Thompson as an employee is included in the Executive Compensation Summary
Compensation Table. 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock
 Awards(1) 
 Options
 Awards(2) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 Total 
 
 Joseph Freedman 
 56,983 
 64,652 

121,635 
 
 Nicholas Liuzza 
 46,485 
 58,437 

104,922 
 
 Jonathan Read (3) 
 21,220 
 14,999 

36,219 
 
 Christopher Moe 
 48,770 
 64,652 

113,422 
 
 Mary Beth Long (4) 
 18,554 
 25,589 

44,143 

(1) 
 We
 value stock awards based on their fair value on the date that awards vest. Fair value is calculated by multiplying the number of
 awards vesting times the Company s closing stock price on the date of vesting. 

(2) 
 We
 value option awards in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. Fair value
 is determined based on the Black-Scholes Model using inputs reflecting our estimates of expected volatility, term, discount rates
 and dividend expectations. Compensation expense is recognized based on the vesting terms of the award. 

(3) 
 Mr.
Read resigned on November 14, 2022. 

(4) 
 Ms.
Long was appointed on November 14, 2022 and resigned July 25, 2023. 

90 

Non-Employee
Director Compensation Arrangements 

In
April 2022, the Board of Directors established a formal compensation plan for Non-Employee Directors. Under the plan, Non-Employee Directors
shall receive annual compensation of 100,000 consisting of: 

40,000
 in cash compensation, payable in monthly installments beginning May 1, 2022 

60,000
 in equity compensation, payable in the form of shares of restricted common stock to be issued
 on May 1 annually, with 25 of the shares vesting immediately and the remaining 75 vesting
 in 24 monthly 
 installments
 beginning on June 1 

In
addition, the Chairman of each Committee of the Board shall receive additional annual cash compensation, payable in monthly installments,
as follows: 

10,000
 - Audit Committee 

6,000
 - Compensation Committee 

5,000
 - Nominating and Governance Committee 

In
addition, in November 2022, the Board of Directors established Lead Director compensation of 22,500 annually, payable monthly as well
as a one-time payment of 15,000 to each member of the Special Committee, payable in the form of fully vested restricted common stock.
This resulted in total compensation to each Non-Employee Director for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 as follows: 

121,635
 to Joseph Freedman, consisting of 40,000 for board service, 733 as Chairman of the Compensation Committee, 5,000 as Chairman of
 the Nominating and Governance Committee, 11,250 as Lead Director, and 64,652 representing the fair value of the 30,353 shares which
 vested in the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

104,922
 to Nicholas Liuzza, consisting of 40,000 for board service, 1,218 as Chairman of the Audit Committee. 5,267 as Chairman of the
 Compensation Committee and 58,437 representing the fair value of the 27,435 shares which vested in the fiscal year ended April 30,
 2023. 

36,219
 to Jonathan Read, consisting of 21,220 for board service and 14,999 representing the fair value of the 7,042 shares which vested
 in the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

113,422
 to Christopher Moe consisting of 40,000 for board service, 8,770 as Chairman of the Audit Committee and 64,652 representing the
 fair value of the 30,353 shares which vested in the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

44,143
 to Mary Beth Long, consisting of 18,554 for board service and 25,589 representing the fair value of the 21,324 shares which vested
 in the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

In May 2023, the Board of Directors established Board
compensation for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024. Base compensation was established at 105,000, consisting of 45,000
in cash and 60,000 in restricted stock awards. In addition, Leadership compensation, payable in cash, was established at 25,000
for Joe Freedman, 20,000 for Christopher Moe, 10,000 for Nick Liuzza, and 10,000 for Mary Beth Long. Finally, Committee compensation,
payable in restricted stock awards, was established at 30,000 for each of Joe Freedman and Chris Moe. Total compensation for fiscal
2024 was established at 160,000 for Joe Freedman, 155,000 for Chris Moe, 115,000 for Nick Liuzza, and 115,000 for Mary Beth Long. 
The number of shares of restricted stock to be awarded shall be based on the 1.06 closing price on May 15, 2026, the date these
actions were approved. Cash payments shall be made monthly in arrears and the restricted stock awards shall vest as follows:
(i) 25 on May 15, 2023, (ii) the remainder vests ratably over 24 monthly installments commencing June 1, 2023. 

91 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each Officer with
compensation exceeding 100,000 during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 (each a Named Executive Officer ). 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Option
 Awards 
 All
 Other Compensation (3) 
 Total 
 
 Jeffrey
 Thompson 
 2023 
 300,000 
 165,345 
 
 347,582 
 812,927 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer and President 
 2022 
 255,333 
 153,600 

408,933 

Joseph Hernon
 (1) 
 2023 
 230,000 
 126,304 
 
 451,988 
 808,292 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer and Secretary 
 2022 
 191,500 
 128,000 
 
 185,400 
 504,900 

Allan Evans
 (2) 
 2023 
 230,000 
 126,904 
 
 651,872 
 1,008,776 
 
 Chief Operating
 Officer 
 2022 
 181,918 
 136,000 
 
 875,341 
 1,193,259 

(1) 
 Joseph Hernon
 joined the Company in January 2020 

(2) 
 Allan Evans
 joined the Company in November 2020 

(3) 
 Represents
 the fair value of restricted stock upon its vesting as follows: (i) Thompson 153,120 shares in fiscal 2023; (ii) Hernon 
 231,360 shares in fiscal 2023 and 75,000 shares in fiscal 2022; and (iii) Evans 401,702 shares in fiscal 2023 and 369,318
 shares in fiscal 2022. 

Potential Payments and Benefits Upon Termination
or a Change in Control 

Our named executive officers
are entitled to certain benefits in the event their employment is terminated without cause by the Company or for good reason by the Executive,
as described in the Employment Agreements. The following table describes the potential payments and benefits to each of our named executive
officers, as if these obligations were payable on April 30, 2023. The actual amounts payable to each executive listed below upon termination
can only be determined definitively at the time of each executive s actual departure. In addition to the amounts shown in the table
below, each executive would receive payments for amounts of base salary and vacation time accrued through the date of termination and
payment for any reimbursable business expenses incurred. In the event of a named executive officer s death, the named executive
officer s beneficiary, legal representative or estate would receive the named executive officer s potential payments. 

Potential Payments and Benefits 
 
 Jeffrey Thompson 
 
 Joseph Hernon 
 
 Allan Evans 

Base Salary (1) 

600,000 

230,000 

230,000 

Healthcare Benefits (2) 

32,261 

6,745 

12,798 

Equity Awards Vesting on Termination (3) 

159,300 

Total 

632,261 

396,045 

242,798 

(1) Represents
the named executive officer s base salary payable over twenty-four (24) months for Thompson and twelve (12) months for Hernon and
Evans. 

 (2) Represents
the cost of continued healthcare coverage for 18 months for Thompson and 12 months for Hernon and Evans. This value is based upon the
type of health insurance coverage and premiums in effect on April 30, 2023. 

 (3) Represents
the value attributable to the accelerated vesting of unvested shares of restricted stock and stock options. The value of accelerated options
is determined by multiplying the number of options accelerated by the difference between the closing price of our common stock and the
exercise price of the options. The value of accelerated stock is determined by multiplying the number of shares accelerated by the closing
price of our common stock on April 30, 2023 which was 0.885. 

92 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table lists, as of July 24, 2023, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person, entity or group
(as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of
more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each of our directors; (iii) each of our Named Executive Officers; and (iv) all executive
officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal stockholders and management
is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under
these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person directly or indirectly has or shares voting power,
which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct
the disposition of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right
to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the
same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary interest.
Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned and each stockholder's
address is c/o Red Cat Holdings, Inc., 15 Ave. Munoz Rivera, STE 2200, San Juan, PR 00901. 

The
percentages below are calculated based on 55,541,173 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of July 24, 2023. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Percentage
 of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Named
 Executive Officers and Directors: 

Jeffrey
 Thompson 

12,792,057 
 (1) 

22.83 

Joseph
 Hernon 

1,354,847 
 (2) 

2.40 

Allan
 Evans 

1,337,734 
 (3) 

2.41 

Nicholas
 Liuzza 

1,411,353 
 (4) 

2.52 

Joseph
 Freedman 

447,955 
 (5) 

0.80 

Christopher
 Moe 

77,450 
 (6) 

0.14 

Mary
 Beth Long (resigned July 25, 2023) 

53,581 
 (7) 

0.10 

All
 executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons) 

17,474,977 

31.20 

Other
 5 Holders 

Gregory
 French 

4,815,533 

8.67 

(1)
Includes 12,292,057 shares of common stock, and 500,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options. 

 (2)
Represents 331,882 shares of common stock, 1,000,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options, and 22,965 shares of restricted stock
vesting in the next 60 days. 

 (3)
Represents 1,337,734 shares of common stock. 

 (4)
Consists of 967,826 shares of common stock, 335,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants, 100,000 shares issuable upon the exercise
of options, and 8,527 shares of restricted stock vesting in the next 60 days. 

 (5)
Includes 190,301 shares of common stock, 250,00 shares issuable upon the exercise of options, and 7,654 shares of restricted stock vesting
in the next 60 days. 

 (6)
Includes 69,796 shares of common stock, and 7,654 shares of restricted stock vesting in the next 60 days. 

 (7)
Includes 45,631 shares of common stock, and 7,950 shares of restricted stock vesting in the next 60 days. 

93 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The following is a description of transactions
since May 1, 2022, to which we were a party or will be party, in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of
 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and any of our directors,
executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing
the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Please see
footnotes 6 and 12 to financial statements filed herewith. 

Director Independence 

Our Board has determined that all of our present directors
are independent, in accordance with standards under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, other than Mr. Thompson. Our Board determined that, under
the Nasdaq Listing Rules, Mr. Thompson is not an independent director because he is the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. 

Our Board has determined that Christopher Moe, Nicholas
Liuzza, and Joseph Freedman are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules independence standards for Audit Committee members.
Our Board has also determined that Nicholas Liuzza, Christopher Moe and Joseph Freedman are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules
independence standards for Compensation Committee members and that Joseph Freedman and Nicholas Liuzza are independent under the Nasdaq
Listing Rules independence standards for Governance and Nominating committee members. 

DELINQUENT
SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than
10 percent of our equity securities Reporting Persons to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC.
Based solely on our review of such filings and other information available to us, as well as representations from
the Reporting Persons, we believe that during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, the Reporting Persons timely filed all such reports,
except that the following forms were filed late by the indicated individuals: 

Allan
 Evans for four Form 4 s related to shares of vested stock which were withheld by the
 Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations 

Joseph
 Hernon for one Form 4 reporting shares of restricted stock which vested, net of shares withheld by the Company to satisfy tax withholding
 obligations 

Nick
 Liuzza for one Form 4 related to open market purchases and sales of shares of common stock 

Mary
 Beth Long for a Form 3 reporting her equity holdings
 upon becoming a Director of the Company 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FE ES AND SERVICES 

BF
Borgers, CPA, PC audited our financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. The Company engages Tanner, LLC & HLB
Puerto Rico to complete its corporate tax returns. Tax fees paid to HLB Puerto Rico totaled 43,251 for Fiscal 2023. Fees paid
to Tanner, LLC totaled 56,139 for Fiscal 2022. Fees paid to Tanner, LLC and HLB Puerto Rico are listed under Tax fees below. 

94 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services 

We
regularly review the services and fees from our independent registered public accounting firm. These services and fees are also reviewed
with our Audit Committee annually. In accordance with standard policy, BF Borgers, CPA, PC periodically rotates the individuals who are
responsible for our audit. During the years ended April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, fees for services provided by BF Borgers, CPA, PC
were as follows: 

Fiscal
 Year Ended 

April
 30, 2023 
 April
 30, 2022 
 
 Audit
 fees (1) 
 187,000 
 163,500 
 
 Audit-related
 fees (2) 
 
 43,200 
 
 Tax
 fees (3) 
 43,251 
 56,139 
 
 Other
 fees (4) 

Total
 fees 
 230,251 
 262,839 

(1) 
 Consists of fees rendered
 in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K, review of the interim
 consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services normally provided in connection with regulatory
 filings. 

(2) 
 Consists of fees billed
 for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial
 statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

(3) 
 Consists of fees billed
 for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state
 and international tax compliance, as well as technical tax advice related to federal and state income tax matters, assistance with
 sales tax and assistance with tax audits. 

(4) 
 Consists of fees for professional
 services other than those reported in the categories above, including access to resource materials and portals. 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our
Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered
public accounting firm, the scope of services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm and the fees for the services
to be performed. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is
detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. Our independent registered
public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to
date. All of the services relating to the fees described in the table above were approved by our Audit Committee. 

95 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 .
EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement, dated July 18, 2021, between the Company and ThinkEquity, as Representative of the Several Underwriters (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021) 
 
 1.2 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement, dated April 29, 201 between the Company and ThinkEquity (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1. to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated with the SEC on April 30, 2021) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
 on September 13, 2016) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Articles
 of Merger- Nevada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
 on September 13, 2016) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Articles
 of Merger- Arizona (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
 on September 13, 2016) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Agreement
 of Merger, dated January 23, 2019, among the Company, Rotor Riot Acquisition, LLC and the stockholder signatory thereon (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2020) 
 
 2.5 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Agreement of Merger, dated December 31, 2019, among the Company, Rotor Riot Acquisition, LLC and the stockholder signatory
 thereon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January
 29, 2020) 
 
 2.6 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to the Agreement of Merger, dated December 31, 2019, among the Company, Rotor Riot Acquisition, LLC and the stockholder signatory
 thereon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January
 29, 2020) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated July 17, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Company s Schedule
 14C Information Statement filed with the SEC on July 2, 2019) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February
 8, 2017) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certification
 of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K filed with the SEC on December 12, 2018) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certification
 of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 12, 2018) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Certification of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 12, 2018) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Withdrawal, dated May 13, 2019 of Certification of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock, dated December 6, 2018, Series
 E Convertible Preferred Stock, dated January 3, 2018 and the Amendment to the Certification of Designation of the Series E Convertible
 Preferred Stock, dated January 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certification
 of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock, dated May 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certification
 of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, dated May 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description
 of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on
 August 13, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form
 of Senior Convertible Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
 the SEC on May 6, 2019) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2019, among TimefireVR, Inc. (Timefire ), Red Cat Propware, Inc, and Red Cat Propware,
 Inc s. shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
 the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Warrant,
 dated May 5, 2019, issued to Calvary Fund I LP Calvary (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Restricted
 Stock Unit Agreement, dated May 15, 2019, between Timefire and Jonathan Read (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 

96 

10.5 
 
 Securities
 Exchange Agreement, dated May 13, 2019, between Timefire and Calvary (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities
 Exchange Agreement, dated May 13, 2019, between Timefire and L1 Capital Global Opportunity Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities
 Exchange Agreement, dated May 13, 2019, between Timefire and Digital Power Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Securities
 Exchange Agreement, dated May 13, 2019, between Timefire and Gary Smith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Securities
 Exchange Agreement, dated May 13, 2019, between Timefire and Edward Slade Mead (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Redemption
 Letter for Series A Preferred Stock, dated May 9, 2019, from Timefire to Jonathan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019) 
 
 10.11 
 
 2019
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit C to the Company s Schedule 14C Information Statement filed with
 the SEC on July 2, 2019) 
 
 10.12 
 
 175,000
 Promissory Note, dated January 23, 2020, issued to Brains Riding in Tanks. LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29,2020) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Make
 Whole Agreement, dated January 23, 2020, among the Company, Brains Riding in Tanks. LLC, Rotor Riot, LLC and Chad Kapper (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29,2020) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Share
 Purchase and Liquidity Event Agreements, dated February 11, 2021 among the Company, Giuseppe Santangelo, the holders of common
 stock and SAFE agreements representing 97.46 of Skypersonic (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2021) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated July 13, 2021, among the Company, Teal Drones, Inc and Teal Acquisition I Corp. and stockholders of Teal
 Drones, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July
 14, 2021 
 
 10.16 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement with Jeffrey Thompson, dated March 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Joseph Hernon, dated July 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2021) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement Joseph Freedman, dated July 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8, 2021). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Addendum
 to Executive Employment Agreement with Joseph Hernon 
 
 21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent
 of BF Borgers, CPA PC 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial and accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section
 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

97 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 Not
applicable. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunder duly authorized. 

Red
 Cat Holdings, Inc. 

Dated:
 July 27, 2023 
 By: 
 / s/
 Jeffrey Thompson 

Jeffrey
 Thompson 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jeffrey M. Thompson 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 July
 27, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey
 M. Thompson 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Joseph Hernon 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 July
 27, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 Hernon 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Nicholas Liuzza, Jr. 
 
 Director

July
 27, 2023 
 
 Nicolas
 Liuzza, Jr. 

/s/
 Christopher Moe 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 27, 2023 
 
 Christopher
 Moe 

/s/
 Joseph Freedman 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 27, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 Freedman 

98 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 rcat0721form10kexh23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File numbers 333-264768 and 333-256216) and Form S-8 (File number 333-256279) of Red Cat Holdings,
Inc. (the Company of our report dated July 27, 2023, relating to the financial statements of the Company, which appear
in this Form 10-K. 

BF Borgers CPA PC 

/s/ Ben Borgers __________ 

 Certified Public Accountants 

 Lakewood, CO 

 July 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 rcat0721form10kexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
AND RULE 13A-14(A) 

 OR 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

I, Jeffrey Thompson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation, for the year ended April 30, 2023; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have; 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter) covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Thompson 

Jeffrey Thompson 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 rcat0721form10kexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Joseph Hernon, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation, for the year ended April 30, 2023; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have; 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter) covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph Hernon 

Joseph Hernon 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 rcat0721form10kexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), for the year ended April 30, 2023, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey Thompson, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that; 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: July 27, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Jeffrey Thompson 

Name: 
 Jeffrey Thompson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 rcat0721form10kexh32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Red Cat Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), for the year ended April 30, 2023, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph Hernon, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: July 27, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ Joseph Hernon 

Name: 
 Joseph Hernon 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rcat-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rcat-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rcat-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rcat-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

