<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230706_10-K_edgar_data_1657214_0001493152-23-023833.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9365399</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>237311</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1485339</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2761122</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2185363</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2499121</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-023833.hdr.sgml : 20230706
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230706164526
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-023833
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230706
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230706

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			International Land Alliance Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001657214
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LAND SUBDIVIDERS & DEVELOPERS (NO CEMETERIES) [6552]
		IRS NUMBER:				463752361
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56111
		FILM NUMBER:		231074146

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 10TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 692-2677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 10TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-023833.txt : 20230706

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of small business issuer as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Issuer s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

OTCMKTS 

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

On
January 3, 2023, the registrant acquired the remaining 75 of the issued and outstanding units of Rancho Costa Verde Development, LLC acquiree under a Securities Purchase Agreement business acquisition ), which was previously accounted for
as an equity-method investment under ASC 323 Investments- Equity Method and Joint Ventures . This business acquisition was determined
to be a significant acquisition pursuant to Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. The registrant should have filed audited annual financial
statements of the acquiree pursuant to Rule 3-05 of Regulation S-X and pro forma financial statements pursuant to Article 11 of Regulation
S-X, within 75 days after the business acquisition was consummated with a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

In
addition, the registrant should have filed its unaudited quarterly financial statements on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March
31, 2023 by May 22, 2023, inclusive of the five day extension. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large-accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large-accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large-accelerated
 filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 
based upon the price 0.43 at which the common stock was last sold as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal year, multiplied by the approximate number of shares of common stock held by persons other than
executive officers, directors and five percent stockholders of the registrant without conceding that any such person is an affiliate 
of the registrant for purposes of the federal securities laws. 

As
of June 30, 2023, there were 
 shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Description of Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 23 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 23 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 32 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director independence 
 36 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 36 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules 
 37 

SIGNATURES 
 38 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
information contained in this Report includes some statements that are not purely historical and that are forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and as such, may involve risks and uncertainties. These
forward-looking statements relate to, among other things, expectations of the business environment in which we operate, perceived opportunities
in the market and statements regarding our mission and vision. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. You can generally
identify forward-looking statements as statements containing the words anticipates, believes, continue, 
 could, estimates, expects, intends, may, might, plans, 
 possible, potential, predicts, projects, seeks, should, 
 will, would and similar expressions, or the negatives of such terms, but the absence of these words does
not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

Forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the
forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on various assumptions, many of which are based,
in turn, upon further assumptions. Our expectations, beliefs and forward-looking statements are expressed in good faith on the basis
of management s views and assumptions as of the time the statements are made, but there can be no assurance that management s
expectations, beliefs or projections will result or be achieved or accomplished. 

In
addition to other factors and matters discussed elsewhere herein, the following are important factors that, in our view, could cause
actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements: technological advances, impact of competition,
dependence on key personnel and the need to attract new management, effectiveness of cost and marketing efforts, acceptances of products,
ability to expand markets and the availability of capital or other funding on terms satisfactory to us, the continuing impact of Covid-19
and geopolitical environment of the market in which the Company operates. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Description of Business. 

International
Land Alliance, Inc. (the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on September 26, 2013 (inception). 

The
Company is a residential land development company with target properties located in the Baja California, Northern region of Mexico and
Southern California. The Company s principal activities are purchasing properties, obtaining zoning and other entitlements required
to subdivide the properties into residential and commercial building lots, securing financing for the purchase of the lots, improving
the properties infrastructure and amenities, and selling the plots to homebuyers, retirees, investors, and commercial developers. 

On
June 30, 2011, International Land Alliance, SA De CV ILA Mexico was formed as a Mexican corporation to acquire from Baja
Residents Club, S.A., a related-party Mexican corporation, 497 acres south of San Felipe, Baja California, known as the Oasis Park project
and also 20 acres in Ensenada, Baja California, known as the Valle Divino project. On October 1, 2013, Roberto Jesus Valdez, Jason A.
Sunstein and Elizabeth Roemer transferred their interest in Oasis Park and Valle Divino real estate projects to ILA Mexico in exchange
for 7,500 shares of ILA Mexico. On October 1, 2013, we issued 3,750,000 shares of our common stock to each Roberto Jesus Valdez, and
Jason Sunstein and 1,000,000 shares of our common stock to Elizabeth Roemer in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of ILA Mexico.
As a result of this transaction, ILA Mexico became our wholly owned subsidiary. 

On
March 5, 2019, the Company received its trading symbol ILAL from FINRA. On April 4, 2019, the Company was approved to have
its common stock traded on the OTCQB. On April 12, 2019, the Company became eligible for electronic clearing and settlement through the
Depositary Trust Company DTC in the United States. 

On
March 18, 2019, the Company acquired real property located in Hemet, California, which included approximately 80 acres of land and two
structures for 1.1 million. The property includes the main parcel of land with existing structures along with three additional parcels
of land which are vacant lots to be used for the purpose of land development. The Company was generating lease income from this property
up until October 1, 2021, at which point, the Company recognized revenue from the sale of 20 acres of land pursuant to Accounting Standard
Codification ASC 606. 

In
October 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Valdeland, S.A. de C.V.( Valdeland ), a Mexican corporation controlled
by our CEO, Roberto Valdes, to acquire 1 acre of land at the Bajamar Ocean Front Golf Resort in Ensenada, Baja California, known as the
Plaza Bajamar. The transfer of title for this project is subject to approval from the Mexican government in Baja California. Although
management believes that the transfer of title to the land will be approved and transferred by the end of our fiscal year of 2023, there
is no assurance that such transfer of title will be approved in that time frame or at all. 

4 

On
October 1, 2013, the Company entered into a promissory agreement with Grupo Jataya, S.A. DE C.V. Grupo ), a Mexican corporation
controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, Roberto Valdes, to convey into an irrevocable trust, with ILAL named as beneficiary, to acquire 10 acres of land
in Ensenada, Baja California, known as the Valle Divino, free of lien and encumbrances. 

On
July 2020, the Company filed the Articles of Organization with the California Secretary of State for Emerald Grove Estates, LLC Emerald
Estates ). Emerald Estates is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The purpose of Emerald Estates is agriculture and land
development. On January 27, 2021, Jason Sunstein and ILAL granted the deed of the property in Sycamore Road, Hemet, California to Emerald
Estates. 

On
May 3, 2021, the Company acquired a 25 interest in Rancho Costa Verde Development, LLC RCVD ). RCVD is a successful
developer of a 1,100-acre, 1,200-lot master planned community in Baja California, located roughly eight (8) km north of ILA s
Oasis Park Resort. Such investment was accounted for under the equity method of investment under ASC 323 Investments 
Equity method and Joint Ventures . Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company acquired the remaining 75 for a total contractual consideration of
 13.5 million (see subsequent events in note 13). 

Industry
Overview 

Mexico s
real estate industry has experienced a wave of growth brought about by foreign investment with the creation of investment trusts in 1993 fideicomiso and significant changes in regulations, primarily NAFTA in 1994, along with competitive land prices and the
significant expansion of new business centers and factories Maquiladoras across the country over the last 10 years. 

Most
recently, this continued growth was fueled by Mexico s enormously strong domestic market, particularly the rising middle class.
In 2018, the country s middle class was estimated to account for almost half of the total households, at about 16 million. They
are expected to continue growing, with about 3.8 million more households projected to move into the middle class by 2030. Moreover, most
Mexicans who move generally prefer to buy rather than to rent. Around 82 of Mexicans want to buy a property, as opposed to 18 that
prefer to rent, according to Lamudi s recent Real Estate Market Report 2018. 

In
addition to a strong domestic market, demand has also been fueled by international buyers from California seeking affordable retirement
alternatives. Due to a serious housing shortage, CoreLogic data show the median price of a Southern California home, or the price at
the midpoint of all sales, was 706,000 in February 2022, up 15.4 from February 2021. That s a 12-month gain of 94,000, equivalent
to a price hike of 1,800 every week. Prices hit or tied all-time highs in all but one county, Los Angeles, in the six-county region. 

Market
Opportunity 

For
years, U.S. and Canadian retirees have flocked to Mexico as an alternative overseas retirement destination that was affordable, offered
desirable weather and was close to their communities of origin in North America. These attributes have made Mexico the top overseas retirement
destination for older Americans, resulting in a building boom that reached its peak in 2005/06 and stretched from Playas de Tijuana-Rosarito
and Los Cabos along the Baja California peninsula and from Puerto Pe asco, Sonora to Mazatl n, Sinaloa. In southern Mexico,
the real estate focus has been on expanding the Canc n corridor to the Riviera Maya. 

Mexico
remains a viable retirement option for Americans aged 50 years and over, offering a reduced cost of living, lower health care expenses,
and proximity to friends and family in the United States. In addition, over half of survey respondents observed that their motivation
to purchase a home in Mexico was based on their desire to have a home on or near the coast that would otherwise be unattainable in the
United States. 

In
addition to U.S. and Canadian citizens, Baja California has seen a noticeable increase in business from Japan and Europe. With the interest
in Baja expected to continue along with Mexico s overall economic growth, we will be well positioned to offer prospective homebuyers
and investors a luxurious residence with breathtaking views for an affordable price. 

5 

Target
Market 

The
Company s projects will be marketed toward residents of the United States and Canada. Specifically, we will target the influx of
Maquiladoras (manufacturing facilities run by a foreign company) moving to Mexico as well as the residents of California, Texas, Arizona
and Washington for the purpose of appealing to their need for a second home or retirement property within driving distance from Southern
California. The targeted market includes residents making over 50,000 or a combined household income of 150,000. 

Our
target home buyers are typically professionals who own an existing property. Many are married without children or married with several
children. The target audience enjoys a vacation away from home and often seeks information regarding villas or condominiums as a second
home or vacation destination. We plan to provide them with an affordable location for a vacation home in a community that surpasses all
their expectations. 

Growth
Strategy 

We
believe that growth of homebuilders in Mexico has created opportunities for smaller companies with long-term experience and relationships
in their local markets. We believe that we can utilize our many strengths to benefit our target market. These strengths include: 

better
 knowledge of local demand; 

superior
 understanding of the entitlement and acquisition process; 

affordable
 high-quality homes and aggressive marketing; 

long
 term relationships with local regulatory authorities, landowners, designers, and contractors; and 

faster
 and less cumbersome financing processes. 

It
is our plan to utilize these advantages to move more quickly and address the needs of those in our target market, especially retirees
looking to purchase a home in Mexico. 

Competition 

The
Mexican public real estate market is fragmented and highly competitive. We compete with numerous developers, builders, and others for
the acquisition of property and with local, regional, and national developers, homebuilders, and others with respect to the sale of residential
properties. We also compete with builders and developers to obtain financing on commercially reasonable terms. 

The
Company is also subject to competition from other entities engaged in the business of resort development, sales and operation, including
vacation interval ownership, condominiums, hotels and motels. Some of the world s most recognized lodging, hospitality and entertainment
companies have begun to develop and sell resort properties in the Baja California area. Many of these entities possess significantly
greater financial, marketing and other resources than those of the Company. Management believes that recent regulatory developments in
the electricity industry and overall growth in the Mexican economy will increase competition in the real estate investment industry. 

The
Company is in the process of acquiring properties, as well as developing its marketing and sales strategy. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
currently have no patents, copyrights, trademarks and/or service marks, nor do we have any plans to file applications for such rights. 

Marketing research 

The
Company is in the process of acquiring properties, as well as developing its marketing and sales strategy. The Company also developed
an interactive website and help center to answer questions from potential home buyers. The Company launched its website during its first
fiscal quarter of 2021. 

6 

Government
Regulation 

The
housing and land development industries are subject to increasing environmental, building, zoning, and real estate sales regulations
by various authorities. Such regulations affect home building by specifying, among other things, the type and quality of building materials
that must be used, certain aspects of land use and building design. Some regulations affect development activities by directly affecting
the viability and timing of projects. 

We
must obtain the approval of numerous governmental authorities that regulate such matters as land use and level of density, the installation
of utility services, such as water and waste disposal, and the dedication of acreage for open space, parks, schools, and other community
purposes. If these authorities determine that existing utility services will not adequately support proposed development, building moratoria
may be imposed. As a result, we use substantial resources to evaluate the impact of government restrictions imposed upon new residential
development. Furthermore, as local circumstances or applicable laws change, we may be required to obtain additional approvals or modifications
of approvals previously obtained or we may be forced to stop work. These increasing regulations may result in a significant increase
in resources between our initial acquisition of land and the commencement and the completion of developments. In addition, the extent
to which we participate in land development activities subjects us to greater exposure to regulatory risks. 

Additionally,
the Mexican real estate industry is subject to substantially different regulation than the U.S. real estate industry. The Mexican constitution
of 1917 prohibited foreign ownership of residential real property within approximately 31 miles (approximately 50 km) of any coastline
and 62 miles (approximately 100 km) of its natural borders. All of Baja California is included in this restricted zone. 
In 1971 (further expanded in 1989 and 1993) provisions were made for a mechanism that would allow foreigners to own property in the restricted
zone. Within the restricted zone, a foreigner can purchase the beneficial interest in real property through a bank
trust or fideicomiso. Thus, virtually all property in Mexico is available for purchase by foreigners, keeping in mind that
the fideicomiso, or bank trust, must be used when acquiring property within the restricted zone. 

In
this bank trust, the buyer of the property is designated as the fideicomisario or the beneficiary of the trust. While legal
title is held by the bank, (specifically the trustee of the trust or the fiduciario, the trustee must administer the property
in accordance with the instructions of the buyer (the beneficiary of the trust). The property is not an asset of the bank and the trustee
is obligated to follow every lawful instruction given by the beneficiary to perform legal actions, i.e. rent it, make improvements, sell
it, etc. 

As
long as the foreign buyer of the property adheres to laws and ordinances of Mexico and agrees not to invoke the protection of the government
of his country, he may exercise the same rights as a Mexican national with regard to the use of his property. 

Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters are located in month-to-month leased office facilities at 350 10th Ave., Suite 1000, San Diego, CA
92101. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this filing, we have four employees, three of whom are executive officers of the Company. 

We
have and will continue to use independent contractors to assist us in accounting, marketing and selling our products. 

Coronavirus
(COVID-19) 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic. Given the rapidly expanding nature of the COVID-19 pandemic,
we have undergone several national lockdowns to contain the spread of the virus, we believe there is a risk that our business, results
of operations, and financial condition will be adversely affected. Potential impact to our results of operations will also depend on
future developments and new information that may emerge regarding the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions
taken by government authorities and other entities to contain the COVID-19 or mitigate its impact, almost all of which are beyond our
control. 

7 

As
events are rapidly changing, we do not know how long the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures that have been introduced to respond to it
will disrupt our operations or the full extent of that disruption. We also cannot predict how long the effects of COVID-19 and the efforts
to contain it will continue to impact our business after the pandemic is under control. Governments could take additional restrictive
measures to combat the pandemic that could further impact our business or the economy in the geographies in which we operate. It is also
possible that the impact of the pandemic and response on our customers and markets will persist for some time after governments ease
their restrictions. These measures may impact our business and financial condition as the responses to control COVID-19. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our securities is highly speculative and subject to numerous and substantial risks. Readers are encouraged to review these
risks carefully before making any investment decision. 

In
addition to the other information provided in this filing, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our
business before purchasing any of our common stock. All material risks are discussed in this section. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not continue as a going concern, investors will lose
their entire investment. 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. Our auditor s report reflects that the ability of the Company to continue as a
going concern is dependent upon our ability to repay or refinance our obligations, to raise additional capital and, ultimately, the achievement
of significant operating revenues. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, stockholders will lose their investment. We will
be required to seek additional capital to fund future growth and expansion. No assurance can be given that such financing will be available
or, if available, that it will be on commercially favorable terms. Moreover, favorable financing may be dilutive to investors. 

The
Company has an accumulated deficit of 25.1 million as of December 31, 2022, and never operated at a profit and our loss for the
year ended December 31, 2022, was 10.4 million. This loss and deficit may impact the future of the Company in many ways including,
but not limited to, making it more difficult to borrow money, sell stock or to maintain a good trading price for our common
stock. 

The
impact of any deterioration in the U.S. economy as a result of the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak may negatively affect our business. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic. Given the rapidly expanding nature of the COVID-19 pandemic,
we have undergone several national lockdowns to contain the spread of the virus, we believe there is a risk that our business, results
of operations, and financial condition will be adversely affected. Potential impact to our results of operations will also depend on
future developments and new information that may emerge regarding the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions
taken by government authorities and other entities to contain the COVID-19 or mitigate its impact, almost all of which are beyond our
control. 

As
events are rapidly changing, we do not know how long the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures that have been introduced to respond to it
will disrupt our operations or the full extent of that disruption. We also cannot predict how long the effects of COVID-19 and the efforts
to contain it will continue to impact our business after the pandemic is under control. Governments could take additional restrictive
measures to combat the pandemic that could further impact our business or the economy in the geographies in which we operate. It is also
possible that the impact of the pandemic and response on our customers and markets will persist for some time after governments ease
their restrictions. These measures may impact our business and financial condition as the responses to control COVID-19 

8 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws limit the liability of, and provide indemnification for, our officers and directors . 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation generally limits our officers and directors personal liability to the Company and its stockholders
for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer or director except for breach of the duty of loyalty or acts or omissions not made in good
faith, or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, provide indemnification
for our officers and directors to the fullest extent authorized by the Wyoming Business Corporation Act against all expense, liability,
and loss, including attorney s fees, judgments, fines excise taxes or penalties and amounts to be paid in settlement reasonably
incurred or suffered by an officer or director in connection with any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, administrative
or investigative (hereinafter a Proceeding to which the officer or director is made a party or is threatened to
be made a party, or in which the officer or director is involved by reason of the fact that he is or was an officer or director of the
Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company whether the basis of the Proceeding is an alleged action in an official capacity
as an officer or director, or in any other capacity while serving as an officer or director. Thus, the Company may be prevented from
recovering damages for certain alleged errors or omissions by the officers and directors for liabilities incurred in connection with
their good faith acts for the Company. Such an indemnification payment might deplete the Company s assets. Stockholders who have
questions regarding the fiduciary obligations of the officers and directors of the Company should consult with independent legal counsel.
It is the position of the Securities and Exchange Commission that exculpation from and indemnification for liabilities arising under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations there under, is against public policy and therefore unenforceable. 

We
will need additional capital, which we may be unable to obtain. 

Our
capital requirements in connection with our development activities of our residential property s operations have been and will
continue to be significant. As of December 31, 2022, we do expect to require additional funding for more than one year in order to
continue development. construction of houses, infrastructure and marketing activities associated with our properties. However, there
can be no assurances that we will not need additional funding in the future or that our current cash position will be sufficient to fund
any future plans to accelerate our commercialization efforts. In the event additional funding is necessary, there can be no assurance
that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

We
are dependent on the sale of our securities or debt to fund our operations and will remain so until we generate sufficient revenues to
pay for our operating costs. Our officers and directors have made no written commitments with respect to providing a source of liquidity
in the form of cash advances, loans and/or financial guarantees. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to successfully sell
our equity or debt securities. 

We
have a potential conflict of interest with a company controlled by one of our officers and directors . 

We
have and will continue to enter into agreements with firms owned or controlled by our officers and directors. A conflict of interest
will arise should a dispute occur with the respect of our rights and obligations pursuant to the agreements and those firms. Under Wyoming
law, a conflict-of-interest transaction is not voidable if the transaction was fair at the time it was entered into or is approved in
advance by the vote of the board of directors not having an interest in the transaction if the material facts of the transaction and
the director s interest are disclosed or known to the board prior to the vote. Each officer and director owe a fiduciary duty to
the Company to present business opportunities to the Company. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
of our officers or directors to other entities will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business opportunities or to
complete our initial business objectives. 

Our
lack of operations makes evaluating our business difficult . 

We
have almost nine years of operational history. Accordingly, our operations are subject to the risks inherent in the establishment of
a new business enterprise, including access to capital, successful implementation of our business plan and limited revenue from operations.
We cannot assure you that our intended activities or plan of operation will be successful or result in revenue or profit to us and any
failure to implement our business plan may have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. 

9 

To
be profitable, we must: 

develop
 and identify new prospective purchasers of our real estate 

compete
 with larger, more established competitors in the real estate development industry; 

maintain
 and enhance our brand recognition; and 

adapt
 to meet changes in our markets and competitive developments. 

We
may not be successful in accomplishing these objectives. Further, our lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business
and prospects. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered
by companies in their early stages of development, particularly companies in highly competitive industries. The historical information
in this report may not be indicative of our future financial condition and future performance. For example, we expect that our future
annual growth rate in revenues will be moderate and likely be less than the growth rates experienced in the early part of our history. 

There
is no guarantee that the Company will be able to complete development of its proposed properties and profitably sell any units . 

The
Company has acquired properties and thereafter, the Company intends to construct and develop proposed resort properties as well as other
residential and commercial property. There can be no assurance that the Company will complete the expected development plans or undertake
to develop other resorts or complete such development if undertaken. Risks associated with the Company s development and construction
activities may include the risks that: (i) acquisition and/or development opportunities may be abandoned; (ii) construction costs of
a property may exceed original estimates, possibly making the resort uneconomical or unprofitable; and (iii) construction may not be
completed on schedule, resulting in decreased revenues and increased carrying cost such as taxes and interest expense. In addition, the
Company s construction activities will typically be performed by third-party contractors, the timing, quality and completion of
which the Company will be unable to control. 

Investors
will have no discretion in management s real estate investment decisions . 

Our
management will have complete discretion in making investments on our behalf in a range of real estate, which may include all types of
properties. Consequently, prospective investors will not be able to evaluate for themselves the merits of the specific properties that
may be acquired in the future and may not like the properties acquired. You will not be entitled to a return of your investment if you
do not approve the properties purchased. Our investment decisions are not made through reliance on sophisticated mathematical models
or arbitrage programs. Instead, investors are relying on the judgment of our management alone to locate suitable properties that meet
our investment criteria. 

Our
proposed ownership of real estate may result in losses if demand for property declines . 

From
our current real estate projects and any future real estate project acquired, we will be subject to risks incident to the ownership of
real estate, including: changes in general economic or local conditions, such as a decrease in demand for residential, commercial and
industrial space due to a decrease in population or employment or changes in technology or adverse downturns in the general economy;
changes to preferences that reduce the attractiveness of our properties to end users; fluctuation in mortgage rates, building ownership
or operating expenses; rises and falls in undeveloped land values; costs of infrastructure, construction or other development costs;
changes in supply or demand of competing properties in an area; changes in interest rates, zoning and other governmental regulations
and availability of permanent mortgage funds that may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive; increases in the cost
of adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including real estate taxes, associated with one or more properties, which
may occur even when a property is not generating revenue; inflation; and changes in tax laws and rates. A negative change in any of these
risks could reduce the demand for any properties we may acquire and a reduction in demand could result in a loss to us in the operation
of or upon the sale of any such properties we may acquire. 

10 

Property
improvement costs are difficult to estimate and if costs exceed our budget, we may lose money on the development and sale of a property . 

Acquisition
of any properties for improvement, repositioning and sale entails risks such as those contemplated by us that include the following,
any of which could adversely affect our financial performance and the value of your investment: Our estimate of the costs of improving
or repositioning an acquired property may prove to be too low, and, as a result, the property may fail to meet our estimates of the profitability
of the property, either temporarily or for a longer time. Our pre-acquisition evaluation of each new investment may not detect certain
requirements, limitations, defects or necessary improvements until after the property is acquired, which could significantly increase
our total costs. 

Our
operating results may suffer because of potential development and construction delays and resultant increased costs and risks which could
reduce our revenues or lead to the loss of your investment. 

We
may develop properties, including unimproved real properties, upon which we will construct improvements. We may be subject to uncertainties
associated with re-zoning for development, environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups, and our builders 
ability to build in conformity with plans, specifications, budgeted costs and timetables. A builder s performance may also be affected
or delayed by conditions beyond the builder s control. Delays in completing construction could also give tenants the right to terminate
preconstruction leases. We may incur additional risks when we make periodic progress payments or other advances to builders before they
complete construction. These and other factors can result in increased costs of a project or loss of our investment. 

Our
real estate development strategies may not be successful which could reduce our revenues or lead to the loss of your investment . 

We
may in the future engage in development activities to the extent attractive development projects become available. To the extent that
we engage in development activities, we will be subject to risks associated with those activities that could adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay distributions on, and the market price of, our common stock, including,
but not limited to: 

development
 projects in which we have invested may be abandoned and the related investment will be impaired; 

we
 may not be able to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining, all necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other governmental
 permits and authorizations; 

we
 may not be able to obtain land on which to develop; 

we
 may not be able to obtain financing for development projects, or obtain financing on favorable terms; 

construction
 costs of a project may exceed the original estimates or construction may not be concluded on schedule, making the project less profitable
 than originally estimated or not profitable at all (including the possibility of contract default, the effects of local weather conditions,
 the possibility of local or national strikes and the possibility of shortages in materials, building supplies or energy and fuel
 for equipment); 

upon
 completion of construction, we may not be able to obtain, or obtain on advantageous terms, permanent financing for activities that
 we financed through construction loans; and 

we
 may not achieve sufficient occupancy levels and/or obtain sufficient rents to ensure the profitability of a completed project. 

Moreover,
substantial development activities, regardless of their ultimate success, typically require a significant amount of management s
time and attention, diverting their attention from our other operations. 

The
real estate market is cyclical, and a downturn of the market could increase the risk of loss of your investment . 

Investment
in real estate involves a high degree of business and financial risk, which can result in substantial losses and accordingly should be
considered speculative. The market for property in Mexico and the United States tends to be cyclical, with periods in which the prices
of properties rise and fall. Prices have fallen in the past and have done so for a significant period of time. Any downturn in the real
estate market in the U.S. or Mexico may have a negative effect on our operations and reduce any return generated upon the sale of our
property. 

11 

Many
real estate costs are fixed and must be paid even if the property is not generating revenue which could increase your risk of loss of
your investment . 

Our
financial results depend primarily on being able to add value and then sell properties to others on favorable terms. Many costs associated
with real estate investment, such as debt service, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, generally are not reduced even when a property
is not fully improved or used. Thus, even a small increase in the time to which a real estate property can be sold can result in a significant
increase in the carry costs of the property. New properties that we may acquire may not produce any significant revenue immediately,
and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt service associated with that property
until the property is sold. 

Because
there is no liquid market for our properties, we may be unable to sell a property when it planned to, which could increase your risk
of loss of your investment . 

Liquidity
relates to our ability to sell a property in a timely manner at a price that reflects the fair value of that property. The illiquidity
of properties may adversely affect our ability to dispose of such properties in a timely manner and at a fair price at times when we
deem it necessary or advantageous. The timing and likelihood of liquidation events is uncertain and unpredictable and affected by general
economic and property-specific conditions. There may not be a market, or the market may be very limited, for the real estate that we
will try to sell, even though we will make appropriate efforts to cover the available market. Investments in real properties are generally
not liquid. We may not be able to dispose of future properties within its anticipated time schedule and the sales of such properties
may not be made at the prices projected by us. 

We
are subject to zoning and environmental controls that may restrict the use of our property . 

Governmental
zoning and land use regulations may exist or be promulgated that could have the effect of restricting or curtailing certain uses of our
real estate. Such regulations could adversely affect the value of any of our properties affected by such regulations. In recent years
real estate values have also sometimes been adversely affected by the presence of hazardous substances or toxic waste on, under or in
the environs of the property. A substance (or the amount of a substance) may be considered safe at the time the property is purchased
but later classified by law as hazardous. Owners of properties have been liable for substantial expenses to remedy chemical contamination
of soil and groundwater at their properties even if the contamination predated their ownership. Although we intend to exercise reasonable
efforts to assure that no properties are acquired that give rise to such liabilities, chemical contamination cannot always be detected
through readily available means, and the possibility of such liability cannot be excluded. 

Under
various foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, we may be required to investigate and clean up certain hazardous
or toxic substances released on or in properties we own or operate, and also may be required to pay other costs relating to hazardous
or toxic substances. This liability may be imposed without regard to whether we knew about the release of these types of substances or
were responsible for their release. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate property contaminations at any of
our properties may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the properties or to borrow using the properties as collateral. The
costs or liabilities could exceed the value of the affected real estate. We have not been notified by any governmental authority, however,
of any non-compliance, liability or other claim in connection with any of our properties, and we are not aware of any other environmental
condition with respect to any of our properties that management believes would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets
or results of operations taken as a whole. 

Although
we will attempt to determine the environmental condition of each property as part of our due diligence, we cannot be certain that this
investigation will reveal all conditions that may impose an obligation on us to mitigate the environmental condition. If we were subject
to environmental liability, which could be imposed based on our ownership of its property; such liability could adversely affect the
value of your investment. 

12 

We
may be subject to partially uninsured losses that may require substantial payments which could reduce the value of your investment . 

We
currently carry a 2,000,000 general liability policy for the Company. On Emerald Grove we have a comprehensive homeowner s policy
which also extends to the three (3) vacant parcels. Any ILA, vacant lot buyers or homebuyers will be encouraged to carry their own individual
insurance policies. In addition, if losses occur, they may exceed insurance policy limits, and policies may contain exclusions with respect
to various types of losses or other matters. Consequently, all or a portion of our properties may not be covered by disaster insurance
and insurance may not cover all losses which could reduce the value of your investment. 

We
cannot control certain factors affecting the performance and value of a property, which may cause the value of that property and your
investment to decline . 

The
economic performance and value of our real estate assets will be subject to the risks described below that are normally associated with
changes in national, regional, and local political, economic and market conditions. These factors may adversely affect the ability of
our customers to buy our real estate. Other local economic conditions that may affect the performance and value of the properties include
the local economy of a given real estate project; competition for buyers, including competition based on attractiveness and location
of the property; and the quality of amenities a project has to offer. In addition, other factors may affect the performance and value
of a property adversely, including changes in laws and governmental regulations (including those governing usage, zoning and taxes),
changes in interest rates (including the risk that increased interest rates may result in a decline in the liquidity of our properties),
declines in housing or commercial property purchases and the availability of financing. Adverse changes in any of these factors, each
of which is beyond our control, could reduce the cash flow that we receive from our properties, and adversely affect the value of your
investment. 

If
we choose to carry debt, inability to make secured debt payments could result in loss of mortgaged property and reduce the value of your
investment . 

The
Company carries secured and unsecured promissory notes. Debt financing carries many risks, including refinancing difficulties, loss of
mortgaged properties, reduced ability to obtain new financing and increases in interest. We may choose to use debt financing in connection
with future properties. If we cannot meet our secured debt obligations, the lender could take the collateral and we would lose both the
secured property and the income, if any, it produces. Foreclosure on mortgaged properties or an inability to refinance existing indebtedness
would likely have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We could have to pay substantial legal costs
in connection with foreclosure of a property, and thus be subject to a deficiency judgment if the foreclosure sale amount is insufficient
to satisfy the mortgage. 

Rising
interest rates could adversely affect our interest expense and cash flow and reduce the value of your investment . 

We
may borrow money at variable interest rates in the future to finance operations. Increases in interest rates would increase our interest
expense on our variable rate debt, which would adversely affect cash flow and our ability to service our debt and make distributions
to us. 

Our
lack of an established brand name and relative lack of resources could negatively impact our ability to effectively compete in the real
estate market, which could reduce the value of your investment . 

We
do not have an established brand name or reputation in the real estate business. We also have a relative lack of resources to conduct
our business operations. Thus, we may have difficulty effectively competing with companies that have greater name recognition and resources
than we do. Presently, we have no patents, copyrights, trademarks and/or service marks that would protect our brand name or our proprietary
information, nor do we have any current plans to file applications for such rights. Our inability to promote and/or protect our brand
name may have an adverse effect on our ability to compete effectively in the real estate market. 

13 

We
may make changes to our business, investment, leverage and financing strategies without stockholder consent, which could reduce the value
of your investment . 

Our
discussions with various individuals concerning various properties or projects have included general discussions of acquiring properties
directly either ourselves or in a joint venture with others or of developing properties either ourselves or in a joint venture with others.
There is no limitation in the amount of funds we may invest in either property acquisition or property development. There is no limitation
on or percentage allocation of funds or assets between property acquisition and property development, or between 100 ownership and joint
venture ownership. Further, as the market evolves, we may change our business, investment and financing strategies without a vote of,
or notice to, our stockholders, which could result in our making investments and engaging in business activities that are different from,
and possibly riskier than, the investments and businesses described in this filing. In particular, a change in our investment strategy,
including the manner in which we allocate our resources across our portfolio or the types of assets in which we seek to invest, may increase
our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations. In addition, we may in the future use leverage
at times and in amounts deemed prudent by our management in its discretion, and such decision would not be subject to stockholder approval.
Changes to our strategies with regards to the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations. 

We
depend heavily on key personnel, and turnover of key senior management could harm our business . 

Our
future business and results of operations depend in significant part upon the continued contributions of our Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and President. If we lose their services or if they fail to perform in their current position, or if we are not
able to attract and retain skilled employees as needed, our business could suffer. Significant turnover in our senior management could
significantly deplete our institutional knowledge held by our existing senior management team. We depend on the skills and abilities
of these key officers in managing the product acquisition, marketing and sales aspects of our business, any part of which could be harmed
by turnover in the future. 

Our
future results and reputation may be affected by litigation or other liability claims . 

We
have procured a 2,000,000 general liability insurance policy for our business. In addition, we procured a 1,000,000 Executive and Corporate
Securities Liability policy D O ). To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type which would exceed our limit, we could
incur significant expenses in defending any action against us and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or judgment against
us. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our business or our securities. 

We
may be subject to regulatory inquiries, claims, suits prosecutions which may impact our profitability . 

Any
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to regulatory inquiries, claims, suits
and prosecutions. We can give no assurance that we will prevail in such regulatory inquiries, claims, suits, and prosecutions on commercially
reasonable terms or at all. Responding to, defending and/or settling regulatory inquiries, claims, suits, and prosecutions may be time-consuming
and divert management and financial resources or have other adverse effects on our business. A negative outcome in any of these proceedings
may result in changes to or discontinuance of some of our services, potential liabilities or additional costs that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. 

We
are vulnerable to concentration risks because we intend to focus on the residential rather than commercial market . 

We
intend to focus on residential rather than commercial properties. Economic shifts affect residential and commercial property markets,
and thus our business, in different ways. A developer with diversified projects in both sectors may be better able to survive a downturn
in the residential market if the commercial market remains strong. Our focus on the residential sector can make us more vulnerable than
a diversified developer. 

14 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR MEXICAN OPERATIONS 

General
economic conditions in Mexico may have an adverse effect on our operations and reduce our revenues . 

General
economic conditions in Mexico have an impact on our business and financial results, such as inflation, weakening of the US dollars versus
the Mexican Peso and tax fluctuations in Mexico. The global economy in general and in Mexico remains uncertain. Weak economic conditions
could result in lower demand for our properties, resulting in lower sales, earnings, and cash flows. 

The
value of our securities may be affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and the currency of Mexico . 

The
value of our common stock may be affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and the currency of Mexico, and between those
currencies and other currencies in which our revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities may be denominated. For example, to the extent that we need to convert
U.S. dollars into the currency of Mexico for our operational needs, should the currency of Mexico appreciate against the U.S. dollar
at that time, our financial position, the business of the Company, and the price of our common stock may be harmed. Conversely, if we
decide to convert the currency of Mexico into U.S. dollars for the purpose of declaring dividends on our common stock or for other business
purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the currency of Mexico, the U.S. dollar equivalent of our earnings from our subsidiaries
in Mexico would be reduced. 

We
are subject to anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ),
as well as trade compliance and economic sanctions laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could
subject us to civil and criminal penalties, harm our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations . 

Doing
business in Mexico requires us to comply with the laws and regulations of numerous jurisdictions. These laws and regulations place restrictions
on our operations and business practices. In particular, we are subject to the FCPA, which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries
from providing anything of value to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any improper business
advantage, along with various other anti-corruption laws. As a result of doing business in Mexico, we are exposed to a heightened risk
of violating anti-corruption laws. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and
other intermediaries comply with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws to which we are subject, there is no assurance that such policies
or procedures will work effectively all of the time or protect us against liability under the FCPA or other laws for actions taken by
our employees and other intermediaries with respect to our business or any businesses that we may acquire. Any continued international
expansion, and any development of new partnerships and joint venture relationships worldwide, increases the risk of FCPA violations in
the future. 

Violations
of anti-corruption laws, export control laws and regulations, and economic sanctions laws and regulations are punishable by civil penalties,
including fines, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. If we fail to comply with the FCPA or other laws governing the conduct of
international operations, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Any investigation of any potential violations of the FCPA
or other anti-corruption laws, export control laws and regulations, and economic sanctions laws and regulations by the United States
or foreign authorities could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity,
regardless of the outcome of the investigation. 

Our
operations may be affected by social instability in Mexico . 

Because
we have Mexican operations, we are subject to social instability risks which could materially adversely affect our business and our results
of operations. Specifically, our business is exposed to the risk of crime that is currently taking place in certain areas in Tijuana.
Recent increases in kidnapping and violent drug related criminal activity in Mexico, and in particular Mexican States bordering the United
States, may adversely affect our ability to carry on business safely. 

15 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

The potential risk from OTC delisting 

The Company draws the attention of shareholders to
the risk factor pertaining to the potential delisting from OTC Markets Group, Inc. OTC due to the late filing of the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2023. 

We
will be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions, and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock . 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks to be an equity security that has a market price
less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. We are a penny stock ,
and we are subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock Rule . This rule imposes additional sales practice
requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers. For transactions covered by Rule
15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written
consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and
may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, of a disclosure
schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are
required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stock. 

We
may qualify for an exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common stock were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule,
we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating
in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. 

Because
we do not have an audit or compensation committee, shareholders will have to rely on the entire board of directors, none of which are
independent, to perform these functions . 

We
do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors. These functions are performed by the board of directors
as a whole. No members of the board of directors are independent directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that board members
who are also part of management will participate in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management
decisions. 

Our
directors own a significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities which could reduce the ability of minority shareholders to
effect certain corporate actions . 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Director Roberto Valdes, and our Chief Financial Officer and Director Jason Sunstein, and our President and
Director Frank Ingrande, together own 14,503,575 shares of common stock, or approximately 34 of our outstanding voting securities. As
a result, currently, and after the filing, they will possess a significant influence and can elect a majority of our board of directors
and authorize or prevent proposed significant corporate transactions. Their ownership and control may also have the effect of delaying
or preventing a future change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination or discourage a potential
acquirer from making a tender offer. 

Because
our directors hold a significant amount of our shares of common stock, it may not be possible to have adequate internal controls . 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 requires our management to report on the operating effectiveness
of the Company s Internal Controls over financial reporting. We must establish an ongoing program to perform the system and
process evaluation and testing necessary to comply with these requirements. However, because our Directors, Roberto Valdes, Jason
Sunstein and Frank Ingrande, control approximately 33.6 on aggregate of our outstanding voting securities, will continue to own a
significant percentage of our voting securities, it may not be possible to have adequate internal controls. We cannot predict what
affect this will have on our stock price. 

16 

We
may, in the future, issue additional shares of common stock, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute
our share value . 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 150,000,000 shares of common stock. As of the date of this report we had 64,943,897
shares of common stock outstanding. Accordingly, we may issue approximately 85,056,103 additional shares of common stock subject to limitation
on reserve amounts for other securities outstanding. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage
of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis.
The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value
of the shares held by our investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 

We
are subject to compliance with securities law, which exposes us to potential liabilities, including potential rescission rights . 

We
may offer to sell our common stock to investors pursuant to certain exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933, as well as those of various state securities laws. The basis for relying on such exemptions is factual; that is, the applicability
of such exemptions depends upon our conduct and that of those persons contacting prospective investors and making the offering. We may
not seek any legal opinion to the effect that any such offering would be exempt from registration under any federal or state law. Instead,
we may elect to relay upon the operative facts as the basis for such exemption, including information provided by investor themselves. 

If
any such offering did not qualify for such exemption, an investor would have the right to rescind its purchase of the securities if it
so desired. It is possible that if an investor should seek rescission, such investor would succeed. A similar situation prevails under
state law in those states where the securities may be offered without registration in reliance on the partial preemption from the registration
or qualification provisions of such state statutes under the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996. If investors were successful
in seeking rescission, we would face severe financial demands that could adversely affect our business and operations. Additionally,
if we did not in fact qualify for the exemptions upon which we relied, we may become subject to significant fines and penalties imposed
by the SEC and state securities agencies. 

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares
unless they sell them . 

We
intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their
shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired. 

We
expect to experience volatility in the price of our common stock, which could negatively affect stockholders investments. 

The
trading price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some
of which are beyond our control. The stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies with securities traded in those markets. Broad market and industry
factors may seriously affect the market price of companies stock, including ours, regardless of actual operating performance.
All of these factors could adversely affect your ability to sell your shares of common stock or, if you are able to sell your shares,
to sell your shares at a price that you determine to be fair or favorable. 

Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and
sell our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. 

FINRA
has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer to have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer
before recommending an investment to a customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers,
broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment
objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative
low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, the FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares of common stock, have
an adverse effect on the market for our shares of common stock, and thereby depress our price per share of common stock. 

17 

Anti-takeover
effects of certain provisions of Wyoming state law may hinder a potential takeover of us. 

Wyoming
has a business combination law that prohibits certain business combinations between Wyoming corporations and interested stockholders 
for two years after an interested stockholder first becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporation s
board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Wyoming law, an interested stockholder is any person
who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares
of the corporation or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition
of the term business combination is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential
acquirer to use the corporation s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests
of the corporation and its other stockholders. 

The
effect of Wyoming s business combination law is potentially to discourage parties interested in taking control of us from doing
so if they cannot obtain the approval of our Board. Both of these provisions could limit the price investors would be willing to pay
in the future for shares of our common stock. 

Our
stock is thinly traded, so you may be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid prices if you need to sell a significant number
of your shares. 

The
shares of our common stock are thinly traded on the OTCQB Marketplace, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our
common stock at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. As a consequence, there may be periods
of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a
large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We
cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained,
or that current trading levels will be sustained. Due to these conditions, we can give you no assurance that you will be able to sell
your shares at or near bid prices or at all if you need money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. 

From
time to time, certain of our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage
transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. In general,
pursuant to amended Rule 144, non-affiliate stockholders may sell freely after six months subject only to the current public information
requirement. Affiliates may sell after six months subject to Rule 144 volume, manner of sale (for equity securities), and current public
information and notice requirements. Any substantial sales of our common stock pursuant to Rule 144 may have a material adverse effect
on the market price of our common stock. 

We
could issue additional common stock, which might dilute the book value of our common stock. 

Our
Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of our shareholders, to issue all or a part of our authorized but unissued shares.
Such stock issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or a premium from the then-current trading price of our common
stock. In addition, in order to raise capital, we may need to issue securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for a significant
amount of our common stock. These issuances would dilute the percentage ownership interest, which would have the effect of reducing your
influence on matters on which our shareholders vote and might dilute the book value of our common stock. 

18 

Our
common stock could be further diluted as a result of the issuance of convertible securities, warrants or options. 

In
the past, we have issued convertible securities (such as convertible debentures and notes), warrants and options in order to raise money
or as compensation for services and incentive compensation for our employees and directors. We have shares of common stock reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of certain of these securities and may increase the shares reserved for these purposes in the future. Our
issuance of these convertible securities, options and warrants could affect the rights of our stockholders, could reduce the market price
of our common stock or could result in adjustments to exercise prices of outstanding warrants (resulting in these securities becoming
exercisable for, as the case may be, a greater number of shares of our common stock), or could obligate us to issue additional shares
of common stock to certain of our stockholders. 

Our
articles of incorporation allow for our board of directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders,
which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors
has the authority to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of our preferred stock without further stockholders approval (including 1,000,000
shares that have been designated Series A and 1,000 shares that have been designated Series B. As a result, our board of directors could
authorize the issuance of a new series of preferred stock that would grant to holders of preferred stock the right to our assets upon
liquidation, or the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock. In addition,
our board of directors could authorize the creation of a new series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common
stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution
to our existing stockholders. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
corporate headquarters are located in leased office facilities at 350 10th Ave., Suite 1000, San Diego, CA 92101. Because of the nature
of our real estate development operations, significant amounts of property are held as inventory in the ordinary course. Such properties
are not included in response to this Item. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company presently is not a party to, nor is management aware of, any pending legal proceedings. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

19 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

On
March 5, 2019, the Company received its trading symbol from FINRA ILAL . On April 4, 2019, the Company was approved to have
its common stock traded on the OTCQB. On April 12, 2019, the Company became eligible for electronic clearing and settlement through the
Depository Trust Company DTC in the United States. 

As
of June 30, 2023, there were 236 holders of record of our common stock. As of such date, 64,943,897 shares of our common stock were issued
and outstanding. 

Market
for Common Equity 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board OTCQB under the symbol ILAL . The following table sets
forth the high and low bid prices for our common stock for the two most recently completed fiscal years. Such prices are based on inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, markdown, or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal 2021 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.35 
 1.84 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.84 
 1.52 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.53 
 1.20 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.35 
 1.02 

Fiscal
 2022 
 
 Low 

High 

First
 Quarter 

0.32 

0.85 

Second
 Quarter 

0.29 

0.50 

Third
 Quarter 

0.12 

0.45 

Fourth
 Quarter 

0.08 

0.30 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities 

None. 

20 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

2022
Equity Incentive Plan 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,150,000 
 0.20 
 2,850,000 
 
 Total 
 2,150,000 
 0.20 
 2,850,000 

2020
Equity Incentive Plan 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,700,000 
 0.33 
 1,300,000 
 
 Total 
 1,700,000 
 0.33 
 1,300,000 

2019
Equity Incentive Plan 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 2,150,000 
 0.48 
 850,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 2,150,000 
 0.48 
 850,000 

21 

Brief
Description of equity compensation plan. 

On
February 11, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 2019 equity incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ). In order
for the 2019 plan to grant qualified stock options to employees, it requires approval by the Company s shareholders
within 12 months from the date of the 2019 Plan. The 2019 Plan was never approved by the shareholders. Therefore, any options granted
under the 2019 Plan prior to shareholders approval will be non-qualified . Pursuant to the 2019 Plan, the Company
has reserved a total of 3,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock under the Plan. The Company has a total of 2,150,000 options
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

On
August 26, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved the 2020 Equity Plan. The Company has reserved a total of 3,000,000
shares of the Company s authorized common stock for issuance under the 2020 equity plan. The 2020 Equity Plan enables the Company s
board of directors to provide equity-based incentives through grants of awards to the Company s present and future employees, directors,
consultants, and other third-party service providers. The Company has a total of 1,700,000 options issued and outstanding as of December
31, 2022. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ).
Pursuant to the 2022 Plan, the Company has reserved a total of 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be available
under the 2022 Plan. The Company granted 2,150,000 options during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has 2,150,000 and 0
options issued and outstanding under the 2022 Plan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Penny
Stock Considerations 

Because
of the possible low price of our securities and certain other factors, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions
in these securities and some market makers have declined to make a market for our common stock. Purchasers and holders of our securities
should be aware that any market that develops in our stock may be subject to the penny stock restrictions. 

Transfer
Agent 

Globex
Transfer, LLC, located at 780 Deltona Blvd., Ste. 202, Deltona FL 32725 is the registrar and transfer agent for our common stock. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

See
Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for disclosure of the issuance of unregistered securities for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued 1,077,164 shares of common stock pursuant to debt conversion in accordance with the terms of
the agreements. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued
267,310 shares of common stock pursuant to a cashless exercise of 343,750 warrant shares. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued 100,000 shares of common stock for services. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a business acquisition. 

Additional
Information 

We
are a fully reporting issuer, subject to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Quarterly Reports, Annual Reports, and other filings
can be obtained from the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during
the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission
at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission at http://www.sec.gov. Our internet website address is https://ila.company. 

22 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those set forth as a
result of general economic conditions and changes in the assumptions used in making such forward-looking statements. The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the audited financial statements and accompanying
notes and the other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The analysis set forth below is provided
pursuant to applicable Securities and Exchange Commission regulations and is not intended to serve as a basis for projections of future
events. 

Overview
of Our Company 

International
Land Alliance, Inc. was incorporated pursuant to the laws of the State of Wyoming on September 26, 2013. We are based in San Diego, California.
We are a residential land development company with target properties located primarily in the Baja California Northern region of Mexico
and Southern California. Our principal activities are purchasing properties, obtaining zoning and other entitlements required to subdivide
the properties into residential and commercial building lots, securing financing for the purchase of the lots, improving the properties 
infrastructure and amenities, and selling the lots to homebuyers, retirees, investors, and commercial developers. We offer the option
of financing (i.e., taking a promissory note from the buyer for all or part of the purchase price) with a guaranteed acceptance on any
purchase for every customer. 

Overview 

The
real estate market in Northern Baja California has continued to significantly improve and has fully recover from the negative impact
of Covid-19. The housing prices has continued to rise in the Southwest U.S., and inventory has remained severely low, which generated
additional attraction from home buyers seeking second homes or vacation homes. 

The
Company s current portfolio includes residential, resort and commercial properties comprising of the following projects: 

Oasis
Park Resort is a 497-acres master planned real estate community including 1,344 residential home sites, south of San Felipe,
Baja California, which offers a180-degree sea and mountain views. In addition to the residential lots, there is a planned boutique hotel,
a spacious commercial center, and a nautical center. 

The
Company recently allowed prospective homeowners and existing lot holders to tour the property again. 75 of the 1,344 planned residential
lots were pre-sold to initial shareholders. The Company has made significant progress on the project, which included the completion of
the two-mile access road and the community entrance structure. The Company also started construction of the waterfront clubhouse, and
model homes. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received additional payment of 41,940 from an affiliate to a related party resulting from
the sale of three residential home sites in 2021 for a total contractual price of 120,000. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has received an aggregate amount of 61,440 from this sale, all of which are recorded in contract liability
in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

In
addition, the Company executed a home construction contract for a total value of 90,000, of which 43,967 has been paid as of December
31, 2022, and presented in contract liability in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

23 

Valle
Divino is a self-contained solar 650-home site project in Ensenada, Baja California, with test vineyard at the property. This
resort includes 137 residential lots and 3 commercial lots on 20 acres of land. This represents an estimated 60 million in gross sales
opportunity. 

Plaza
Bajamar Resort is an 80-unit project located at the internationally renowned Bajamar Ocean front hotel and golf resort. The Bajamar
oceanfront golf resort is a master planned golf community located 45 minutes south of the San Diego-Tijuana border along the scenic toll
road to Ensenada. The first Phase will include 22 Merlot 1,150 square-foot single-family homes that features two bedrooms
and two baths. The home includes two primary bedroom suites - one on the first floor and one upstairs, as well as fairway and ocean views
from a rooftop terrace. The Merlot villas will come with the installation of solar packages. 

Emerald
Grove Estates is the Company s newly renovated Southern California property, used for organized events at this 8,000 square
foot event venue. 

Equity-method
investment: 

Rancho
Costa Verde RCVD is a 1,100-acre master planned second home, retirement home and vacation home real estate community
located on the east coast of Baja California. RCV is a self-sustained solar powered green community that takes advantage of the advances
in solar and other green technology. The project consists of approximately 1,200 home sites, of which approximately 1,000 home sites
were sold, and 90 homes completed or under construction. 

In
May 2021, the Company acquired a 25 investment in RCV in exchange for 100,000 and 3,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
and such investment was recorded as an equity-method investment in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company recognized 422,493 of loss from its equity-method investment and fully impaired the remaining carrying cost of its
investment for a total amount of 2,089,337, which reduced the carrying value of its equity method investment at 0 as of December
31, 2022. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Companies
 controlled by Roberto Valdes, our Chief Executive Officer, executed residential plot sales agreements for its Valle Divino project
 and accepted several reservations for home sales to purchase twenty percent (20 inventory for phase I project at its Plaza
 Bajamar. To avoid paying multiple title transfer fees and the extended time for each recording, the seller for both parcels,
 Valdeland, S.A. de C.V. for Plaza Bajamar and Valdetierra S.A de C.V. for Valle Divino, entities controlled and owned by the
 Company s Chief Executive Officer, are in the process of creating a master bank trust. This will provide the Company through
 its Mexican s subsidiary, International Land Alliance, S.A. de C.V., the rights, and interest to each property, including
 buildings and improvements. As demonstrated from the Company s Oasis Park Resort, this will also potentially allow the Company
 to record revenue from its Valle Divino and Plaza Bajamar projects, as sales are made, and individual trusts are established for
 each buyer, pending further review of Mexican trust law. The Company expects to have this trust established by the end of fiscal
 year 2023. The Company recognizes that this has been delayed from our initial projection due to the recent acquisition of the
 remaining 75 of RCVD in early fiscal year 2023 and the resulting accounting consequence. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
 collected approximately 106,500 from plot sales for Valle Divino, which are currently initially reported as contract liability in
 the Company s consolidated balance sheet until individual trusts are established and title transferred to the buyer. The
 Company broke ground on the Valle Divino development in July 2020 and completed its first stage of construction in January 2021 and
 started reservations of residential lots. 

24 

Resumed
 construction and service work at Oasis Park Resort for Phase I of the project. 

Continued
 our research and marketing efforts to identify potential home buyers in the United States, Canada, Europe, and Asia. Through the
 formation of a partnership with a similar development company in the Baja California Norte Region of Mexico, we have been able to
 leverage additional resources with the use of their established and proven marketing plan which can help us with sophisticated execution
 and the desired results for residential plot sales and development. 

Title
 of Oasis Park Resort in San Felipe was assumed during 2019. We are expecting the transfer of title on Valle Divino in Ensenada, Baja
 California and Plaza Bajamar in Ensenada, Baja California before the end of our fiscal year 2023, as we continue to follow the necessary
 steps to complete this legal process. However, there is no assurance that such transfer of title will occur on above timeframe or at all. 

Continued
 efforts to secure financing and strengthen balance by closing several convertible notes with several investors for aggregate principal
 amount of approximately 791,500. 

Results
of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

For the years ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues and lease income 
 - 
 522,696 

Cost of revenue 
 - 
 67,806 

Gross profit 
 - 
 454,890 

Operating expenses 

Sales and marketing 
 1,085,300 
 1,782,000 
 
 Impairment loss 
 4,158,243 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 3,107,457 
 2,875,818 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 8,351,000 
 4,657,818 

Loss from operations 
 (8,351,000 
 (4,202,928 

Other income (expense) 

Other income 
 540 
 91,624 
 
 Loss from equity-method investment 
 (422,493 
 (168,170 
 
 Interest income 
 - 
 18,234 
 
 Loss from related party debt extinguishment 
 (78,508 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value derivative liability 
 (33,992 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,532,186 
 (800,822 
 
 Total other expense 
 (2,066,639 
 (859,134 

Net loss 
 (10,417,639 
 (5,062,062 

25 

Revenues 

Our
total revenue reported for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 0, compared with 522,696 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized 496,797 related to the sale of 20 acres of vacant land and associated improvements
located at the Emerald Grove property in Hemet, California, and 25,899 in rental income activities related to IntegraGreen as the transaction
was previously accounted for pursuant to ASC 842. The sale of the 20 acres of vacant land had a financing component, which is recognized
as interest income in the consolidated statement of operations pursuant to ASC 606. 

As
the Company does not have title of the underlying land for its Divino and Bajamar projects as well as meeting the criteria for a contract
under ASC 606, all proceeds collected from the sale of vacant lots and/or house construction were initially reported under contract liability
in the consolidated balance sheets; however, the Company offsetted the balance of construction in process with the contract liability
with the net balance written off due to the uncertainty pertaining to the transfer of title. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Our
total cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 0 compared with 67,806 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change
is a result of the cost associated with the 20 acres of land sold to IntegraGreen during fiscal year 2021. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses increased to 8,351,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 4,657,818 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The detail
by major category is reflected in the table below. 

Sales
and marketing costs decreased by 696,700 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the fair value of options issued pursuant
to a consulting and real estate sales agreement, which were granted during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company also granted common shares with a fair value of approximately 765,000 with regards to consulting and advisory
services on M A, marketing promotions of the Company real estate projects. 

General
and administrative costs increased by 231,639 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to stock-based compensation,
legal fees and insurance expenses offset by a significant reduction in website design and investor relations. 

Impairment
loss increased by 4,158,243, which results from 2,089,337 impairment of the Company s equity-method investment, 103,234 impairment
attributable to the receivable with A F, a related party, 912,350 impairment of the accumulated construction in progress costs net
of contract liability for our projects at Plaza Bajamar and Valle Divino due to the uncertainty
in the transfer of title of the land from our related party, 766,032 due to the uncertainty in the determination of the market value
of our Oasis Park Resort and 287,290 from the impairment of the Company s receivable towards Integra Green. 

Other
expenses 

Other
expenses increased by 1,207,505 to 2,066,639 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 859,134 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Such
increase is primarily due to a 731,364 increase in interest expense, which results from the additional convertible notes that the
Company secured during fiscal year 2022 to fund its ongoing operations, an increase of 254,323 in the loss from the Company s
share in its equity-method investee and the decrease in other income by 91,084 due to reversal
of default penalties on promissory notes for 100,000 in fiscal year 2021 , an increase of 78,508 of loss from extinguishment
of related party, resulting from the conversion of related party payroll to shares of common stock, offset by a positive change in
fair value of the Company s derivative liability by 378,188. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, t he Company finished the
year ended December 31, 2022, with a net loss of 10,417,639, as compared to a loss of 5,062,062 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
factors that will most significantly affect future operating results will be: 

The
 acquisition of land with lots for sale and house construction. 

The
 sale price of future lots, compared to the sale price of lots in other resorts in Mexico. 

The
 cost to construct a home on the lots to be transferred, and the quality of construction. 

The
 quality of our amenities. 

The
 effectiveness of our sales and marketing strategies. 

The
 global economy and the demand for vacation homes. 

The
 on-going effect of COVID-19 on the US and Global economy. 

The
 access to capital financing to continue the development of our existing projects and acquire new projects. 

Other
than the foregoing we do not know of any trends, events or uncertainties that have had, or are reasonably expected to have, a material
impact on our revenues or expenses. 

26 

Capital
Resources and Liquidity 

Cash
and cash equivalents were approximately 49,400 at December 31, 2022. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements,
we recorded a loss of 10,417,639 and 5,062,062 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Our working capital deficit
at December 31, 2022 was approximately 5.6 million and net cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022,
were approximately 0.5 million. 

These
factors and our limited ability to raise additional capital to accomplish our objectives raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. We expect our expenses will continue to increase during the foreseeable future as a result of increased
operations and the development of our current business operations. We anticipate generating continued revenues over the next twelve months
as we continue to market the sale of lots held for sale and also from home construction, now having assumed title of our Oasis Park Resort
property and expect to assume title to our other properties; however, there can be no assurance that such revenue will be sufficient
to cover our expenses. Consequently, we expect to be dependent on the proceeds from future debt or equity investments to sustain our
operations and implement our business plan. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital, we will be required to delay or forego some
portion of our business plan, which would have a material adverse effect on our anticipated results from operations and financial condition.
There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain necessary amounts of capital or that our estimates of our capital requirements will
prove to be accurate. 

We
presently do not have any significant credit available, bank financing or other external sources of liquidity. Due to our operating losses,
our operations have not been a significant source of liquidity. We will need to acquire other profitable properties or obtain additional
capital in order to expand operations and become profitable. In order to obtain capital, we may need to sell additional shares of our
common stock or borrow funds from private lenders. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional funding. 

To
the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such securities
may result in dilution to existing stockholders. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of debt securities, these securities
may have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to holders of common stock and the terms of such debt could impose restrictions on
our operations. Regardless of whether our cash assets prove to be inadequate to meet our operational needs, we may seek to continue to
compensate providers of services by issuance of stock in lieu of cash, which may also result in dilution to existing shareholders. Even
if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect significant
amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. 

No
assurance can be given that sources of financing will be available to us and/or that demand for our equity/debt instruments will be sufficient
to meet our capital needs, or that financing will be available on terms favorable to us. If funding is insufficient at any time in the
future, we may not be able to take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or may be required to reduce
the scope of our planned development, any of which could have a negative impact on our business and operating results. In addition, insufficient
funding may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, which could require us to: 

Curtail
 our operations significantly, or 

Seek
 arrangements with strategic partners or other parties that may require us to relinquish significant rights to our development of
 resorts and correlated services, or 

Explore
 other strategic alternatives including a merger or sale of our Company. 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was approximately 528,000, which resulted primarily
due to the loss of 10,417,639, offset by stock-based compensation of 1,710,881, fair value of shares issued as settlement of debt
of 1,470,836, impairment loss of 4,158,243, amortization of debt discount of 458,616, depreciation of 52,944, loss from equity
method investment of 422,493, excess of fair value of derivative over the carrying amount of the underlying debt instrument of
 356,784, loss on related party debt extinguishment of 78,508, 33,992 of change in fair value of derivative liability, and
 1,146,281 change in assets and liabilities. 

Net
cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 1,035,678, which resulted primarily due to the loss
of 5,062,062 offset by stock-based compensation of 2,129,266, fair value of shares issued as settlement of debt of 103,470, the fair
value of commitment shares issued with convertible notes for 136,800, fair value of shares issued for service for 387,108, depreciation
expense of 49,673, amortization of debt discount for 296,541, loss from equity-method investment of 168,170, and change in assets
and liabilities of approximately 676,674. 

27 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash flows used in investing activities was 539,935 for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting for the additional funds invested
in developing the infrastructure and amenities to our various projects in Baja California. 

Net
cash flows used in investing activities was 722,050 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The funds were used for the development of
the commercial agriculture at Emerald Grove resort for 100,000, cash consideration of 100,000 for the acquisition of 25 of RCV accounted
for as its equity-method investment and approximately 522,050 for construction at the Company s projects. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 1,060,777 primarily from cash proceeds from
issuance of convertible notes for aggregate amount of 773,250, additional funds received from related party of 793,187, 15,000
from cash proceeds from sale of common stock, offset by repayment on a promissory note of 131,339, and repayment to related party
by 390,621. 

Net
cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 1,801,147 primarily from cash proceeds from issuance
of promissory notes for aggregate amount of 1,186,685, net funding from refinancing of approximately 368,736, sale of common stocks
of 1,804,750, exercise of warrants and options for 100,000, and offset by repayment on a promissory note of 1,659,024. 

As
a result of these activities, we experienced a decrease in cash and cash equivalents of approximately 7,200 for the year ended December
31, 2022, and an increase in cash and cash equivalents of approximately 43,400 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our ability to
continue as a going concern is still dependent on our success in obtaining additional financing from investors. 

Critical
Accounting Polices 

In
December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants list their critical accounting polices in the Management Discussion
and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a critical accounting policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of a
company s financial condition and results, and requires management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often
as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our accounting policies are disclosed
in Note 2 of our audited consolidated financial statements included herein. We consider the following accounting policies critical to
the understanding of the results of our operations: 

Going
 concern. It requires to rely on management s representation on financial forecast. 

Revenue
 recognition. It requires judgement to determine when a contract exists, when performance obligations are met and the estimated variable
 consideration if any. 

Issuance
 of debt with attached financial instruments. Some instruments carry embedded features that require bifurcation from host instrument
 and accounting as derivative liability. 

Accounting
 of the Company s equity-method investment. Indeed, it requires judgement by management to determine whether there is significant
 influence or control over the Company s investee. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating
 policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over these policies. 

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangements 

Since
our inception through December 31, 2022, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

The
recent accounting pronouncements that are material to our financial statements are disclosed in Note 1 of our consolidated audited financial
statements included herein. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
required under Regulation S-K for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our
audited consolidated financial statements are set forth in this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. 

28 

INTERNATIONAL
LAND ALLIANCE, INC. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No: 
 F-2 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No: 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8
 to F-36 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of International Land Alliance, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of International Land Alliance, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related
statements of operations, statement of changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows and the related notes and schedules (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then
ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The financial statements of International
Land Alliance Inc. as of December 31, 2021, were audited by other auditors whose report dated December 31, 2021 expressed an unqualified
opinion on those statements. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered net losses from operations, which raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 2. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis
of a Matter Significant Related Party Transactions. 

As
described in the accompanying notes the Company engages in substantial real estate activities between the Company and other entities
controlled by an officer of the Company. The Company has also borrowed funds from an entity controlled by other officers of the Company. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

 The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going
Concern 

Due
to the net loss for the year, the Company evaluated the need for a going concern.Auditing management s evaluation of a going concern
can be a significant judgement given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues and expenses which are not
able to be substantiated. 

As
discussed in Note 2, the Company has a going concern due to net loss during the year as well as having negative cash flows from operations
during the year ended December 31,2022. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluated the financial information along with management s
plans to mitigate the going concern and management s disclosure on going concern. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 

July
6, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 International
Land Alliance, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of International Land Alliance, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then
ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and
the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced recurring losses from operations, has limited financial
resources to repay its obligations and will require substantial new capital to execute its business plans, which raise substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 1. The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis
of a Matter Significant Related Party Transactions. 

As
described in Notes 3, 4, 5, 8 and 9, the Company engages in substantial real estate activities between the Company and other entities
controlled by an officer of the Company. The Company has also borrowed funds from an entity controlled by other officers of the Company. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. In 2022, we became the predecessor auditor. 

April 15, 2022 

F- 3 

INTERNATIONAL
LAND ALLIANCE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 
 - 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Land 

Land held for sale 
 - 

Buildings, net 

Furniture and equipment, net 

Construction in process 
 - 

Note receivable and accrued interest related party 
 - 

Equity-method investment 
 - 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities related parties 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest related party 

Contract liability 

Deposits 

Derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes, net of debt discounts 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory notes, net of debt discounts 

Promissory notes, net discounts Related Parties 

Promissory notes, net discounts 

Total current liabilities 

Promissory notes, net of current portion 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) 
 - 
 - 

Preferred Stock Series B (Temporary Equity) 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; Series A shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Series B shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Preferred stock value 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

INTERNATIONAL
LAND ALLIANCE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

For the Year Ended, 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenues and lease income 
 - 

Cost of revenue 
 - 

Gross profit 
 - 

Operating expenses 

Sales and marketing 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Other income 

Loss from equity-method investment 

Loss from related party debt extinguishment 
 
 - 
 
 Interest Income 
 - 

Change in fair value derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Total other expense 

Net loss 

Loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

INTERNATIONAL
LAND ALLIANCE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Activity
for the year Ended December 31, 2022 

Series A 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series B 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

Commitment shares issued pursuant to promissory notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common shares pursuant to consulting agreements 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued from options exercise 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common shares issued from related party debt settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Fair value of warrants issued with debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued with lot sale 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Dividend on Series B Preferred 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

Activity
for the year Ended December 31, 2021 

Series A 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series B 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 payable 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Balance, value 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for warrant/options exercise 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock, warrants and plots promised for cash, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued against accrued interest due to related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Commitment shares issued with promissory notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock for debt settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued with equity-method 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued with cash, net of offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Dividend on Series B Preferred 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

Balance, value 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

INTERNATIONAL
LAND ALLIANCE, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

For the Year Ended, 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from extinguishment of related party debt 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of shares issued for debt settlement/modification 

Fair value of commitment shares 
 - 

Fair value of shares issued for services 
 - 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 - 

Depreciation expense 

Excess fair value of derivative over carrying balance of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Loss from equity-method investment 

Change in fair value derivative 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts Receivable 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Other non-current assets 
 - 

Accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest on note receivable 
 - 

Cost of land sold 
 - 

Accounts payable and accrued interest 

Accounts payable and accrued interest-related party 
 
 - 
 
 Contract liability 

Deposit 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from investing 

Cash payment to collaborative agreement 
 - 

Equity-method investee acquisition 
 - 

Additions to Construction in Progress on land not owned 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Common stock and warrants sold for cash 

Common stock issued for warrant exercise 

Cash payments on promissory notes related party 

Cash payments on promissory notes 

Cash proceeds from promissory notes 

Cash proceeds from refinancing 
 - 

Cash proceeds promissory notes Related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in Cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income tax 
 - 
 - 

Non-Cash investing and financing transactions 

Fair value of shares issued for land acquisition 
 - 

Corporate expenses paid by related party advances 

Dividend on Series B 

Conversion of related party debt for common shares 
 
 - 
 
 Additions to fixed assets paid by investor 
 - 

Debt discount from bifurcated derivative 
 
 - 
 
 Debt discount from warrants issued with debt 
 
 - 
 
 Debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Cancellation of previously issued common stock 
 - 

Accrued interest on notes paid by related party 
 - 

Common stock issued with debt modification 
 - 

Common stock issued in settlement of related party debt 
 - 

Common stock issued as consideration for equity-method investment 
 - 

Payment of promissory notes by related party 
 - 

Commitment shares issued with promissory notes 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

INTERNATIONAL
LAND ALLIANCE, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

investment in Rancho Costa Verde Development, LLC RCVD in exchange for 
shares of the Company s common stock at a determined fair value of per
share and 
in cash for total consideration of .
The carrying balance of the Company s investment in RCVD was 
and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (refer to note 9). 

Going
Concern and liquidity 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and
commitments in the normal course of business. 

Management
evaluated all relevant conditions and events that are reasonably known or reasonably knowable, in the aggregate, as of the date the consolidated
financial statements were available to be issued and determined that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to generate
revenues from its properties, raise capital or issue debt instruments. The Company has faced significant liquidity shortages as shown
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s current liabilities exceeded its
current assets by approximately million. The Company has recorded a net loss of million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
and has an accumulated deficit of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. Net cash used in operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022, was approximately million. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company is currently raising additional capital through debt and equity financing in order to continue the funding of its operations,
which may have the effect of diluting the holdings of existing shareholders. 

Management
anticipates that the Company s capital resources will significantly improve if its plots of land gain wider market recognition
and acceptance resulting in increased plot sales. If the Company is not successful with its marketing efforts to increase sales and
weak demand for purchase of plots continues, the Company will continue to experience a shortfall in cash, and it will be necessary
to further reduce its operating expenses in a manner or obtain funds through equity or debt financing in sufficient amounts to avoid
the need to curtail its future operations subsequent to December 31, 2022. The direct impact of these conditions is not fully known. There is also uncertainty pertaining to the transfer of title of the lands currently owned by companies controlled
by our Chief Executive Officer. 

However,
there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to secure additional funds if needed and that if such funds were available on
commercially reasonable terms or in the necessary amounts, and whether the terms or conditions would be acceptable to the Company. In
such case, the reduction in operating expenses might need to be substantial in order for the Company to generate positive cash flow to
sustain the operations of the Company. 

International Land Alliance, S.A. de C.V. (ILA Mexico) 

Emerald Grove Estates, LLC 

Oasis Park Resort, LLC 

Plaza Bajamar, LLC 

Plaza Valle Divino, LLC 

The
fair value of the Company s recorded derivative liability is determined based on unobservable inputs that are not corroborated
by market data, which require a Level 3 classification. A Black-Scholes option valuation model was used to determine the fair value.
The Company records derivative liability on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in the
consolidated statements of operation. 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Change in estimated fair value 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- year 
 - 
 
 Exercise price 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeitures 
 
 - 

The
assumptions used in determining fair value represent management s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change, including changes in the market value of the Company s
common stock, managements assessment, or significant fluctuations in the volatility of the trading market for the Company s
common stock, the Company s fair value estimates could be materially different in the future. 

The
Company computes the fair value of the derivative liability at each reporting period and the change in the fair value is recorded as
non-cash expense or non-cash income. The key component in the value of the derivative liability is the Company s stock price, which
is subject to significant fluctuation and is not under its control, and the assessment of volatility. The resulting effect on net loss
is therefore subject to significant fluctuation and will continue to be so until the Company s variable convertible notes, which
the convertible feature is associated with, are converted into common stock or paid in full with cash. Assuming all other fair value
inputs remain constant, the Company will record non-cash expense when its stock price increases and non-cash income when its stock price
decreases. 

years.
Land is an indefinite live asset that is stated at cost at date of acquisition. 

years 
 
 Furniture
 and equipment 
 
 years 

The
Company recognizes revenue when it transfers control of the land to the buyer. The Company s principal activity in the real estate
development industry, from which it generates its revenues, is the sale of developed and undeveloped land. 

On
September 30, 2019, the Company entered into a contract for deed agreement Agreement with IntegraGreen whose principal
is also a creditor. Under the agreement the Company agreed to the sale of 
acres of vacant land and associated improvements located at the Emerald Grove property in Hemet, California for a total purchase
price of ,
of which 
was paid upon execution and the balance was payable in a balloon payment on October 1, 2026, with interest only payments due on the
1st of each month beginning April 1, 2020. During the duration of the Agreement the Company retains title and is allowed to encumber
the property with a mortgage at its discretion, however Integra Green has the right to use the property. The Company may also evict
Integra Green from the premises in the case of default under the agreement. Effective on October 1, 2021, the Company determined
that the agreement met the definition of a contract pursuant to the guidance in ASU 2014-09 and recognized approximately 
in revenue. Prior to October 1, 2021, the Company s management deemed that there was an embedded lease feature in the
Agreement in accordance with ASC 842. 

Lease income 
 - 

Total Revenue 
 - 

and for the years ended
December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

When
tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities,
while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately
sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the
period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated
with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax
benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the
benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to
the taxing authorities upon examination. Management makes estimates and judgments about our future taxable income that are based on assumptions
that are consistent with our plans and estimates. Should the actual amounts differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance
could be materially impacted. Any adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be recorded in the income statement
for the periods in which the adjustment is determined to be required. Management does not believe that it has taken any positions that
would require the recording of any additional tax liability, nor does it believe that there are any unrealized tax benefits that would
either increase or decrease within the next year. 

Warrants 

Total potentially dilutive shares 

at December 31, 2022
and 2021. Account receivables are written off when all collection attempts have failed. 

acres of land
and a structure for million from an unrelated seller. The property includes the main parcel of land with an existing structure along
with three additional parcels of land which are vacant lots to be used for the purpose of development vacant lots . The
purpose of the transaction was as an investment in real property to be assigned to the Company subsequent to acquisition. The property
was acquired by Mr. Sunstein since it was required by the seller to transfer the property for consideration to an individual versus a
separate legal entity. The transaction closed on March 18, 2019, and the consideration included a loan financed in the amount of 
in addition to cash consideration of which came from a portion of funds loaned by investors of the Company to be repaid as interest
bearing notes payable. On March 18, 2019, Mr. Sunstein assigned the deed of the property to the Company. The mortgage obligation was
assumed by the Company, as approved by the Board of Directors in March 2019. The mortgage loan was not assigned to the Company by the
lender, however the lender acknowledged that the transfer of the property to the Company did not trigger an event of default. The Company
recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value on the date of assignment and assumption. The Company completed the
refinancing of its existing first and second mortgage loans on the 80 acres of land and existing structure of its Emerald Grove property
for aggregate principal amount of , which provided a net funding of approximately during the first fiscal quarter
of 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized of revenue related to the sale of acres of vacant land and associated
improvements located at the Emerald Grove property in Hemet, California, to Integra Green. 

On
October 25, 2020, the Company entered into a business agreement with A F Agriculture LLC A F ), in which the parties
agreed to operate a business for the purpose of commercially cultivating industrial hemp. A F will be the managing party of the business
agreement. The Company will provide A F with the land and water supply for the purpose of the cultivation. All revenue and expenses
associated with the cultivation will be split equally among parties. Franck Ingrande, is the managing member of A F and is also the
President of the Company. On December 14, 2021, the Company executed a rescission agreement with A F, which terminated any and all
of its interest, directly or indirectly, in the lease of a small portion of its land in Southern California for the growing of hemp.
The Company was never in the hemp business and acted strictly as a lessor. Pursuant to the rescission agreement the Company will be paid
 over the next two years, which includes of expenses, fixed assets and improvements incurred by the Company for the
venture. 

Such
amount was presented as note receivable and accrued interest in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The
Company recognized and of interest income related to the note receivable during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The Company fully impaired the balance of such note receivable and related accrued interest for a total amount of , which is presented under impairment loss in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company has included all allowed acquisition costs of in the value of the capitalized assets. The building and land asset values
were assigned using a purchase price allocation based on the appraised land values. The total of the consideration plus acquisition costs
assets of was allocated to land and building in the following amounts: Land; Building. 

The
land is an indefinite long-lived asset that was assessed for impairment as a grouped asset with the building on a periodic basis. The
building has an estimated useful life of years and is being depreciated on a straight-line basis. 

The
carrying balance of the land and building was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization
of the building and construction was approximately and during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

There
was no activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Oasis
Park Title Transfer 

On
June 18, 2019, Baja Residents Club SA de CV BRC ), a related party with common ownership and control by our CEO, Robert
Valdes, transferred title to the Company for the Oasis Park property which was part of a previously held land project consisting of 
acres to be acquired and developed into Oasis Park resort near San Felipe, Baja. It was previously subject to approval by the Mexican
government in Baja, California which was finalized in June 2019. As consideration for the promise to transfer title, the Company previously
issued shares of founder s common stock that was valued at or per common share. No prior accounting was
recorded for this issuance pending resolution of the contingency to transfer title, which was resolved during the year ended December
31, 2019. A portion of this value was allocated to the Oasis Park resort and a portion was allocated to other properties as the Company
continues to receive transfer of title. ILA recorded the property held for sale on its balance sheet in the amount of and accordingly
reduced the value as lots are sold. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company reported a balance for assets held for sale of 
and , respectively. The Company fully impaired the value of its assets held for sale due to the lack of evidential matter to
support the fair value of the property for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company transferred title to individual plots of land to the investors since the Company received this approval of change in transfer
of title to the ILA. As such, the Company recognized revenue for the plot sales previously executed during the year ended December 31
,2019. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold a house construction for , of which has been funded as of December
31, 2022. The Company collected and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such amounts are
presented under contract liability in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold three (3) lots to an affiliate of a related party of the Company for a total purchase
price of , of which was funded as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company was funded
an additional from this party. The amount funded was recorded and reported under contract liability in the Company s consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2022, as the collectability terms were not sufficiently satisfied to qualify for recognition
of revenue under the revised revenue guidance. The remaining unpaid amount owed to the Company was as of December 31, 2022. 

Land held for sale Oasis Park 
 
 - 

Construction in Process 
 
 - 

Furniture equipment, net 
 years 

Building Emerald Grove 
 years 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Building, net 

Depreciation
expense was approximately and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company fully impaired
the carrying balance of its land held for sale and the cost accumulated under construction in process for its Oasis Park project for
total amount of , which is presented under impairment loss in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Valle
Divino 

The
Valle Divino is the Company s premier wine country development project in Ensenada, Baja California. This land project consists
of acres to be acquired from Grupo Jataya, a Company controlled by our Chief Executive Officer and developed into Valle Divino resort,
the acquisition of title to the land for this project is subject to approval from the Mexican government in Baja, California. Valdetierra,
S.A de C.V. is the construction contractor, which is also an entity controlled and 100 owned by Roberto Valdes our Chief Executive Officer.
The Company broke ground of the Valle Divino development in July 2020 and has completed the construction of the clubhouse, wine tasting
room and sales office and commenced site preparation for two model homes including a 1-bedroom and 2- bedroom option. The first Phase
of the development includes 187 homes. This development will also have innovative microgrid solutions by our partner to power the model
home and amenities. 

The
Company funded the construction by an additional and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
balance of construction in process for Valle Divino was and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company
fully impaired the accumulated costs related to its Valle Divino project due to the uncertainty pertaining to the title transfer for
a total amount of which is presented under impairment loss in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Plaza
Bajamar 

The
Plaza Bajamar community is an 80-unit development located within the internationally renowned Bajamar Ocean Front Hotel and Golf Resort.
The Bajamar Ocean Front Golf Resort is an expertly planned, well-guarded, and gated wine and golf community located 45 minutes South
of the San Diego-Tijuana Border along the scenic toll road to Ensenada on the Pacific Ocean. 

Phase
I will include 22 Merlot 1,150 square-foot single-family homes that feature two bedrooms and two baths. The home includes
two primary bedroom suites one on the first floor and one upstairs, as well as fairway and ocean views from a rooftop terrace.
The Merlot villas will come with the installation of solar packages construction in mind. Planned amenities include a pool, wellness
and fitness center and available office space. 

The
Company has not yet taken title to this property, which is currently owned by Valdeland, S.A. de C.V. Valdeland ), an entity
controlled and owned by Roberto Valdes, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. In September 2019, the Company executed a land
purchase agreement with Valdeland, under which the Company is to acquire from Valdeland the Plaza Bajamar property free of liens and
encumbrances for a total consideration of . 

In
November and December 2019, was paid to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Roberto Valdes, of which was used
for the construction of two model Villas at our planned Plaza Bajamar development and as a down payment towards the acquisition
of the land from Valdeland. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock for
total amount of reported under Prepaid and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets towards the purchase of the
land. 

Valdeland
has completed a two-bedroom model home, an enhanced entrance, and interior roads as well as site preparation for four (4) new homes adjacent
to the model home. It has commenced construction on four residential lots following the payment of the required minimum deposits from
buyers. 

The
Company funded the construction by an additional and during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
Valdeland is the construction contractor is also an entity controlled and owned by Roberto Valdes. 

The
balance of construction in process for Plaza Bajamar totaled and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company
fully impaired the accumulated costs related to Plaza Bajamar, due to the uncertainty pertaining to title transfer for a total amount
of , which is presented under impairment loss in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Within
the restricted zone, a foreigner can purchase the beneficial interest in real property through a bank trust or fideicomiso. 
Indeed, a bank trust must be used when acquiring property within the restricted zone. In this bank
trust, the buyer of the property is designated as the fideicomisario or the beneficiary of the trust. While legal title
is held by the bank, (specifically the trustee of the trust or the fiduciario, the trustee must administer the property
in accordance with the instructions of the buyer (the beneficiary of the trust). The property is not an asset of the bank, and the trustee
is obligated to follow every lawful instruction given by the beneficiary to perform legal action. The Company has not yet established
the bank trust, which is anticipated to occur before the end of the fiscal year 2023. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Valdeland sold six (6) house constructions on residential lots for estimated price of million, of which 
million has been paid and collected by the Company and initially presented under contract liability in the consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2022. However, the Company offset the balance of construction in process with the contract liability with the net
balance written off due to the uncertainty pertaining to the transfer of title. 

and in salary during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company has
accrued of compensation in relation to the employment agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022. On December 19, 2022,
the Company converted of compensation into shares of common stock, which resulted in the recognition of of extinguishment loss. The balance owed is as of December 31, 2022. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company issued stock options under the 2022 Plan with a strike price of , vesting on grant date
and the remaining monthly over a twelve-month period from grant date with an estimated fair value of approximately . 

The
Company has accrued of compensation costs in relation to the employment agreement during the year ended December 31, 2021. The
balance owed is as of December 31, 2021. 

On
October 2, 2021, the Company issued stock options under the 2019 Plan with a strike price of , vesting six months after
issuance with contractual term of years for estimated fair value of . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company funded an aggregate amount of million for construction on residential lots, projects amenities
and towards the acquisition of land to companies controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The land for the Plaza Bajamar
and Valle Divino is currently owned by two entities controlled by the Chief Executive Officer (Valdeland S.A de C.V. and Valdetierra
S.A de C.V) and all parties executed land purchase agreement for each project to transfer title of the land to a bank trust or fideicomiso ,
in which the Company will be named the beneficiary of the trust fideicomisario ). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company funded an aggregate amount of to the construction companies owned by the Company s
Chief Executive Officer for the two projects in Ensenada, Baja California. The Company has not
yet established the bank trust, which is anticipated to occur before the end of the fiscal year 2023. The properties at Valle Divino
and Plaza Bajamar have executed promise to purchase agreements between the Company and Roberto Valdes, which require the transfer of
titles of the land free of liens and encumbrances to the Company. There can be no assurance as to what and if any profit might have been
received by our Chief Operating Officer, in his separate company as a result of these transactions. 

Jason
Sunstein - Chief Financial Officer 

Effective
January 1, 2020, the Company executed an employment agreement with Jason Sunstein, its Chief Financial Officer. 

The
Company paid to its Chief Financial Officer salary compensation for services directly related to continued operations of for
the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has accrued of compensation cost in relation to the employment agreement during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 19, 2022, the Company converted of compensation into shares of common stock, which resulted in the recognition of of extinguishment loss. The balance owed is as of December 31, 2022. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company issued stock options under the 2022 Plan with a strike price of , vesting on grant date
and the remaining monthly over a twelve-month period from grant date with an estimated fair value of approximately . 

The
Company paid to its Chief Financial Officer salary compensation for services directly related to continued operations of for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has accrued of compensation cost in relation to the employment agreement during
the year ended December 31, 2021. The balance owed is as of December 31, 2021. 

On
October 2, 2021, the Company issued stock options under the 2019 Plan with a strike price of , vesting six months after
issuance with contractual term of years for estimated fair value of . 

The
Company s Chief Financial Officer is also the managing member of Six Twenty Management LLC, an entity that has been providing ongoing
capital support to the Company (See Note 7). 

The
Company s Chief Financial Officer also facilitated the Emerald Grove asset purchase as described in Note 3. 

The
Company s Chief Financial Officer, through his wholly owned entity Six-twenty Management LLC, has been providing on-going financial
support for the Company s working capital needs (see note 8). 

Frank
Ingrande - President 

On
May 10, 2021, the Company executed an employment agreement with Frank Ingrande, the Company s President, for total annual compensation
of . Pursuant to his employment agreement, the Company also issued shares of common stock of the Company for total fair
value of . 

The
Company paid to its President salary compensation for services directly related to continued operations of for the year ended
December 31, 2022. The Company has accrued of compensation cost in relation to the employment agreement during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

On
December 19, 2022, the Company converted of compensation into shares of common stock, which resulted in the recognition of of extinguishment loss. The balance owed is as of December 31, 2022. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company issued stock options under the 2022 Plan with a strike price of , vesting on grant date
and the remaining monthly over a twelve-month period from grant date with an estimated fair value of approximately . 

On
October 2, 2021, the Company issued stock options under the 2019 Plan with a strike price of , vesting six months after
issuance with contractual term of years for estimated fair value of . 

Frank
Ingrande is the co-founder and owner of of the Company s equity-method investee RCVD. 

Our
President is the managing member of A F. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company fully impaired the carrying
balance of the promissory note for a total amount of since this was never paid,
issued to A F Agricultures, LLC A F ), pursuant to the business agreement executed in October 2020, and
rescinded in December 2021. The promissory note was issued to reimburse the Company for all the land development and investment in
amenities to commence the business venture with A F. 

past maturity 

Elder note payable, interest, due past maturity 

Elder note Payable, interest, due - past maturity 

Redwood Trust note payable, interest, due 

Total Notes Payable 

Less discounts 

Total Promissory notes, net of discount 

Less current portion 

Total Promissory notes, net of discount - long term 
 - 

Interest
expense related to the amortization of the associated debt discount for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and ,
respectively. 

Redwood
Trust 

On
January 21, 2021, the Company refinanced its existing first and second mortgage loans on the acres of land and the structure located
at Sycamore Road in Hemet, California for aggregate amount of , carrying coupon at twelve percent, payable in monthly
interest installments of starting on September 1st, 2021, and continuing monthly thereafter until maturity on ,
at which time all sums of principal and interest then remaining unpaid shall be due and payable. The balloon payment promissory note
is secured by deed of trust. The refinanced amount paid off the first and second mortgage loans with a net funding to the Company of
approximately , net of finders fees. There has been no activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company incurred
 of interest expense and paid of interest, of which was paid by a related party, during the year ended December
31, 2022. Accrued interest was as of December 31, 2022. 

Cash
Call, Inc. In default 

On
March 19, 2018, the Company issued a promissory note to CashCall, Inc. for of cash consideration. The note bears interest at
 , matures on . The Company also recorded a debt discount due to origination fees due at the beginning of the
note, which was fully amortized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company paid down and of the principal during the years
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On
August 2, 2022, the Company and Cash Call settled for an aggregate principal of payable in one lump sum or a series of 9 installments
of . No payment was made under this settlement agreement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the remaining principal balance was . The Company has not incurred any interest expense related
to this promissory note during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Christopher
Elder In default 

On
December 15, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note pursuant to which the Company borrowed . Interest under the promissory
note is per annum, and the principal and all accrued but unpaid interest is due on March 15, 2021. The note is in technical default
as it is past maturity date and the Company failed to repay the outstanding principal and accrued interest. 

The
Company paid down and of the principal during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31,
2022, and 2021, the remaining principal balance was . 

The
Company incurred approximately and of interest during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Accrued
interest was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company also has a balance of owed and currently recorded and presented as accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2022. The Company fully impaired the remaining balance of its receivable as of December 31, 2022, due to uncertainty pertaining
to the capacity to pay of the Company s debtor. 

interest, due July 2023 
 
 - 
 
 1800 Diagonal convertible note#2, interest, due September 2023 
 
 - 
 
 1800 Diagonal convertible note #3, interest, due October 2023 
 
 - 
 
 Mast Hill convertible note, interest, due March 2023 (in default) 
 
 - 
 
 Blue Lake convertible note, interest, due March 2023 (in default) 
 
 - 
 
 Total convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Less discounts 
 
 - 

Total convertible notes, net of discount 
 
 - 

Less current portion 
 
 - 

Total convertible notes, net of discount - long term 
 - 
 - 

Sixth
Street Lending LLC 

On
February 4, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note pursuant to which it borrowed gross proceeds of for net proceeds
of , net of issuance costs of and original issuance discount of . The interest rate under the convertible promissory
note is per year, and the principal and all accrued but unpaid interest are due on February 4, 2023. The note requires ten (10) mandatory
monthly installments of (including a guaranteed starting in March 2022. 

The
note is convertible upon an event of default at the noteholder s option into shares of our common stock at the greater of a fixed
conversion price or discount to the trading price of the Company s common stock, subject to standard anti-dilutive rights. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid its required monthly installments for aggregate amount of , consisting of
 of principal and applied against accrued interest. 

The
Company initially recognized of debt discount resulting from the original issue discount and the deferred financing costs. The
Company amortized the full through interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company fully paid off all balances due to Sixth Street Landing LLC. 

Mast
Hill Fund, L.P Mast note )- In technical default 

On
March 23, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note pursuant to which it borrowed gross proceeds of for net proceeds
of , net of issuance costs of and original issuance discount of . The interest rate under the convertible promissory
note is per year, and the principal and all accrued but unpaid interest are due on March 23, 2023. The note requires eight (8) mandatory
monthly installments of starting in July 2022. 

Additionally,
as an incentive to the note holder, the securities purchase agreement also provided for the issuance of shares of common stock
with fair value of approximately , which were fully earned at issuance, and warrants to purchase an equivalent number
of shares of common stock at an exercise price of and a term of . The note is convertible upon an event of default at
the noteholder s option into shares of our common stock at a fixed conversion price of , subject to standard anti-dilutive
rights. The conversion price of the convertible debt and the strike price of the warrants should be adjusted to the new effective conversion
price following subsequent dilutive issuances. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not pay any principal or interest on the Mast note. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company was able to extend the required amortization payments at three instances, pursuant to the terms of the underlying
agreement, for a total penalty paid of . The principal balance owed to Mast Hill Fund is as of December 31, 2022. Accrued
interest totaled approximately as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company is in technical default as the Company (i) consummated a variable rate transaction with another lender and (ii) failed to make
the required installment payment as required under the terms of the agreement. The Company has not yet received any default notice from
the investor. Upon event of default, the Company is required to pay the outstanding principal plus accrued interest and a default penalty
which is equal to of the principal and accrued interest. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued as default penalty, which is presented in accounts payable and accrued liabilities
in the consolidated balance sheet. 

The
Company initially recognized 
of debt discount resulting from the original issue discount, the deferred financing costs, the fair value assigned to the commitment
shares and the warrants. The Company amortized 
through interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance of the unamortized debt discount is 
as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognized additional interest of approximately from the fair value of the warrants in the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company incurred approximately of interest expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. Accrued interest was as
of December 31, 2022. 

Blue
Lake Partners LLC Blue Lake note In technical default 

On
March 28, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note pursuant to which it borrowed gross proceeds of for net proceeds
of , net of issuance costs of and original issuance discount of . The interest rate under the convertible promissory
note is per year, and the principal and all accrued but unpaid interest are due on March 28, 2023. The note requires eight (8) mandatory
monthly installments of starting in July 2022. Additionally, as an incentive to the note holder, the securities purchase agreement
provided for the issuance of shares of common stock with fair value of approximately , which were fully earned at issuance,
and warrants for the purchase of an equivalent number of shares of common stock at an exercise price of and a term of . 

The
note is convertible upon an event of default at the noteholder s option into shares of our common stock at a fixed conversion price
of , subject to standard anti-dilutive rights. With the issuance of a variable rate transaction with any new investor, the conversion
price of the convertible debt and the strike price of the warrants should be adjusted down to the new effective conversion price. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not pay any principal or interest on the Blue Lake note. The principal balance owed
to Blue Lake Partners is as of December 31, 2022. Accrued interest totaled approximately as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company is in technical default of the note as the Company (i) consummated a variable rate transaction with another lender and (ii) failed
to make the required installment payment as required under the terms of the agreement. The Company has not yet received any default notice
from the investor. Upon event of default, the Company is required to pay the outstanding principal plus accrued interest and a default
penalty which is equal to of the principal and accrued interest. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued as default penalty, which is presented in accounts payable and accrued interest in
the consolidated balance sheet. 

The
Company initially recognized 
of debt discount resulting from the original issue discount, the deferred financing costs, the fair value assigned to the commitment
shares and the warrants. The Company amortized 
through interest expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance of the unamortized debt discount is 
as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognized additional interest of approximately from the fair value of the warrants in the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

1800
Diagonal Lending Inc. Diagonal note 

Diagonal
note #1 

On
July 28, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note pursuant to which it borrowed gross proceeds of for net proceeds
of , net of issuance costs of . Interest rate under the convertible promissory note is per year, and the principal and
all accrued but unpaid interest are due on July 28, 2023. . The note includes a penalty premium on unpaid principal and interest upon an event of default. 

The
principal balance of Diagonal note #1 is as of December 31, 2022. The Company incurred approximately of interest expenses
during the year ended December 31, 2022. Accrued interest was as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company initially recognized of debt discount resulting from the original issue discount and the deferred financing costs. The
Company amortized through interest expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance of the unamortized debt discount
is as of December 31, 2022. 

Diagonal
note #2 

On
September 2, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note pursuant to which it borrowed gross proceeds of for net proceeds
of , net of issuance costs of . Interest rate under the convertible promissory note is per year, and the principal and
all accrued but unpaid interest are due on September 2, 2023. . The note includes a penalty premium on unpaid principal and interest upon an event
of default. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not pay any principal or interest on Diagonal note #2. The principal balance owed to
Diagonal is as of December 31, 2022. The Company incurred approximately of interest expenses during the year ended December
31, 2022. Accrued interest was as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company initially recognized of debt discount resulting from the original issue discount and the deferred financing costs. The
Company amortized through interest expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance of the unamortized debt discount
is as of December 31, 2022. 

Diagonal
note #3 

On
October 17, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note pursuant to which it borrowed gross proceeds of for net proceeds
of , net of issuance costs of . Interest under the convertible promissory note is per year, and the note includes
a guaranteed . 

The
maturity date of the note is October 17, 2023. The convertible note is contingently convertible upon an event of default, and the conversion
price is the greater of a fixed rate or a discount to the market price. The note requires ten (10) monthly installment payments of 
starting on November 30, 2022. 

The
Company used from the proceeds to pay off the balance of Sixth Street Lending LLC. 

The
Company incurred approximately of interest expenses and paid of interest during the year ended December 31, 2022. Accrued
interest was as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company initially recognized of debt discount resulting from the original issue discount and the deferred financing costs. The
Company amortized through interest expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance of the unamortized debt discount
is as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid of principal pursuant to the terms of the note. The balance of the Diagonal
note #3 is as of December 31, 2022. 

Six-Twenty Management LLC On demand 

Lisa Landau On demand 

Total promissory notes, net of discount current 

Six
Twenty Management LLC Six-Twenty 

Jason
Sunstein, the Company s Chief Financial Officer is also the managing member and owner of Six Twenty Management LLC, an entity
that has been providing ongoing capital support to the Company. 

On
March 31, 2021, the Company executed a non-convertible promissory note with Six Twenty for an initial amount funded of and carrying
a coupon of eight percent and a maturity of twelve months. Six-Twenty subsequently funded the Company for additional cash of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Six Twenty funded an additional and the Company repaid . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid in cash towards the non-convertible promissory note. Six-Twenty paid two
of the installments related to the Labrys note (See Note 6) for total amount of and the Company paid of expenses related
to the related party, which decreased the principal owed. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance owed to Six-Twenty was and , respectively. 

The
Company incurred 
and 
of interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest was 
and 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to note 5 for disclosures on related party. 

RAS,
LLC (past maturity) 

On
October 25, 2019, the Company issued a promissory note to RAS, LLC RAS , a company managed by Lisa Landau, which is a relative
to the Company s Chief Financial Officer for . The proceeds of the note were largely used to repay shareholder loans and
other liabilities. The loan bears interest at , and also carries a default coupon rate of . The loan matured on April 25, 2020,
and is secured by common shares and a Second Deed of Trust for property in Hemet, CA (Emerald Grove). Additionally, as an incentive
to the note holder, the Company was required to issue to the holder shares of common stock valued at , which was recorded
as a debt discount as of December 31, 2019. 

The
outstanding balance is and at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company repaid during the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Interest
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company paid in cash of interest. Accrued interest was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock against of accrued interest. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid in cash of interest and was paid directly by RAS to the creditor, which increased
the principal owed to RAS as of December 31, 2021. 

Lisa
Landau 

Lisa
Landau is a relative to the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Lisa Landau funded an aggregate amount of and directly paid
corporate expenses in the amount of on behalf of the Company and was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Lisa Landau advanced approximately for additional improvements at Emerald Grove and 
of corporate expenses. The Company has repaid in cash during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
principal balance was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The advances are on demand but do not carry
any interest. 

investment in Rancho Costa Verde Development, LLC RCVD in exchange for 
shares of the Company s common stock at a determined fair value of per share and in cash for total consideration
of . The fair value of the non-monetary exchange was determined based on a valuation report obtained from an independent third-party
valuation firm. The fair value of the Company s common stock was determined based on a weighted combination of market approach
and asset approach. The market approach estimates fair value based on a weighted average between the listed price of the Company s
common share and the Company s recent private transaction adjusted for a lack of marketability discount. 

The
investment has been accounted for under the equity method. It was determined that the Company does not have the power to direct the activities
that most significantly impact RCVD s economic performance, and therefore, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of RCVD and
RCVD was not consolidated under the variable interest model. 

Rancho
Costa Verde is a -acre master planned second home, retirement home, and vacation home real estate community located on the east
coast of Baja California, Mexico. RCVD is a self-sustained solar powered green community that takes advantage of the advances in solar
and other green technology. 

The
investment was recorded at cost, which was determined to be . A total of shares of common stock were issued as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses 

Interest expense 

Net loss 

Balance sheet 

Current assets 

Non-current assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Based
on its equity investment, the Company has recorded a loss from equity investment of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company impaired the remaining balance of its equity-method investment for a total amount of 
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

acres
to be acquired from Baja Residents Club (a Company controlled by our CEO Roberto Valdes) and developed into Valle Divino resort in
Ensenada, Baja California, the acquisition of title to the land for this project is subject to approval from the Mexican government
in Baja, California . Although management believes that the transfer of title to the land will be approved before the end of
the Company fiscal year end 2023, there is no assurance that such transfer of title will be approved in that time frame or at all.
The Company has promised to transfer title to the plots of land to the investors who have invested in the Company once the Company
receives an approval of change in transfer of title to the Company through a Fideicomiso. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021,
Valdetierra S.A de C.V., a company controlled and 
owned by Roberto Valdes our Chief Executive Officer, has entered into fifteen (15) and thirteen (13) contracts for deed agreements
to sell lots of land, respectively. The proceeds are collected by the Company and initially presented under contract liability in
the consolidated balance sheets; however, the Company netted the balance in contract liability for 
against the related capitalized construction in process, with the remaining net balance fully impaired and recorded under impairment
loss in the consolidated statement of operation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Land
purchase- Plaza Bajamar 

On
September 25, 2019, the Company, entered into a definitive Land Purchase Agreement with Valdeland, S.A. de C.V., a Company controlled
by our CEO Roberto Valdes, to acquire approximately one acre of land with plans and permits to build 34 units at the Bajamar Ocean Front
Golf Resort located in Ensenada, Baja California. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the total purchase price is , payable
in a combination of a new series of preferred stock (with a stated value of ), shares of common stock, a promissory note
in the amount of , and an initial construction budget of payable upon closing. The closing is subject to obtaining the
necessary approval by the City of Ensenada and transfer of title, which includes the formation of a wholly owned Mexican subsidiary.
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the agreement has not yet closed. 

The
total budget was established at approximately , inclusive of lots construction, of which approximately has been paid,
leaving a firm commitment of approximately as of December 31, 2022. 

Commitment
to Sell Land 

On
September 30, 2019, the Company entered into a contract for deed agreement Agreement with IntegraGreen whose principal,
Christopher Elder, is also a creditor. Under the agreement the Company agreed to the sale of acres of vacant land and associated improvements
located at the Emerald Grove property in Hemet, California for a total purchase price of , was paid upon execution and
the balance is payable in a balloon payment on October 1, 2026, with interest only payments due on the 1st of each month beginning April
1, 2020. During the duration of the Agreement the Company retains title and is allowed to encumber the property with a mortgage at its
discretion, however IntegraGreen has the right to use the property. The Company may also evict IntegraGreen from the premises in the
case of default under the agreement. The principal owed under the agreement is . 

Due
to the nature of the Agreement, the Company s management deemed that there was an embedded lease feature in the agreement in accordance
with ASC 842. As a result, the initial payment of was classified as a deposit. Upon an event of default in which case the payment
is non-refundable, and the Company no longer has any obligation to provide access to the land. The interest payments will be recognized
monthly as lease income. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized 0 and in lease income, respectively. Effective on October
1, 2021, the Company determined that the agreement met the definition of a contract pursuant to the guidance in ASU 2014-09 and recognized
approximately in revenue. 

The
Company recognized and of interest related to the financing component of the sale pursuant to ASC 606, during the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest is presented in the other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company recognized and of interest related to the seller carry back, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Interest is presented in the other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December31, 2021.
The Company fully impaired the carrying balance of its account receivable owed by IntegraGreen as of December 31, 2022. 

Oasis
Park Resort construction budget 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company engaged a general contractor to complete phase I of the project including the two-mile
access road and the community entrance structure. Contractor also commenced phase II construction including the waterfront clubhouse,
casitas, and model homes. The total budget was established at approximately , of which approximately has been paid,
leaving a firm commitment of approximately as of December 31, 2022. 

Litigation
Costs and Contingencies 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm business. Management is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that could have, individually or in the aggregate,
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

authorized common shares and authorized preferred shares,
both with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were and shares of common stock
issued and outstanding, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, shares of Series A Preferred Stock were
issued and outstanding and shares of Series B Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

On
October 14, 2021, the Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s articles of incorporation to increase the Company s
authorized common stock, par value from shares to and to effect a reverse split in a ratio of not less
than 1 for 2 and not more than 1 for 12. The Company has not yet initiated any reverse split as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity
Incentive Plans 

2022
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). Pursuant
to the 2022 Plan, the Company has reserved a total of shares of the Company s common stock to be available under the
2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan was never approved by the stockholders. Therefore, any options granted under the 2022 Plan prior to stockholder
approval will be non-qualified . The Company granted options during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company
has options issued and outstanding under the 2022 Plan as of December 31, 2022. 

2020
Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Company has reserved a total of shares of the authorized common stock for issuance under the 2020 Equity Plan. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company has granted options under the 2020 Plan and options were exercised, leaving
a balance of options issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2019
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
February 11, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ). In order
for the 2019 Plan to grant qualified stock options to employees, it required approval by the Corporation s shareholders
within 12 months from the date of the 2019 Plan. The 2019 Plan was never approved by the shareholders. Therefore, any options granted
under the 2019 Plan prior to shareholder approval will be non-qualified . Pursuant to the 2019 Plan, the Company has reserved
a total of shares of the Company s common stock to be available under the 2019 Plan. No options under the 2019 Plan were
issued, cancelled, forfeited, or exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has options issued and outstanding
under the 2019 Plan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Common
Stock 

All
shares of common stock issued during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, were unregistered. 

Common
Stock Issued for Services: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock pursuant to consulting agreements
for a total value of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock in connection with consulting, advisory
and finders fee agreements for a total value of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares to the Company s President in accordance with an executed employment
agreement valued at . 

Common
Stock Issued for Cash: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received in cash for the issuance of shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received in cash for the issuance of shares of common stock. 

Common
Stock Issued from warrants and options exercise: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock from the exercise of stock options for
a total cash consideration of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for total consideration of from warrants
exercise. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock from option exercise for total consideration of
 . 

Common
Stock sold with a Promise to Deliver Title to Plot of Land and Warrants: 

On
December 8, 2020, the Company received cash proceeds of for shares of common stock to be issued to a third-party investor.
In conjunction with this sale of shares, the Company also attached one (1) plot of land. The total cash proceeds of was allocated
based upon the relative fair value of the shares and one (1) promised plot of land in the following amounts: shares were valued at ;
and plot of land was valued at . The shares were issued on March 1, 2021. 

On
December 31, 2020, the Company received cash proceeds of for shares of common stock to be issued to a third-party investor.
In conjunction with this sale of shares, the Company also attached one (1) plot of land. The total cash proceeds of was allocated
based upon the relative fair value of the shares and one (1) promised plot of land in the following amounts: shares were valued at ;
and plot of land was valued at . The shares were issued on March 1, 2021. 

On
April 22, 2021, the Company received cash proceeds of for shares of common stock to be issued to a third-party investor.
In conjunction with this sale of shares, the Company also attached one (1) plot of land. The total cash proceeds of was allocated
based upon the relative fair value of the shares and one (1) promised plot of land in the following amounts: shares were valued at ;
and plot of land was valued at . 

There
was no activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock Issued for debt settlement: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the settlement of related party debts in the
aggregate amount of . 

On
December 31, 2020, the Company executed amendments to promissory notes with six (6) existing investors to extend the maturity date for
the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately . These shares were issued on
January 1, 2021. 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock in conjunction with previously executed promissory
notes. These shares were previously recorded as stock payable for aggregate fair value of approximately . 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock in conjunction with executed amendments to previously
executed promissory notes. These shares were issued with an estimated fair value of . 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with fair value of as payment for accrued interest related
to a promissory note with related party. 

On
February 25, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock as commitment shares in accordance with the terms of one of its senior
secured self-amortization convertible note with aggregate fair value of . 

On
July 1, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock in conjunction with executed amendments to previously
executed promissory notes. These shares were issued with an estimated fair value of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with fair value of following a late remittance
of an installment related to a prior self-amortization note. 

Common
Stock Issued for equity-method investment: 

On
May 14, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of for the acquisition of of the membership
interest of Rancho Costa Verde Development (See note 9). 

Common
Stock issued following registered offering (July 2021 offering): 

On
July 26, 2021, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with certain institutional and accredited investors for the issuance
and sale of shares of the Company s common stock at a closing price of per share. The issuance also includes an
equivalent number of warrants convertible into an equivalent number of the Company s common stock at a strike price of . The
gross proceeds of the financing were and the net proceeds were approximately . 

Commitment
shares issued with promissory notes: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued commitment shares in connection with the issuance of convertible notes for
an aggregate fair value of . 

Preferred
Stock 

On
November 6, 2019, the Company authorized and issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock Series B and shares
of common stock to CleanSpark Inc. in a private equity offering for . Management determined that the Series B should not be classified
as liability per the guidance in ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity as of December 31, 2022, even though the conversion would
require the issuance of variable number of shares since such obligation is not unconditional. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, Management
recorded the value attributable to the Series B of as temporary equity on the consolidated balance sheets since the instrument
is contingently redeemable at the option of the holder. The Company recognized the beneficial conversion feature BCF that arises from a contingent conversion feature, since the instrument reached maturity during the year ended December 31, 2020. The
Company recognized such BCF as a discount on the convertible preferred stock. The amortization of the discount created by a BCF recognized
as a result of the resolution of the contingency is treated as a deemed dividend that reduced net income in arriving at income available
to common stockholders. The holder can convert the Series B into shares of common stock at a discount of to the market price. 

The
terms and conditions of the Series B include an in-kind accrual feature, which provides for a cumulative accrual at a rate of per
annum of the face amount of the Series B. The Company has recognized of dividend on Series B during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, aggregating the total accrual to and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The recognition
of the in-kind accrual was reported in Additional Paid In Capital on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

Management believes that it has never been in default of any covenant pursuant to the
terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Company has not been served with any notice of default stating the specific default events.
As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, the parties are cooperating to resolve this matter. 

The
Company did not issue any share of preferred stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Stock
Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeit/Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Number of Options 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contract Term (Year) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeit/Canceled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Options
outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, had aggregate intrinsic value of and , respectively. At December 31, 2022,
the total unrecognized deferred share-based compensation expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average vesting periods
of years for outstanding grants was approximately million. 

- years 
 years 
 
 Strike price 
 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividends 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeitures 

Warrants 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeit/Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contract Term (Year) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeit/Canceled 

- 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

- 

Market price per share 

Life of instrument in years 
 years 
 years 
 
 Volatility 

Dividend yield 

million and
 
million, respectively. Management expects the limitation placed on the federal net operating loss carryforwards prior to the
ownership change will likely expire unused. As of December 31, 2022, all tax years are open for examination by the taxing
authorities. 

Due
to the enactment of the Tax Reform Act of 2017, the corporate tax rate for those tax years beginning with 2018 has been reduced to . 

of its equity-method investment in RCVD for a total contractual purchase
price of , which was be paid by the issuance of a five percent secured convertible note in aggregate principal amount
of payable in quarterly installments of beginning on March 31, 2023, and continuing until March 31, 2024, 
shares of common stock and warrants to acquire an equivalent number of common shares at a strike price of and expiration
date of five years from grant date. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the conversion of convertible debt in the principal
amount of . 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company paid an aggregate of approximately 
in cash against its convertible notes with 1800 Diagonal, effectively retiring two of the three convertible notes. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company secured another convertible note with 1800 Diagonal for a principal amount of and net funding
of . The note carries an interest rate of and is convertible at the greater of a fixed rate or a discount to market. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company converted in principal and accrued interest with the issuance of shares of common stock
to a holder of convertible notes. 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued
 shares of common stock pursuant to a cashless exercise of warrant shares. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to consulting agreements. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with one investor under which the Company issued 
shares of Series C preferred stock at a price of 
per share for gross proceeds of .
As an inducement to the financing, the Company reduced the strike price of such investor previously owned 
stock warrants from 
to 
and issued an additional 
warrants convertible into an equivalent number of shares of common stock, at a strike price of .
The proceeds will be used to fund the Company s working capital. 

Management
has evaluated subsequent events pursuant to the issuance of the consolidated financial statements and has determined that, other than
listed above, no other reportable subsequent events exist through the date of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 36 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, being December 31, 2022. This evaluation was carried
out under the supervision of, and with the participation of, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Based
upon that evaluation, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective as of the end of the period covered
by this annual report due to the material weaknesses indicated below. We intend to implement additional procedures to improve disclosure
controls. 

MANAGEMENT S
ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING . 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

As
a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which are indicative
of many small companies with limited personnel: 

Lack
 of qualified and sufficient personnel, and processes to adequately and timely identify any and all required public disclosures. 

Deficiencies
 in the period-end reporting process and accounting policies. 

Inadequate
 internal controls over the application of new accounting principles or the application of existing accounting principles to new transactions. 

Inadequate
 internal controls relating to the authorization, recognition, capture, and review of transactions, facts, circumstances, and events
 that could have a material impact on the Company s financial reporting processes. 

Inadequate
 controls over maintenance of records. 

Management
has assigned a priority to the short-term and long-term improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. 

The
Company plans to: 

Continue
 to outsource the bookkeeping and technical accounting functions to external consulting firms due to the lack of internal resources. 

Emphasize
 the importance of, and monitor the sustained compliance with, the execution of our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Work
 with our third-party service provider to ensure that our accounting and reporting for income taxes are timely and accurate 

CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROLS 

No
change in our system of internal control over financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this report, that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Not
applicable. 

29 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

Our
Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of no more than three (3) directors. Each director of the Company serves until
his successor is elected and qualified, subject to removal by the Company s shareholders. Each officer holds office for such term
and exercises such powers and performs such duties as are determined by the Board of Directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Roberto
 Jesus Valdes 
 
 53 
 
 Principal
 Executive Officer and a Director. 

Jason
 Sunstein 
 
 50 
 
 Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer and a Director. 

Frank
 Ingrande 
 
 59 
 
 President
 and a Director 

Roberto
Jesus Valdes 

Mr.
Valdes has been the President of Grupo Valcas, Baja Residents Club, S.A. de, C.V. since 2004, and was the Assistant in the Grupo Valcas
Design Department from 1989 to 1991. From 1991 through 2004, Mr. Valdes was a member of the Board of Directors, DUBCSA Bajamar
Ocean Front Resort Master Developer. During his term as a director, he acted as Project Director for Grupo Valcas. His projects have
included: 

La
 Serena Condominiums, Ensenada, 1992-1994 

La
 Quinta Bajamar Condominiums, Ensenada, 1994-1996 

Oceano
 at Bajamar residential development, Ensenada, 1996-1998 

Oceano
 Diamante residential development, Ensenada, 2000 

Costa
 Bajamar condominiums, Ensenada, 2004-2005 

Mr.
Valdes has been one of our officers and directors since October 2013. 

Jason
Sunstein 

Mr.
Sunstein brings finance, mergers and acquisitions and general management experience. Since 1989, he has participated in a broad
variety of both domestic and international structured investments and financings, ranging from debt and preferred stock to equity
and developmental capital across a wide variety of infrastructure and corporate financings. He has been involved in numerous
start-ups, turnarounds and public companies. Mr. Sunstein serves on the Board of Directors of several public and private companies.
In December 2014 Mr. Sunstein filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy, and he was discharged on May 2015. He attended San Diego State
University where he majored in Finance and has held NASD Series 7 (General Securities Representative) and Series 63
licenses. 

Mr.
Sunstein has been one of our officers and directors since October 2013. 

Frank
Ingrande 

Mr.
Ingrande is the Co-founder of Rancho Costa Verde Development, the Company s equity-method investee. He is a native San Diego resident
with over 30 years of experience in the second-home industry and more than 20 years in the second-home market in Mexico. Mr. Ingrande
has direct experience in acquiring, developing, and marketing real estate in Mexico. His educational background includes a Bachelor of
Business Administration degree and a Master of Business Administration degree with an emphasis in Entrepreneurship and International
Business from the University of San Diego. Mr. Ingrande holds a California Real Estate Salesperson License. 

Mr.
Sunstein has been one of our officers since May 2021. 

30 

Term
of Office 

All
officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders, and until their successors
have been duly elected and qualified or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. There are no agreements with respect
to the election of directors. We have not compensated our directors for service on our board of directors, any committee thereof, or
reimbursed for expenses incurred for attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors and/or any committee of our board of directors.
Officers are appointed annually by our board of directors and each executive officer serves at the discretion of our board of directors.
We do not have any standing committees. Our board of directors may in the future determine to pay directors fees and reimburse
directors for expenses related to their activities. 

None
of our officers and/or directors have filed any bankruptcy petition, been convicted of or been the subject of any criminal proceedings
or the subject of any order, judgment or decree involving the violation of any state or federal securities laws within the past five
(5) years. 

Board
Committees 

Audit
Committee 

We
do not have a standing audit committee of the Board of Directors. Management has determined not to establish an audit committee at present
because of our limited resources and limited operating activities do not warrant the formation of an audit committee or the expense of
doing so. We do not have a financial expert serving on the Board of Directors or employed as an officer based on management s belief
that the cost of obtaining the services of a person who meets the criteria for a financial expert under Item 401(e) of Regulation S-B
is beyond its limited financial resources. 

Code
of Ethics 

To
date, we have not adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. The Company
does not believe that a formal written code of ethics is necessary at this time. We expect that the Company will adopt a code of ethics
if and when the board of directors deems it is necessary. 

Our
directors will serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are duly elected and have qualified. Officers
hold their positions at the pleasure of the board of directors, absent any employment agreement, of which none currently exists or is
contemplated. There is no arrangement or understanding between any person pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected
as a director or officer, and there is no arrangement, plan or understanding as to whether non-management shareholders will exercise
their voting rights to continue to elect directors to our board. There are also no arrangements, agreements or understandings between
non-management shareholders that may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management of our affairs. Our Board of Directors
does not have any committees at this time. 

Potential
Conflicts of Interest 

Since
we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors or any independent directors on our board, the functions
that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in
that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect
management decisions. We have disclosed throughout this Annual Report all potential Conflicts of interest involving the Company s
executive officers as disclosed in notes 3, 4 5, 8 and 9. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executives
or directors. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether any director has a material relationship
with us that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities. As a result of this
review, our board of directors determined that our directors do not meet the independence requirements, according to the applicable rules
and regulations of the SEC. 

31 

Corporate
Governance 

There
have been no changes in any state law or other procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.
In addition to having no nominating committee for that purpose, we currently have no specific audit committee and no audit committee
financial expert. Based on the fact that our current business affairs are simple, any such committees are excessive and beyond the scope
of our business and needs. 

Family
Relationships 

Mr.
Sunstein and Ms. Landau are brother and sister. Ms. Landau is a former executive officer and former Secretary of the Company and a shareholder
of the Company. The Company issued a promissory note to RAS, LLC RAS , a company controlled by Ms. Landau. 

Indemnification
of Executive Officers and Directors 

Section
17-16-856 of the Wyoming Business Corporation Act provides that any director or officer of a Wyoming corporation may be indemnified against
judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by him in connection with or in defending any action,
suit or proceeding in which he is a party by reason of his position, so long as it shall be determined that he conducted himself in good
faith and that he reasonably believed that his conduct was in the corporation s best interest and, with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. If a director or officer is wholly successful,
on the merits or otherwise, in connection with such proceeding, such indemnification is mandatory. 

Currently
we do maintain any directors and officers liability insurance covering our directors and officers against expenses and
liabilities arising from certain actions to which they may become subject by reason of having served in such role. 

At
present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers, employees or agents where indemnification
will be required under California law. We are not aware of any threatened litigation or preceding that might result in a claim for such
indemnification. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling
persons pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities
being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

We
do not offer retirement benefit plan to our named executive officers, nor have we entered into any contract, agreement, plan or arrangement,
whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to a named executive officer at, or in connection with, the resignation, retirement
or other termination of a named executive officer, or a change in control of the company or a change in the named executive officer s
responsibilities following a change in control. 

 We
do not have any standard arrangement for compensation of our directors for any services provided as director, including services for
committee participation or for special assignments. 

The
Company does not have a compensation committee. Given the nature of the Company s business, its limited stockholder base and the
current composition of management, the board of directors does not believe that the Company requires a compensation committee at this
time. 

32 

The
information required by Regulation S-K Item 407(e)(4), Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and
Item 407(e)(5), Compensation Committee Report, is not required because the Company is a smaller reporting company. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding each element of compensation that we paid or awarded to our named executive officers,
for the two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, which includes cash compensation, stock options awarded and all other compensation: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year Ended 
Dec. 31 
 Salary/Fees ) (1) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) (4) 
 Option Awards )(2) (3) (4) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in pension value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Roberto Jesus 
 2022 
 132,152 
 - 
 - 
 53,825 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 185,977 
 
 Valdez, CEO and a Director 
 2021 
 135,232 
 - 
 - 
 270,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 405,232 

Jason Sunstein, 
 2022 
 132,152 
 - 
 - 
 53,825 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 185,977 
 
 CFO and a Director 
 2021 
 135,232 
 - 
 - 
 270,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 405,232 

Frank Ingrande, 
 2022 
 132,152 
 - 
 - 
 53,825 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 185,977 
 
 President and a Director 
 2021 
 86,423 
 - 
 66,000 
 134,937 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 287,360 

(1) 
 Effective
 January 1, 2020, the Company executed employment agreements with our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The base
 salary is in the amount of 120,000 per annum, a 500 monthly auto stipend and four weeks of paid vacation. On May 10, 2021, the
 Company executed an employment agreement with our President including a base salary of 120,000 per annum and a 500 monthly auto
 stipend and four weeks of paid vacation. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid 16,561, 20,000, and 20,000
 to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and President, respectively. 

(2) 
 On
 October 2, 2021, the Company awarded 500,000 options to each our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and 250,000
 options to our President under the 2019 Plan, with strike price of 0.50, contractual term of five years with a vesting schedule
 of 100 six months after the grant date. The call option was valued at 0.61. 

(3) 
 In
 May 2021, the Company issued 50,000 shares of common stock valued at 66,000 pursuant to employment agreement. No share of common
 stock was issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(4) 
 On
 December 1, 2022, the Company awarded 465,833 to each of our named executives under the 2022 Plan, with a strike price of 0.20 and
 a contractual term of five (5) years. The options vest 25 on grant date and 75 monthly over the twelve months from grant date.
 The call option was valued at 0.20. 

33 

Employment
Agreement 

Effective
January 1, 2020, we have entered into employment agreements with our executive officers and their compensation is determined at the discretion
of our Board of Directors. 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement with the Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2020, to perform the duties and responsibilities
as may be assigned. The base salary is in the amount of 120,000 per annum, a 500 monthly auto stipend, and four weeks of paid vacation. 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement with the Chief Financial Officer on January 1, 2020, to perform the duties and responsibilities
as may be assigned. The base salary is in the amount of 120,000 per annum, a 500 monthly auto stipend, and four weeks of paid vacation. 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement with the President on May 10, 2021. The base salary is in the amount of 120,000 per annum,
a 500 monthly auto stipend, and four weeks of paid vacation and an incentive bonus of 50,000 shares of common stock pursuant to S-8. 

Stock
Options Plan 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 

On
February 11, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ). In order
for the 2019 Plan to grant qualified stock options to employees, it required approval by the Corporation s shareholders
within 12 months from the date of the 2019 Plan. The 2019 Plan was never approved by the shareholders. Therefore, any options granted
under the 2019 Plan prior to shareholder approval will be non-qualified . 

Pursuant
to the 2019 Plan, the Company has reserved a total of 3,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be available under the
plan. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, ILA has 2,150,000 options issued and outstanding. The Company did not issue any stock options
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has issued 1,550,000 options at a strike price of 0.50, which vest six months after issuance
and contractual term of 5 years. The Company recognized approximately 418,000 of stock-based compensation during the year ended December
31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of these stock options has been fully recognized and no further stock-based compensation
will be recognized. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has issued 600,000 options at a strike price of 0.43, which vest 50 three months after
issuance with the remaining 50 in September 2022, with a contractual term of 5 years. The Company recognized approximately 208,200
of stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of these stock options has
been fully recognized and no further stock-based compensation will be recognized. 

On
December 1, 2021, the Company executed a stock option cancellation agreement with one option holder pursuant to a previously executed
consulting agreement entered into on May 5, 2020, under which both parties agree to cancel 1,200,000 performance options as none of the
underlying milestones were met. 

The
Company recognized 714,197 and 361,884 of stock-based compensation related to the 2019 Plan options during the year ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Stock
Options Plan 2020 Equity Plan 

On
August 26, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 2020 Equity Plan (the 2020 Plan ). The 2020 Plan enables
the Board of Directors to provide equity incentives through grants of awards to the Company s present and future employees, directors,
consultants, and other third-party service providers. The 2020 Equity Plan authorizes the grant of Incentive Stock Options ISO and Non-Qualified Stock Options NSO ). Pursuant to the 2020 Plan, the Company has reserved a total of 3,000,000 shares
of the Company s common stock to be available under the plan. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 1,300,000 options under the 2020 Plan, of which 1,300,000 were converted into common
stock for a total consideration of 1,300 from exercise. 

The
Company recognized 690,396 and 1,487,382 of stock-based compensation related to the 2020 Plan options during the year ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, ILA has 1,700,000 options issued and outstanding. 

34 

Stock
Options Plan 2022 Equity Plan 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a 2022 Equity Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The 2022 Plan enables
the Board of Directors to provide equity incentives through grants of awards to the Company s present and future employees, directors,
consultants, and other third-party service providers. 

Pursuant
to the 2022 Plan, the Company has reserved a total of 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be available under the
plan. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 2,150,000 options under the 2022 Plan. No options have been converted to the Company s
common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company recognized approximately 130,079 of stock-based compensation related to the 2022 Plan options during the year ended December
31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 2,150,000 options issued and outstanding. 

Employee
Pension, Profit Sharing, or other Retirement Plans 

We
do not have a defined benefit pension plan, profit sharing or other retirement plan, although we may adopt one or more of such plans
in the future. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following tables set forth the ownership, as of the date of this filing, of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, our directors, and our executive officers and directors as a group. To the best
of our knowledge, the persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. There
are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control. 

The
information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person
is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of
the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as
to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion or exercise
of any convertible security, warrant, option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same
securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares
beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment
power within 60 days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which such person
has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such percentage
may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws, we believe
that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. The
percentage of shares is based on 64,943,897 shares issued and outstanding on June 30, 2023. 

Name 
 # of Shares of Common Stock 
 Percentage 
 
 Roberto Jesus Valdes 
 6,433,961 
 9.9 
 
 Jason Sunstein 
 6,080,648 
 9.4 
 
 Frank Ingrande 
 1,988,966 
 3.1 

All Exec. Officers and Directors as a group (3 persons) 
 14,503,575 
 22.4 

Jason
 A. Sunstein Family Investments, LLC is the record holder of these shares. Jason Sunstein controls Jason A. Sunstein Family Investments,
 LLC. 

We
are not aware of any person who owns of record, or is known to own beneficially, five percent or more of the outstanding securities of
any class of the issuer, other than as set forth above. There are no classes of stock other than common stock issued or outstanding. 

There
are no current arrangements which will result in a change in control. 

35 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Please
see Note 3, 4, 5, 8 and 9 to the financial statements for a description of our related party transactions. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Common Stock is not quoted or listed on any national exchange or interdealer quotation system with a requirement that a majority of our
board of directors be independent and therefore, the Company is not subject to any director independence requirements. Under NASDAQ Rule
5605(a)(2)(A), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation.
Under such definition our three officers and directors would not be considered an independent director. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following table presents fees for professional services rendered by M K CPAS PLLC and Haskell White, LLP for the years ended
December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees 
 136,900 
 95,200 

Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 7,500 

Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 

All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
Board of Directors as a whole pre-approves all services provided by Haskell White LLP and M K CPAS PLLC. For any non-audit
or non-audit related services, the Board of Directors must conclude that such services are compatible with the independence as our auditors. 

36 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference from exhibit 3.1 to our registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 11, 2016) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference from exhibit 3.2 to our registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 11, 2016) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement with ILA Mexico (Incorporated by reference from exhibit 10.1 to amendment #1 to our registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 10, 2016) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement with Grupo Valcas/Baja Residents Club, S.A. de C.V. (Incorporated by reference from exhibit 10.2 to amendment #1 to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 10, 2016) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Haskell White LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 
 
 The
 following materials from the Company s Annual report for the period ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Extensible Business
 Reporting Language (XBRL). 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herein . 

37 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 6th day of July 2023. 

INTERNATIONAL
 LAND ALLIANCE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Roberto Jesus Valdes 

Name: 
 Roberto
 Jesus Valdes 

Title: 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the dates stated. 

Signature 

/s/
 Roberto Jesus Valdes 
 
 Dated:
 July 6, 2023 
 
 Roberto
 Jesus Valdes 

President,
 Principal Executive Officer, and a director 

/s/
 Jason Sunstein 
 
 Dated:
 July 6, 2023 
 
 Jason
 Sunstein 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer and a director 

38 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference from exhibit 3.1 to our registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 11, 2016) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference from exhibit 3.2 to
our registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 11, 2016) and amended on May 18, 2022 (Incorporated by reference
from exhibit 3.1 to our current report on form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 20, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement with ILA Mexico (Incorporated by reference from exhibit 10.1 to amendment #1 to our registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 10, 2016) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement with Grupo Valcas/Baja Residents Club, S.A. de C.V. (Incorporated by reference from exhibit 10.2 to amendment #1 to our registration statement on form S-1 filed with the SEC on November 10, 2016) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Haskell White LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 
 
 The
 following materials from the Company s Annual report for the period ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Extensible Business
 Reporting Language (XBRL) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herein . 

39 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-230043) of International Land Alliance,
Inc. (the Company of our report dated April 15, 2022, relating to our audit of the Company s consolidated financial
statements as of December 31, 2021, and for the year then ended included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Our
report dated April 15, 2022, contains an explanatory paragraph that states the Company has experienced recurring losses from operations,
has limited financial resources to repay its obligations and will require substantial new capital to execute its business plans. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/
 HASKELL WHITE LLP 

Irvine,
California 

 July
6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Roberto Jesus Valdes, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of International Land Alliance, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Roberto Jesus Valdes 

Roberto
 Jesus Valdes 

Principal
 Executive Officer and Director 

July
 6, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Jason Sunstein, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of International Land Alliance, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Jason Sunstein 

Jason
 Sunstein 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer and a Director 

July
 6, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the report of International Land Alliance, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned,
in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Roberto Jesus Valdes 

Roberto
 Jesus Valdes 

Principal
 Executive Officer and a Director 

July
 6, 2023 

/s/
 Jason Sunstein 

Jason
 Sunstein 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer and a Director 

July
 6, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ilal-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ilal-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ilal-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ilal-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

