<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230901_10-K_edgar_data_1081938_0001683168-23-006237.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6958170</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>295925</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3063737</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1262727</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>997680</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1208782</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-006237.hdr.sgml : 20230901
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230901130833
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-006237
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230901
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230901

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CANNAPHARMARX, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001081938
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				274635140
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27055
		FILM NUMBER:		231231770

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3600
		STREET 2:		888 3RD STREET SW
		CITY:			CALGARY
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2P 5C5
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-652-6838

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3600
		STREET 2:		888 3RD STREET SW
		CITY:			CALGARY
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2P 5C5

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLDEN DRAGON HOLDING CO.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110125

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CCVG, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONCORD VENTURES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-006237.txt : 20230901

10-K
 1
 cannarx_i10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

__________________ 

FORM 

 __________________ 

(Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED: , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 for the transition period from ________________ to________________________. 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 
 - 
 
 (Address of principal executive office) 
 (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTC Pink Sheets 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter on June 30, 2022 was . 

As of September 1, 2023, the Registrant had 
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The Company hereby incorporates by reference all
of the reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including but not limited
to: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II 
 
 33 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 35 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 

PART III 
 
 43 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 47 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 49 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 51 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 51 

PART IV 
 
 52 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 52 

Signatures 
 53 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that
involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this report regarding
our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, 
 intends, may, plans, projects, will, would and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying
words. Important factors known to us that could cause such material differences are identified in this Report. We undertake no obligation
to correct or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised,
however, to consult any future disclosures we make on related subjects in future reports to the SEC. 

We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that the expectations underlying our forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these expectations may prove to be incorrect, and all of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We have included important risks and uncertainties in
the cautionary statements included in this report, particularly the section titled Risk Factors incorporated by reference
herein. We believe these risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements
that we make. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions, projections or expectations
prove incorrect, actual results, performance or financial condition may vary materially and adversely from those anticipated, estimated
or expected. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures
or investments that we may make. We do not assume any obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In the light of these risks and uncertainties,
the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this report may not occur, and actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

History 

We were originally incorporated in the State of
Colorado in August 1998 under the name Network Acquisitions, Inc. We changed our name to Cavion Technologies, Inc. in February
1999 and subsequently to Concord Ventures, Inc. in October 2006. 

On December 21, 2000, we filed for protection
under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. In connection with the filing, on February 16, 2001, we sold our entire business,
and all of our assets, for the benefit of our creditors. After the sale, we still had liabilities of 8.4 million and were subsequently
dismissed by the Court from the Chapter 11 reorganization, effective March 13, 2001, at which time the last of our remaining directors
resigned. On March 13, 2001, we had no business or other source of income, no assets, no employees or directors, outstanding liabilities
of approximately 8.4 million and had terminated our duty to file reports under securities law. In February 2008, we were re-listed on
the OTC Bulletin Board. 

In April 2010, we re-domiciled in Delaware under
the name CCVG, Inc. CCVG ). Effective December 31, 2010, CCVG completed an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
(the Reorganization which provided for the merger of two of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. As a result of this reorganization,
our name was changed to Golden Dragon Inc. , which became the surviving publicly quoted parent holding company. 

On May 9, 2014, we entered into a Share Purchase
Agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement with CannaPharmaRx, Inc., a Colorado corporation Canna Colorado ),
and David Cutler, a former President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and director of our Company. Under the Share Purchase
Agreement, Canna Colorado purchased 1,421,120 shares of our common stock from Mr. Cutler and an additional 9,000,000 restricted common
shares directly from us. 

On May 15, 2014, as amended and effective January
29, 2015, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger pursuant to which Canna Colorado became a subsidiary
of our Company. 

In October 2014, we changed our legal name to
 CannaPharmaRx, Inc. 

Pursuant to the Merger all of the shares of our
common stock previously owned by Canna Colorado were canceled. As a result of the aforesaid transactions, we became an early-stage pharmaceutical
company whose purpose was to advance cannabinoid research and discovery using proprietary formulation and drug delivery technology then
under development. 

In April 2016, we ceased operations. Our then
management resigned their respective positions with our Company with the exception of Mr. Gary Herick, who remained one of our officers
and directors until April 23, 2019. 

Effective December 31, 2018, the Company and Hanover
CPMD Acquisition Corp. CPMD Hanover a newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
with Alternative Medical Solutions, Inc., an Ontario, Canada corporation AMS ), its shareholders, wherein the Company acquired
all of the issued and outstanding securities of AMS. AMS is a corporation organized under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada. 

The facility is a 48,750 square foot marijuana
grow facility on a 6.7-acre parcel of land located in Hanover, Ontario, Canada. To point of sale, the exterior construction of the building
had been completed, however, no interior construction had begun. 

1 

As a result of the completion of the acquisition
of AMS on December 31, 2019, the Company no longer fit the definition of a shell company, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. It filed the required disclosure on Form 8-K/A with the SEC on February 14, 2019, advising
that it was no longer a shell company pursuant to the aforesaid Rule. 

On January 6, 2021, the Company executed an Agreement
of Purchase and Sale through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alternative Medical Solutions Inc for the sale of the lands and premises located
at Hanover, Ontario, Canada. The price was 2,000,000 CAD. As a result, and in anticipation of the closing, the Company recorded an impairment
of goodwill and fixed assets relating to the property of 7,962,694 at December 31, 2020. This property was security for a 1,000,000
US Note with Koze Investments LLC by way of a first ranking charge. This transaction closed on July 9, 2021 and the note was repaid in
full as principal of 1,000,000 plus accrued interest of 124,735 and penalties of 475,265. The note was discharged accordingly. 

Effective February 25, 2019, the Company acquired
3,936,500 shares and 2,500,000 Warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock of GN Ventures, Ltd, Alberta, Canada, f/k/a Great
Northern Cannabis, Ltd. GN ), in exchange for an aggregate of 7,988,963 shares of its Common Stock, from a former shareholder
of GN who the Company s President and CEO is now. In May 2020, the Company exchanged 5,507,400 of its shares for 3,671,597 shares
of GN. 

GN owns a 60,000 square foot cannabis cultivation
and grow facility located on 38 acres in Stevensville, Ontario, Canada. Because the Company is a minority shareholder of GN and GN is
a privately held company, the Company cannot confirm that the information it currently has on GN s operations is complete or fully
reliable. GN estimates annual total production capacity from the Stevensville facility of up to 12,500 kilograms of cannabis. Once completed
the Stevensville facility and GN s subsidiary, 9869247 Canada Limited, received a license to cultivate from the Canadian Ministry
of Health on July 5, 2019. As a result, in October 2019, GN commenced cultivation activities and began generating revenues during the
first calendar quarter of 2020. 

Effective June 11, 2019, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with Sunniva, Inc, a British Columbia, Canada corporation Sunniva wherein the Company
agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding securities of Sunniva s wholly-owned subsidiaries Sunniva Medical Inc. SMI and 1167025 B.C. LTD 1167025 for CAD 16.0 million in cash and a note in the principal amount of CAD 4.0 million. These
companies were the owners of the Sunniva Canada Campus, which included construction assets for a planned 759,000 square-foot greenhouse
located on an approximately 114-acre property in Okanagan Falls, British Columbia. 

On June 8, 2020, the Company received a notice
of termination of this Purchase Agreement, as amended, from Sunniva. As a result, the Company incurred a charge of 1,881,126 due to the
write-off of its deposit to Sunniva, banking fees and prepaid expenses associated with the failed acquisition of Sunniva. 

On January 6, 2022, the Company entered into a
20 year operating lease with Formosa Mountain Ltd., for a cannabis production facility in Cremona, Alberta, Canada Cremora ).
The facility is a 55,000 square foot, 2,400 kg per year plant, built in 2015. The licensing process has been completed and production
and sales are anticipated in Q3 2023. 

Description of Current Business 

We are involved in the cannabis industry in Canada.
Our principal business activities to date have been to evaluate, negotiate, acquire, and develop cannabis cultivation projects in Canada.
As of the date of this report we do not own or operate any businesses in the US. 

On January 6, 2022 the Company entered into a
20 year operating lease with Formosa Mountain Ltd. The leased facility is located in Cremona, Alberta, Canada. It was built in 2015 and
was previously operating as a cannabis production facility. It was decommissioned and the license was cancelled by the previous owner
making it ready for sale in 2020. 

2 

CannaPharmaRx recommissioned the facility into
a new indoor cannabis farm during 2022. It is a 55,000 square foot facility with 11 growing rooms and 10 drying and packing rooms. The
Company received an Operating License from Health Canada on December 9, 2022, and a Cannabis License from the Canada Revenue Agency on
December 22, 2022. 

Production and sales are anticipated in Q3 of
2023. The expected date of the first harvest, under the new license, is on or about August 08 th , 2023 with the second harvest
on or about September 11 th . Both harvests are expected to yield around 100KG of saleable cannabis flower product. 

Preliminary discussion with export partners, would
set conditional pe gram pricing at approximately 3.30 CDN/gr. This pricing matrix would be based on achieving satisfactory test results
associated to THC and CBD content of the dried flower. Expected revenues for both harvests, if sold in their entirety, would be forecasted
at 660,000.00 CDN. A third and fourth harvest are planned in Q4 with similarly forecasted revenues. There can be no assurances that our
crops will be successfully harvested, or than we can sell the harvest; and if we do at the price/s we expect to receive. 

Growth by Acquisition 

We also plan to grow through the acquisition of
related, complementary businesses. In doing so we expect to increase revenues and profits by providing a broader range of services in
vertical markets which are consolidated under one parent, thus realizing synergies between the brands to increase sales on multiple fronts;
reducing overhead costs by streamlining operations; and eliminating duplicitous efforts and costs. There are no assurances that we will
increase profitability if we are successful in acquiring other synergistic companies. 

If we are successful, the acquisition of related,
complementary businesses is expected to increase revenues and profits by providing a broader range of services in vertical markets which
are consolidated under one parent, thus reducing overhead costs by streamlining operations and eliminating duplicitous efforts and costs.
There are no assurances that we will increase profitability if we are successful in acquiring other synergistic companies. 

Management continues to seek out and evaluate
related, complementary businesses for acquisition. The integrity and reputation of any potential acquisition candidate will first be thoroughly
reviewed to ensure it meets with management s standards. Once targeted as a potential acquisition candidate, we will enter into
negotiations with the potential candidate and commence due diligence evaluation, including its financial statements, cash flow, debt,
location and other material aspects of the candidate s business. It is our intention to utilize the issuance of our securities as
part of the consideration that we will pay for these proposed acquisitions. If we are successful in our attempts to acquire synergistic
companies utilizing our securities as part or all of the consideration to be paid, our current shareholders will incur dilution. 

In implementing a structure for a particular acquisition,
we may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, or licensing agreement with another corporation or entity.
We may also acquire stock or assets of an existing business. 

As part of our investigation, our officers and
directors will meet personally with management and key personnel, may visit, and inspect material facilities, obtain independent analysis
of verification of certain information provided, check references of management and key personnel, and take other reasonable investigative
measures, to the extent of our limited financial resources and management expertise. The manner in which we participate in an acquisition
will depend on the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs, and desires of the parties, the management of the acquisition candidate
and our relative negotiation strength. 

We will participate in an acquisition only after
the negotiation and execution of appropriate written agreements. Although the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted, generally
such agreements will require some specific representations and warranties by all of the parties thereto, will specify certain events of
default, will detail the terms of closing and the conditions which must be satisfied by each of the parties prior to and after such closing,
will outline the manner of bearing costs, including costs associated with our attorneys and accountants, will set forth remedies on default
and will include miscellaneous other terms. 

3 

Depending upon the nature of the acquisition,
including the financial condition of the acquisition company, as a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 34
Act ), it may be necessary for such acquisition candidate to provide independent audited financial statements. If so required, we
will not acquire any entity which cannot provide independent audited financial statements within a reasonable period of time after closing
of the proposed transaction. If such audited financial statements are not available at closing, or within time parameters necessary to
ensure our compliance with the requirements of the 34 Act, or if the audited financial statements provided do not conform to the representations
made by the candidate to be acquired in the closing documents, the closing documents will provide that the proposed transaction will be
voidable, at the discretion of our present management. If such a transaction is voided, the agreement will also contain a provision providing
for the acquisition entity to reimburse us for all costs associated with the proposed transaction. 

We previously entered into an agreement to acquire
certain equity interests in LTB Management, LLC. Both us and the sellers have agreed to terminate that agreement and negotiate and enter
into a new agreement to better reflect the current state of the Company and our prospective business operations. Once this agreement has
been reached, we will provide information concerning the final terms of that agreement in accordance with our filing obligations. 

We are presently in discussion with other companies
operating in the cannabis industry regarding a potential acquisition. However, there can be no assurance we will be successful consummating
any additional acquisitions in the future, nor can there be any assurance we will have access available to equity and debt financing required
to consummate any transaction in the future. 

For a complete description of our business, financial
condition, results of operations and other important information, we refer you to our filings with the SEC that are incorporated by reference
in this Annual Report, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and our Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022. For instructions on how to find copies of these documents,
see the section entitled Where You Can Find More Information . 

Employees 

We currently employ two (2) employees at Head
Office and four (6) in Cremona. 

We anticipate that we will retain additional employees
as we develop our existing projects and close additional acquisitions in the future, of which there is no assurance. We believe that there
are a sufficient number of potential qualified employees available. No employee is a member of any union. We believe our relationship
with our employees is satisfactory. 

Competition 

Because the cannabis
market is very lucrative, the number of other companies we compete with is significant. These competitors consist of both public and private
companies, who are also seeking to acquire or otherwise consolidate with an existing Canadian cannabis business. Many of our competitors
have greater resources, both financial and otherwise, than the resources presently available to us. This fact is a significant obstacle
to our being able to achieve our growth plans and will require our management team to identify areas we can best compete in to maximize
our profitability. 

Intellectual
Property 

We currently do not hold
any patents or patent applications. 

Government
Regulation 

It is our intention to continue to emphasize the
cannabis industry in our search for business opportunities, specifically in Canada but are also currently considering opportunities in
the United States in states that have approved cannabis legalization. However, as of the date of this Report cannabis is still considered
a Schedule 1 controlled substance under US federal law. A Schedule I controlled substance is defined as a substance that has no currently
accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of safety for use under medical supervision and a high potential for abuse. The Department
of Justice defines Schedule 1 controlled substances as the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules with potentially severe
psychological or physical dependence. 

4 

If the Federal Government decides to enforce the
Controlled Substances Act in any state in which we own an interest in a cannabis operation, persons that are charged with distributing,
possessing with intent to distribute, or growing marijuana could be subject to fines and terms of imprisonment, the maximum being life
imprisonment and a 50 million fine. Any such change in the Federal Government s enforcement of current federal laws could cause
significant financial damage to us if we are able to acquire or develop a cannabis related operation in the US. If so, we may be irreparably
harmed by a change in enforcement by the federal or state governments. 

As of the date of this Report, 11 states and the
District of Columbia have legalized adult use cannabis. There are 23 other states where medical marijuana has been legalized. The state
laws are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes marijuana use and possession illegal on a national level. 

Previously, the Obama administration took the
position that it was not an efficient use of resources to direct federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding
by state-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical marijuana. The Trump administration has revised this policy. Specifically,
the Department of Justice DOJ vacated the Cole Memorandum in favor of deferral of any enforcement of federal regulation
to the individual states. However, certain other protections remain in place via budgetary element embedment (Rohrabacher-Farr amendment
now referred to as the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer Amendment), which limits funding of any enforcement of anti-cannabis legislation. The Department
of Justice has stated that it will continue to enforce the Controlled Substance Act with respect to marijuana to prevent: 

the distribution of marijuana to minors; 

criminal enterprises, gangs and cartels receiving revenue from the sale of marijuana; 

the diversion of marijuana from states where it is legal under state law to other states; 

state-authorized marijuana activity from being used as a cover or pretext for the trafficking of other illegal drugs or other illegal activity; 

violence and the use of firearms in the cultivation and distribution of marijuana; 

driving while impaired and the exacerbation of other adverse public health consequences associated with marijuana use; 

the growing of marijuana on public lands; and 

marijuana possession or use on federal property. 

Since the use of marijuana is illegal under federal
law, federally chartered banks will not accept for deposit funds from businesses involved with marijuana. Consequently, businesses involved
in the marijuana industry often have trouble finding a bank willing to accept their business. The inability to open bank accounts may
make it difficult for us to operate in the US should we choose to pursue opportunities in that large market. There does appear to be recent
movement to allow state-chartered banks and credit unions to provide banking to the industry, but as of the date of this Report there
are only nominal entities that have been formed that offer these services. As such, any plans we have to expand into the US would face
significant obstacles and costs that will make ultimate profitability of US operations less likely and more difficult to obtain. 

Although cultivation and distribution of marijuana
for medical use is permitted in many states, provided compliance with applicable state and local laws, rules, and regulations, marijuana
is illegal under federal law. Strict enforcement of federal law regarding marijuana would result in the inability to implement our business
plan in the US and could expose us and our management to potential criminal liability and subject our properties to civil forfeiture.
Though the cultivation and distribution of marijuana remains illegal under federal law, H.R. 83, enacted by Congress on December 16, 2014,
provides that none of the funds made available to the DOJ pursuant to the 2015 Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act
may be used to prevent states from implementing their own laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession, or cultivation of medical
marijuana. However, state laws do not supersede the prohibitions set forth in the federal drug laws. The uncertainty of US federal and
state cannabis and marijuana laws greatly reduces our ability to plan an effective strategy to grow our business in the US. 

5 

Canadian Regulations 

Summary of the Cannabis Act 

On October 17, 2018, the Cannabis Act (Canada)
(the Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Regulations (Canada) (the Cannabis Regulations came
into force as law with the effect of legalizing adult recreational use of cannabis across Canada. The Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Regulations
incorporate the Access to Cannabis for Medical for Medical Purposes Regulations (the ACMPR ), which came into
force in Canada on August 24, 2016 and were previously made under the CDSA (as defined herein). New Industrial Hemp Regulations ,
SOR 2018-145 were also made under the Cannabis Act, which replaced the Industrial Hemp Regulations that were previously made under the
CDSA. 

When the Cannabis Act came into force, cannabis
was removed from Schedule II to the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act (Canada) (the CDSA ). Prior to the
Cannabis Act coming into force, the ACMPR permitted access to cannabis for medical purposes for Canadians who had been authorized to use
cannabis by their health care practitioner. The ACMPR replaced the Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations (Canada) (the MMPR ),
which was implemented in June 2013. The MMPR replaced the Marihuana Medical Access Regulations (Canada) (the MMAR ),
which was implemented in 2001. Like the ACMPR, the MMPR and MMAR were both promulgated under the CDSA and represent initial steps in the
Government of Canada s regulation of medical cannabis and eventual legalization and regulation of adult-use recreational cannabis. 

The Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Regulations
permit the recreational use of cannabis by adults and regulate the production, distribution, promotion and sale of cannabis products (as
defined therein) in Canada, for both recreational and medical purposes. Under the Cannabis Regulations, Canadians who are authorized by
their health care practitioner to use medical cannabis have the option of purchasing cannabis from one of the producers licensed by Health
Canada and are also able to register with Health Canada to produce a limited amount of cannabis for their own medical purposes or to designate
an individual who is registered with Health Canada to produce cannabis on their behalf for personal medical purposes. 

Pursuant to the Cannabis Act, and subject to provincial
regulations, individuals over the age of 18 are able to purchase cannabis products from authorized retailers and are able to legally possess
up to 30 grams of dried cannabis, or the equivalent amount. As of the date of this Prospectus, the permitted classes of cannabis that
an authorized person may sell include: dried cannabis, cannabis oil, fresh cannabis, cannabis plants, cannabis plant seeds, edible cannabis,
cannabis extracts and cannabis topicals. The Cannabis Act also permits households to grow a maximum of four cannabis plants. This limit
applies regardless of the number of adults that reside in the household. In addition, the Cannabis Act provides provincial and territorial
governments the authority to prescribe regulations regarding use, retail and distribution, as well as the ability to alter some of the
existing baseline requirements of the Cannabis Act, such as increasing the minimum age for purchase and consumption and setting rules
around promotion of cannabis products within the province or territory. 

The Cannabis Regulations, among other things,
set out requirements relating to licensing, including key personnel and security requirements; good production practices; cannabis products;
packaging and labelling; and access to cannabis for medical purposes. They are summarized below. 

Licenses 

The Cannabis Regulations establish six classes
of licenses under the Cannabis Act: cultivation; processing; analytical testing; sale to individual clients for medical purposes; research;
and cannabis drug production. It also provides for subclasses of cultivation (standard cultivation, micro-cultivation and nursery) and
processing (standard processing and micro-processing). 

6 

Key Personnel and Security Clearances 

The Cannabis Regulations require that license
holders retain certain key personnel, depending on the class of license. Holders of a license for cultivation, processing and sale must
retain a responsible person (who serves as the main point of contact with Health Canada) and head of security. Holders of a license for
cultivation must also retain a master grower, and holders of a license for processing must retain a quality assurance person. 

The Cannabis Regulations require a valid security
clearance issued by the Minister (as defined in the Cannabis Act) for certain people associated with cannabis licensees. Security clearances
must be held by directors, officers, individuals who exercise, or are in a position to exercise, direct control over a corporate licensee,
directors and officers of any corporation that exercises, or is in a position to exercise, direct control over a corporate licensee and
the key personnel noted above (responsible person, head of security, master grower and quality assurance person) and any other individuals
identified by the Minister. The Minister may refuse to grant security clearances at its discretion to individuals or associations, such
as those involved in organized crime or individuals with prior convictions for, or an association with, drug trafficking, corruption or
violent offences (individuals with histories of non-violent, lower-risk criminal activity, for example, simple possession of cannabis,
or small-scale cultivation of cannabis plants are not precluded from participating in the legal cannabis industry). 

Good Production Practices and Cannabis Products 

Part 5 of the Cannabis Regulations establishes
the good production practices which must be met prior to the sale, distribution or export of cannabis, and Part 6 of the Cannabis Regulations
establishes rules for cannabis products, including permitted/prohibited ingredients and amounts of THC (Tetrahydrocannabinol). These require
that cannabis and anything that will be used as an ingredient must be produced, packaged, labelled, distributed, stored, sampled and tested
in accordance with standard operating procedures that are designed to ensure that those activities are conducted in accordance with the
applicable requirements of Parts 5 (Good Production Practices) and Part 6 (Cannabis Products). 

The good production practices requirements relate
to storage, distribution, the design and construction of buildings, filtration and ventilation systems, water supply, lighting, equipment,
sanitation programs and testing. 

Part 6 of the Cannabis Regulations sets standards
for the safe consumption of cannabis products, in respect of being free from biological and chemical contaminants and also limits the
amounts of THC in cannabis products. 

Cannabis Tracking System 

Under the Cannabis Act, the Minister established
and maintains a national cannabis tacking system, which is called The Cannabis Tracking and Licensing System (the CTLS ).
The CTLS provides an online secure platform for filing applications for licenses and security clearances under the Cannabis Regulations.
Through the cannabis supply chain, the CTLS also tracks cannabis from federal cannabis license holders to individual medical clients,
or from federal cannabis license holders to recreational market channels. The tracking function of the CTLS serves to limit the diversion
of cannabis into, and out of, the regulated medical and recreational markets. 

Promotion, Packaging and Labelling 

The Cannabis Act establishes strict prohibitions
on the promotion of cannabis, and the Cannabis Regulations establish rules around plain packaging and labelling. Among other things, it
is prohibited to promote cannabis in a way that could be appealing to young people, by way of a testimonial or endorsement or through
depiction of a person, character or animal, whether real or fictional; or in a manner associated with a lifestyle . The Cannabis
Regulations establish rules around packaging and labelling to promote informed consumer choice, allow for the safe handling and transportation
of cannabis products, ensure child-proofing on containers and reducing the appeal of cannabis to youth. The size and color of packaging,
logos, names and other brand elements is restricted. Cannabis package labels must include specific information, such as: (i) product source
information, including the class of cannabis and the name, phone number and email of the processor; (ii) a mandatory health warning, rotating
between Heath Canada s list of standard health warnings; (iii) the Health Canada standardized cannabis symbol; and (iv) information
specifying THC and Cannabidiol content. 

7 

Cannabis for Medical Purposes 

The medical cannabis regulatory framework shifted
from the ACMPR made under the CDSA to the Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Regulations. Under Part 14 of the Cannabis Regulations, there
are three options available to an individual who has received authorization from his/her healthcare practitioner to use cannabis for medical
purposes: (i) by registering with a holder of a license to sell for medical purposes; (ii) by registering with Health Canada for the production
of a limited amount of cannabis for their own medical purposes; or (iii) by designating a third party to produce cannabis for them. With
respect to (ii) and (iii), the starting materials for the production of cannabis, such as cannabis plants or seeds, must be obtained from
medical sales license holders. 

Provincial and Territorial Regulatory Framework 

The governments of every Canadian province and
territory have implemented regulatory regimes for the use, distribution and sale of cannabis products for recreational purposes within
their jurisdiction. The only provinces with restrictions on classes of cannabis that may be sold in the recreational markets are Qu bec
and Manitoba, where plants and seeds are not sold because personal cultivation for recreational purposes is prohibited in those two provinces.
In addition, as of the date of this Prospectus, some provinces are considering whether or not to allow cannabis vape products to be sold,
including Newfoundland and Labrador. 

Regardless of the specific provincial retail framework,
all cannabis products for the recreational cannabis market must be supplied by federally licensed cultivators (plants and seeds only)
and processors (all other allowable classes of cannabis currently dried cannabis, cannabis oil, cannabis edibles, cannabis extracts
and cannabis topicals). In most provinces and territories, a liquor or cannabis authority operated by the province serves as a wholesaler,
with retailers purchasing cannabis products from the liquor or cannabis authority or from provincially licensed distributors. The wholesalers,
in turn, acquire the cannabis products from federally licensed cultivators and processors. 

Summary of the Cannabis Act 

On October 17, 2019, the Cannabis Act came into
force as law with the effect of legalizing adult recreational use of cannabis across Canada. The Cannabis Act replaced the ACMPR and the
IHR, both of which came into force under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act (Canada) (the CDSA ), which previously
permitted access to cannabis for medical purposes for only those Canadians who had been authorized to use cannabis by their health care
practitioner. The ACMPR replaced the Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations (Canada) (the MMPR ), which was implemented
in June 2013. The MMPR replaced the Marihuana Medical Access Regulations (Canada) (the MMAR which was implemented
in 2001. The MMPR and MMAR were initial steps in the Government of Canada s legislative path towards the eventual legalization and
regulating recreational and medical cannabis. 

The Cannabis Act permits the recreational adult
use of cannabis and regulates the production, distribution and sale of cannabis and related oil extracts in Canada, for both recreational
and medical purposes. Under the Cannabis Act, Canadians who are authorized by their health care practitioner to use medical cannabis have
the option of purchasing cannabis from one of the producers licensed by Health Canada and are also able to register with Health Canada
to produce a limited amount of cannabis for their own medical purposes or to designate an individual who is registered with Health Canada
to produce cannabis on their behalf for personal medical purposes. 

Pursuant to the Cannabis Act, subject to provincial
regulations, individuals over the age of 18 are able to purchase fresh cannabis, dried cannabis, cannabis oil, and cannabis plants or
seeds and are able to legally possess up to 30 grams of dried cannabis, or the equivalent amount in fresh cannabis or cannabis oil. The
Cannabis Act also permits households to grow a maximum of four cannabis plants. This limit applies regardless of the number of adults
that reside in the household. In addition, the Cannabis Act provides provincial and municipal governments the authority to prescribe regulations
regarding retail and distribution, as well as the ability to alter some of the existing baseline requirements of the Cannabis Act, such
as increasing the minimum age for purchase and consumption. 

8 

Provincial and territorial governments in Canada
have made varying announcements on the proposed regulatory regimes for the distribution and sale of cannabis for adult-use purposes. For
example, Qu bec, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island, Yukon and the Northwest Territories have chosen the government-regulated
model for distribution, whereas Saskatchewan and Newfoundland Labrador have opted for a private sector approach. Alberta, Ontario,
Manitoba, Nunavut and British Columbia have announced plans to pursue a hybrid approach of public and private sale and distribution. 

In connection with the new framework for regulating
cannabis in Canada, the Federal Government has introduced new penalties under the Criminal Code (Canada), including penalties for the
illegal sale of cannabis, possession of cannabis over the prescribed limit, production of cannabis beyond personal cultivation limits,
taking cannabis across the Canadian border, giving or selling cannabis to a youth and involving a youth to commit a cannabis-related offence. 

On July 11, 2019, the Federal Government published
regulations in the Canada Gazette to support the Cannabis Act, including the Cannabis Regulations, the new Industrial Hemp Regulations,
along with proposed amendments to the Narcotic Control Regulations and certain regulations under the Food and Drugs Act (Canada). The
Industrial Hemp Regulations and the Cannabis Regulations, among other things, outline the rules for the legal cultivation, processing,
research, analytical testing, distribution, sale, importation and exportation of cannabis and hemp in Canada, including the various classes
of licenses that can be granted, and set standards for cannabis and hemp products. The Industrial Hemp Regulations and the Cannabis Regulations
include strict specifications for the plain packaging and labeling and analytical testing of all cannabis products as well as stringent
physical and personnel security requirements for all federally licensed production sites. The Industrial Hemp Regulations and the Cannabis
Regulations also maintain a distinct system for access to cannabis. With the Cannabis Act now in force, cannabis has ceased to be regulated
under the CDSA and is instead regulated under the Cannabis Act, and both the ACMPR and the IHR have been repealed effective October 17,
2019. 

On June 7, 2019, Bill-C45 passed the third reading
in the Senate with a number of amendments to the language of the Cannabis Act. More specifically, the Senate proposed: 

establishing a committee of the Senate and a committee of the House of Commons to undertake a comprehensive review of the administration and operation of the Cannabis Act; 

assisting provinces and territories to facilitate the development of workplace impairment policies; 

allowing provinces to place restrictions on the ability of individuals to engage in home cultivation; 

that law enforcement be provided with the appropriate tools and resources to address concerns about continued illicit production, diversion, and sale of cannabis to youth, including preventing the sharing of marihuana among young adults by rendering it a ticketable offense; 

that the prices set for cannabis products and the applicable taxes reflect the dual objective of minimizing the health dangers of cannabis consumption and undercutting the illicit market of cannabis; 

mandatory health warnings for cannabis products, including warnings about the danger of smoking cannabis, the danger of exposure to second-hand cannabis smoke, and the risks of combining cannabis and tobacco; 

testing procedures for THC content be standardized to ensure accurate measurement to better protect consumer health and safety; 

that forthcoming regulations for edible products and other forms of cannabis ensure that product packaging is child-resistant and does not appeal to young people and that the type of available products should be strictly limited; 

9 

adequate and ongoing funding for sustained, evidence-based cannabis education and prevention programs to provide Canadians, especially young Canadians, with knowledge about the health risks of cannabis use, including on-going research initiatives on the impact of cannabis use on the developing brain; and that the federal government commit to on-going educational initiatives to ensure youth are informed on the effects of cannabis use; 

to prohibit licensees under the Cannabis Act to distribute branded merchandise, such as T-shirts and baseball caps and imposing a moratorium on loosening the regulations on the branding, marketing, and promotion of cannabis for 10 years; 

to set aggressive targets, comparable to the successful Federal Tobacco Control Strategy, to reduce the number of youth and adult cannabis users; and 

to ensure that the Cannabis Tracking System be operational upon the coming-into-force of the Cannabis Act. 

Security Clearances 

The Cannabis Regulations require that certain
people associated with cannabis licensees, including individuals occupying a key position directors, officers, large shareholders
and individuals identified by the Minister of Health, must hold a valid security clearance issued by the Minister of Health. Officers
and directors of a parent corporation must be security cleared. The ability to successfully and promptly receive security clearances for
the key personnel be crucial to our ability to implement our business plans. 

Under the Cannabis Regulations, the Minister of
Health may refuse to grant security clearances to individuals with associations to organized crime or with past convictions for, or an
association with, drug trafficking, corruption or violent offenses. Individuals who have histories of nonviolent, lower-risk criminal
activity (for example, simple possession of cannabis, or small-scale cultivation of cannabis plants) are not precluded from participating
in the legal cannabis industry, and the grant of security clearance to such individuals is at the discretion of the Minister of Health
and such applications will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis. 

Cannabis Tracking System 

Under the Cannabis Act , the Minister of
Health is authorized to establish and maintain a national cannabis tracking system. The Cannabis Regulations set out a national cannabis
tracking system to track cannabis throughout the supply chain to help prevent diversion of cannabis into, and out of, the illicit market.
The Cannabis Regulations also provides the Minister of Health with the authority to make a ministerial order that would require certain
persons named in such order to report specific information about their authorized activities with cannabis, in the form and manner specified
by the Minister of Health. 

Cannabis Products 

The Cannabis Regulations set out the requirements
for the sale of cannabis products at the retail level permit the sale of dried cannabis, cannabis oil, fresh cannabis, cannabis plants,
and cannabis seeds, including in such forms as pre-rolled and in capsules. The THC content and serving size of cannabis
products is limited by the Cannabis Regulations. The sale of edibles containing cannabis and cannabis concentrates was legalized in the
fall of 2019. 

Description of Canadian Licenses and Licensing Requirements 

Laws and regulations affecting the medical marijuana
industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our proposed operations. Local, state and federal medical marijuana
laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated
with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our
business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. It is also possible that regulations may be enacted in the future
that will be directly applicable to our business. These ever-changing regulations could even affect federal tax policies that may make
it difficult to claim tax deductions on our returns. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or
applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and
if promulgated, could have on our business. 

10 

Where you can find more information 

The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC will be available free of charge on the
Company s website in the near future. The reports are currently available on the SEC website. The public may read and copy any materials
filed by the Company with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. The public
may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet
site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the
SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, the Company s references
to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our common stock is highly
speculative, involves a high degree of risk and should be made only by investors who can afford a complete loss. You should carefully
consider the following risk factors, together with the other information in this report, including our financial statements and the related
notes, before you decide to buy our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, then our business, financial condition
or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the trading of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or
part of your investment therein. 

Risks Related to Our Company 

The Corporation is a Development Stage Company
with Little Operating History of our Current Business, a History of Losses and the Corporation Cannot Assure Profitability. 

The Corporation s business is comprised
of a recently-acquired subsidiary. The Corporation has been incurring operating losses and cash flow deficits since the inception of such
operations, as it attempts to create an infrastructure to capitalize on the opportunity for value creation that is emerging from the relaxing
of prohibitions on the cannabis industry nationwide in Canada. The Corporation s lack of operating history, and the lack of historical
pro forma combined financial information for the Corporation and its acquired subsidiary, makes it difficult for investors to evaluate
the Corporation s prospects for success. Prospective investors should consider the risks and difficulties the Corporation might
encounter, especially given the Corporation s lack of an operating history or historical pro forma combined financial information,
there is no assurance that the Corporation will be successful and the likelihood of success must be considered in light of its relatively
early stage of operations. As the Corporation has not begun to generate revenue, it is extremely difficult to make accurate predictions
and forecasts of its finances. This is compounded by the fact the Corporation intends to operate in the cannabis industry, which is rapidly
transforming. There is no guarantee that the Corporation s products or services will be attractive to potential consumers. 

Substantial Doubt About the Corporation s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. 

The Corporation is in the development stage and
is currently seeking additional capital, mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships and other business arrangements to expand
its product offerings in the medical cannabis industry and grow its revenue. The Corporation s ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability in the future to grow its revenue and achieve profitable operations and, in the meantime, to obtain the
necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities when they become due. External financing, predominantly by the issuance
of equity and debt, will be sought to finance the operations of the Corporation; however, there can be no certainty that such funds will
be available at terms acceptable to the Corporation. These conditions indicate the existence of material uncertainties that may cast significant
doubt about the Corporation s ability to continue as a going concern. 

11 

We have not generated any revenue or profit from
operations since our inception. We expect that our operating expenses will increase over the next twelve months to continue our development
activities. Based on our average monthly expenses and current burn rate of 100,000.00 per month, we estimate that our cash on hand will
not be able to support our operations through the balance of this calendar year. This amount could increase if we encounter difficulties
that we cannot anticipate at this time or if we acquire other businesses. Should this amount not be sufficient to support our continuing
operations, we do not expect to be able to raise any additional capital through debt financing from traditional lending sources since
we are not currently generating a profit from operations. Therefore, we only expect to raise money through equity financing via the sale
of our common stock or equity-linked securities such as convertible debt. We are currently in discussions with a number of institutional
investors who could provide the capital required for our ongoing operations. If we cannot raise the money that we need in order to continue
to operate our business beyond the period indicated above, we will be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our proposed
operations. If any of these were to occur, there is a substantial risk that our business would fail. If we are unsuccessful in raising
additional financing, we may need to curtail, discontinue, or cease operations. 

The Corporation had Negative Cash Flow for
the for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

The Corporation had negative operating cash flow
of 1,448,364 for the year ended December 31, 2022. To the extent that the Corporation has negative operating cash flow in future periods,
it may need to allocate a portion of its cash reserves to fund such negative cash flow. The Corporation may also be required to raise
additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that the Corporation will be able to generate
a positive cash flow from its operations, that additional capital or other types of financing will be available when needed or that these
financings will be on terms favorable to the Corporation. The Corporation s actual financial position and results of operations
may differ materially from the expectations of the Corporation s management. 

The Corporation s Actual Financial
Position and Results of Operations May Differ Materially from Management s Expectations. 

The Corporation has experienced some changes in
its operating plans and certain delays in its plans. As a result, the Corporation s revenue, net income and cash flow may differ
materially from the Corporation s projected revenue, net income and cash flow. The process for estimating the Corporation s
revenue, net income and cash flow requires the use of in determining the appropriate assumptions and estimates. These estimates and assumptions
may be revised as additional information becomes available and as additional analyses are performed. In addition, the assumptions used
in planning may not prove to be accurate, and other factors may affect the Corporation s financial condition or results of operations. 

The Corporation expects to incur significant ongoing
costs and obligations related to its investment in infrastructure and growth and for regulatory compliance, which could have a material
adverse impact on the Corporation s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, future changes in regulations,
more vigorous enforcement thereof or other unanticipated events could require extensive changes to the Corporation s operations,
increased compliance costs or give rise to material liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of
operations and financial condition of the Corporation. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, and we may not
be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our higher operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number
of reasons, including the other risks described in this Prospectus, and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays, and
other unknown events. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the market price of our Common Stock may significantly decrease. 

Limited Recourse Against the AMS Shareholders
in AMS Acquisition. 

Investors in the Corporation will not have a direct
statutory right or any other rights against the shareholders of AMS, the vendor of all of the shares of AMS to the Corporation. The sole
remedy of the investors against such vendor will be through the Corporation bringing an action for a breach of the representations and
warranties contained in the Securities Purchase Agreement between us and AMS AMS SPA ). While the Corporation is indemnified
for breaches of representations and warranties contained in the AMS SPA, recourse for such breaches may be limited due to qualifications
related to knowledge of the principal vendors, being Stephen Barber, John Ciotto, Joseph Groleau and Raymond Robertson, of the vendor
(the Principal Vendors ), contractual and time limits on recourse under applicable laws, and the ability of such Principal
Vendors to satisfy third-party claims. In particular, most of the representations and warranties under the AMS SPA had a survival period
of only two years, thus our opportunity to bring claims for a breach of any of these representations and warranties has passed. The inability
to recover fully any significant liabilities incurred with respect to breaches of representations and warranties under the AMS SPA may
have adverse effects on the Corporation s financial position. In addition, the Principal Vendors have not made any representation
to the Corporation, and are not making any representation to investors, as to the disclosure in this filing constituting full, true and
plain disclosure of all material facts related to the AMS Acquisition, or that this filing does not contain a misrepresentation with respect
to such AMS Acquisition. Accordingly, the Principal Vendors will not have any liability to investors if the disclosure in this filing
relating to the AMS Acquisition does not meet such standard or contains a misrepresentation. 

12 

The Corporation is Reliant on the Obtention
of the Licenses to Produce Medical Cannabis Products in Canada. 

The Corporation s ability to grow, store
and sell medical marijuana and cannabis oil in Canada is dependent on securing the appropriate licenses with Health Canada. Failure to
comply with the requirements of any license application or failure to obtain the appropriate licenses with Health Canada would have a
material adverse impact on the future business, financial condition and operating results of the Corporation. There can be no guarantees
that Health Canada will issue the required Licenses. 

If and when the Licenses are issued, they will
have to be periodically renewed by Health Canada. Although the Corporation believes it will meet the requirements of the Cannabis Act 
for future renewals of the Licenses, there can be no guarantee that Health Canada will renew the Licenses or, if renewed, that they will
be renewed on the same or similar terms or that Health Canada will not revoke the Licenses. Should the Corporation fail to comply with
the requirements of the Licenses or should Health Canada not renew the Licenses when required, or renew the Licenses on different terms
or revoke the Licenses, there would be a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Government licenses are currently, and in the
future may be, required in connection with the Corporation s operations, in addition to other unknown permits and approvals which
may be required. To the extent such permits and approvals are required and not obtained, the Corporation may be prevented from operating
and/or expanding its business, which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

The Corporation is Subject to Changes in
Canadian Laws, Regulations and Guidelines Which Could Adversely Affect the Corporation s Future Business, Financial Condition and
Results of Operations. 

On October 17, 2018, the Canadian federal government
legalized the production, distribution and sale of recreational cannabis for adult use under the Cannabis Act (see Industry
and Regulatory Overview ). No legal market previously existed for adult recreational use cannabis in Canada. For this reason,
projections for both short and long-term market conditions for the retail of cannabis remain uncertain. 

The Corporation s operations will be subject
to various laws, regulations and guidelines relating to the manufacture, management, packaging/labeling, advertising, sale, transportation,
storage and disposal of medical and recreational cannabis but also including laws and regulations relating to drugs, controlled substances,
health and safety, the conduct of operations and the protection of the environment. Changes to such laws, regulations and guidelines due
to matters beyond the control of the Corporation may cause material adverse effects to the business, financial condition and results of
operations of the Corporation. The Corporation endeavors to comply with all relevant laws, regulations and guidelines. To the best of
the Corporation s knowledge, the Corporation is in compliance or in the process of being assessed for compliance with all such laws,
regulations and guidelines as described elsewhere in this Prospectus. 

To date, only fresh cannabis, dried cannabis and
cannabis oil products are permitted. Health Canada has given guidance that other transformed products (primarily edibles and beverages
infused with cannabis) will be permitted for legal sale one year subsequent to the Cannabis Act coming into effect. However, there
is uncertainty regarding how and when certain regulatory changes will be implemented. Further, the general legislation framework pertaining
to the Canadian recreational cannabis market is subject to significant provincial and territorial regulation, which varies across provinces
and territories. Unfavorable regulatory changes, delays or both may therefore materially and adversely affect the future business, financial
condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

The Corporation May not Be Able to Develop
Its Brands, Products and Services, Which Could Prevent It from Ever Becoming Profitable. 

If the Corporation cannot successfully develop,
manufacture and distribute its products, or if the Corporation experiences difficulties in the development process, such as capacity constraints,
quality control problems or other disruptions, the Corporation may not be able to develop market-ready commercial products at acceptable
costs, which would adversely affect the Corporation s ability to effectively enter the market. A failure by the Corporation to achieve
a low-cost structure through economies of scale or improvements in cultivation and manufacturing processes would have a material adverse
effect on the Corporation s commercialization plans and the Corporation s business, prospects, results of operations and financial
condition. 

13 

There is No Assurance That the Corporation
Will Turn a Profit or Generate Immediate Revenues. 

There is no assurance that we will ever be profitable,
earn revenues, or pay dividends. The Corporation has incurred and anticipates that it will continue to incur substantial expenses relating
to the development and initial operations of its business. The payment and amount of any future dividends will depend upon, among other
things, the Corporation s results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, and operating and capital requirements. 

There is no assurance that future dividends will
be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividends. Further, the Corporation
has several classes of preferred stock with dividend rights that take a priority over our common stock with respect to payment of any
dividends. As such, common stockholders should not expect any dividends to be paid indefinitely. 

No Assurance of Sustainable Revenues. 

There can be no assurance that our subsidiaries
will generate sufficient and sustainable revenues to enable us to operate at profitable levels or to generate positive cash flow. As a
result of our limited operating history in the cannabis market and the nature of the markets in which we compete, we may not be able to
accurately predict our revenues. Any failure by us to accurately make such predictions could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. Further, our current and future expense levels are based largely on our investment plans
and estimates of future revenues. We expect operating results to fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors,
many of which are outside of our control. Factors that may adversely affect our operating results include, among others, demand for our
products and services, the budgeting cycles of potential customers, lack of enforcement of or changes in governmental regulations or laws,
the amount and timing of capital expenditures and other costs relating to the expansion of our operations, the introduction of new or
enhanced products and services by us or our competitors, the timing and number of new hires, changes in our pricing policy or those of
our competitors, the mix of our products, increases in the cost of raw materials, technical difficulties with the products, incurrence
of costs relating to future acquisitions, general economic conditions, and market acceptance of our products. As a strategic response
to changes in the competitive environment, we may, from time to time, make certain decisions regarding pricing, service, marketing or
business combinations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any seasonality
is likely to cause quarterly fluctuations in our operating results, and there can be no assurance that such patterns will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner
to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. 

Operating results may fluctuate and may
fall below expectations in any fiscal quarter. 

While we have historically posted losses from
our operating activities, as we grow our business and implement our business plan, our future operating results are difficult to predict
and are expected to fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result,
comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and investors should not rely on our past results or
on predictions prepared by us to determine future performance. 

The Corporation May not Be Able to Effectively
Manage Its Growth and Operations, Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Its Business. 

The Corporation has previously attempted to grow
by acquisition. If the Corporation implements its business plan as intended, it may in the future experience rapid growth and development
in a relatively short period of time. The management of this growth will require, among other things, continued development of the Corporation s
financial and management controls and management information systems, stringent control of costs, the ability to attract and retain qualified
management personnel and the training of new personnel. The Corporation intends to utilize outsourced resources, and hire additional personnel,
to manage its expected growth and expansion. Failure to successfully manage its possible growth and development could have a material
adverse effect on the Corporation s business and the value of the Common Stock. 

14 

While a major part of our business strategy
is to pursue strategic acquisitions, we may not be able to identify businesses for which we can obtain necessary financing to acquire
on acceptable terms, face risks due to additional indebtedness, and our acquisition strategy may incur significant costs or expose us
to substantial risks inherent in the acquired business s operations. 

Our strategy of pursuing strategic acquisitions
may be negatively impacted by several risks, including the following: 

We may not successfully identify companies that have complementary product lines or technological competencies or that can diversify our revenue or enhance our ability to implement our business strategy; 

We may not successfully acquire companies if we fail to obtain financing, if we fail to negotiate the acquisition on acceptable terms, or for other related reasons. 

We may incur additional expenses due to acquisition due diligence, including legal, accounting, consulting, and other professional fees and disbursements. Such additional expenses may be material, will likely not be reimbursed, and would increase the aggregate cost of any acquisition. 

Any acquired business will expose us to the acquired company s liabilities and to risks inherent to its industry, and we may not be able to ascertain or assess all of the significant risks. 

We may require additional financing in connection with any future acquisition, and such financing may adversely impact, or be restricted by, our capital structure. 

Achieving the anticipated potential benefits of a strategic acquisition will depend in part on the successful integration of the operations, administrative infrastructures, and personnel of the acquired company or companies in a timely and efficient manner. Some of the challenges involved in such an integration include: (i) demonstrating to the customers of the acquired company that the consolidation will not result in adverse changes in quality, customer service standards, or business focus; (ii) preserving important relationships of the acquired company; (iii) coordinating sales and marketing efforts to effectively communicate the expanded capabilities of the combined company; and (iv) coordinating the supply chains. 

Any Future Acquisitions Could Disrupt Business. 

If we are successful in consummating acquisitions,
those acquisitions could subject us to a number of risks, including that: 

the purchase price we pay could significantly deplete our cash reserves or result in dilution to our existing stockholders; 

we may find that the acquired company or assets do not improve our customer offerings or market position as planned; 

we may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired company; 

key personnel and customers of the acquired company may terminate their relationships with the acquired company as a result of the acquisition; 

we may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning and financial reporting; 

we may assume or be held liable for risks and liabilities as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not discover during our due diligence or adequately adjust for in our acquisition arrangements; 

15 

we may incur one-time write-offs or restructuring charges in connection with the acquisition; 

we may acquire goodwill and other intangible assets that are subject to amortization or impairment tests, which could result in future charges to earnings; and 

we may not be able to realize the cost-savings or other financial benefits we anticipated. 

These factors could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

The Corporation May not Be Able to Identify
and/or Consummate Acquisitions with Strategic Targets. 

As part of its corporate strategy, the Corporation
intends to continue a focus on the acquisition of additional companies operating in jurisdictions where cannabis is legal on a national
basis. The Corporation s focus is initially on Canadian Licensed Producers of marijuana but may extend to other cannabis-related
products. If and when cannabis becomes legal in other foreign jurisdictions the Corporation will research acquisition or development opportunities.
The Corporation intends to target opportunities which are revenue generating or will be in the immediate future, low-cost producers and
either profitable or nearing profitability. There can be no guarantee that the Corporation will identify such opportunities, or once identified,
consummate such transactions. Failure to find suitable acquisitions or joint venture opportunities will require us to grow our business
entirely organically which can be more costly and delay the timeline of our future growth and development. 

The Corporation May Be Unable to Adequately
Protect Its Proprietary and Intellectual Property Rights. 

The Company currently has no proprietary or intellectual
property. The Corporation s ability to compete may depend on the superiority, uniqueness and value of any intellectual property
and technology that it may develop in the future. To the extent the Corporation is able to do so, to protect any proprietary rights of
the Corporation, the Corporation intends to rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality
agreements with its employees and third parties, and protective contractual provisions. Despite these efforts, any of the following occurrences
may reduce the value of any of the Corporation s intellectual property: 

the market for the Corporation s products and services may depend to a significant extent upon the goodwill associated with its trademarks and trade names, and its ability to register its intellectual property under U.S. federal and state law is impaired by the illegality of cannabis under U.S. federal law. 

patents in the cannabis industry involve complex legal and scientific questions and patent protection may not be available for some or any products. 

the Corporation s applications for trademarks and copyrights relating to its business may not be granted and, if granted, may be challenged or invalidated. 

issued patents, trademarks and registered copyrights may not provide the Corporation with competitive advantages. 

the Corporation s efforts to protect its intellectual property rights may not be effective in preventing misappropriation of any its products or intellectual property. 

the Corporation s efforts may not prevent the development and design by others, of products similar to, or competitive with, or superior to those the Corporation develops. 

another party may obtain a blocking patent and the Corporation would need to either obtain a license or design around the patent in order to continue to offer the contested feature or service in its products. 

the expiration of any patent or other intellectual property protections for any assets owned by the Corporation could result in significant competition, potentially at any time and without notice, resulting in a significant reduction in sales. The effect of the loss of these protections on the Corporation and its financial results will depend, among other things, upon the nature of the market and the position of the Corporation s products in the market from time to time, the growth of the market, the complexities and economics of manufacturing a competitive product and regulatory approval requirements but the impact could be material and adverse. The Corporation may be forced to litigate to defend its intellectual property rights, or to defend against claims by third parties against the Corporation relating to intellectual property rights. 

16 

We may not be able to protect intellectual
property that we hope to acquire, which could adversely affect our business. 

The companies that we hope to acquire may rely
on patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright protection to protect their technology. We believe that technological leadership can
be achieved through additional factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, new product developments, frequent
product enhancements, name recognition, and reliable product maintenance. Nevertheless, our ability to compete effectively depends in
part on our ability to develop and maintain proprietary aspects of our technology, such as patents. We may not secure future patents;
and patents that we may secure may become invalid or may not provide meaningful protection for our product innovations. In addition, the
laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States or Canada. Furthermore,
there can be no assurance that competitors will not independently develop similar products, reverse engineer our products,
or, if patents are issued to us, design around such patents. We also expect to rely upon a combination of copyright, trademark, trade
secret, and other intellectual property laws to protect our proprietary rights by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees,
consultants, and vendors, and by controlling access to and distribution of our technology, documentation and other proprietary information.
There can be no assurance, however, that the steps to be taken by us will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or that the
rights granted thereunder will provide a competitive advantage to us. Any such circumstance could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. While we are not currently engaged in any intellectual property litigation or
proceedings, there can be no assurance that we will not become so involved in the future or that our products do not infringe any intellectual
property or other proprietary right of any third party. Such litigation could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources
and personnel, and significant liabilities to third parties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We may not be able to protect our trade names and domain names. 

We may not be able to protect our trade names
and domain names against all infringers, which could decrease the value of our brand name and proprietary rights. We currently hold the
Internet domain name CannaPharmaRx.com Domain names generally are regulated by Internet regulatory bodies are subject to change, and in
some cases, may be superseded, in some cases by-laws, rules and regulations governing the registration of trade names and trademarks with
the United States Patent and Trademark Office as well as ascertain other common law rights. If the domain registrars are changed, if new
ones are created, or if we are deemed to be infringing upon another's trade name or trademark, we may be unable to prevent third parties
from acquiring or using, as the case may be, our domain name, trade names or trademarks, which could adversely affect our brand name and
other proprietary rights. 

The Corporation May Be Forced to Litigate
to Enforce or Defend Its Intellectual Property Rights, to Protect Its Trade Secrets or to Determine the Validity and Scope of Other Parties 
Proprietary Rights. 

If we successfully procure patents or other intellectual
property for our products and processes, we may be forced to litigate to protect such intellectual property. Any such litigation could
be very costly and could distract its management from focusing on operating the Corporation s business and divert resources from
growing our business and implementing our business plan. The existence and/or outcome of any such litigation could harm the Corporation s
business. Further, because the content of much of the Corporation s intellectual property concerns cannabis and other activities
that are not legal in some state jurisdictions or under U.S. federal law, the Corporation may face additional difficulties in defending
its intellectual property rights. The Corporation may become subject to litigation, including for possible product liability claims, which
may have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s reputation, business, results from operations, and financial condition.
The Corporation may be named as a defendant in a lawsuit or regulatory action. The Corporation may also incur uninsured losses for liabilities
which arise in the ordinary course of business, or which are unforeseen, including, but not limited to, employment liability and business
loss claims. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, results of operations, sales, cash
flow or financial condition. Further, the administration of medical substances to humans can result in product liability claims by consumers.
Product liability claims can be expensive, difficult to defend and may result in large judgments or settlements against the Corporation.
The Corporation may not be able to obtain or maintain adequate insurance or other protection against potential liabilities arising from
product sales. Product liability claims could also result in negative perception of the Corporation s products or other reputational
damage which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, results of operations, sales, cash flow or financial
condition. 

17 

The Corporation s Operations are Subject
to Environmental Regulation in the Various Jurisdictions in Which It Operates. 

These regulations mandate, among other things,
the maintenance of air and water quality standards and land reclamation. They also set forth limitations on the generation, transportation,
storage and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner which will require stricter standards
and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance, more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects and a
heightened degree of responsibility for companies and their officers, directors and employees. There is no assurance that future changes
in environmental regulation, if any, will not adversely affect the Corporation s operations. Government environmental approvals
and permits are currently, and may in the future be required in connection with the Corporation s operations. To the extent such
approvals are required and not obtained, the Corporation may be curtailed or prohibited from its proposed business activities or from
proceeding with the development of its operations as currently proposed. Failure to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations
and permitting requirements may result in enforcement actions thereunder, including orders issued by regulatory or judicial authorities
causing operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional
equipment, or remedial actions. The Corporation may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage due to its operations and
may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of applicable laws or regulations. 

The Corporation Faces Competition from Other
Companies Where It Will Conduct Business That May Have Higher Capitalization, More Experienced Management or May Be More Mature As a Business. 

An increase in the companies competing in this
industry could limit the ability of the Corporation to expand its operations. Current and new competitors may be better capitalized, have
longer operating history, more expertise and ability to develop higher quality equipment or products, at the same or a lower cost. The
Corporation cannot provide assurances that it will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. Competitive
pressures faced by the Corporation could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition. In
addition, despite Canadian federal and state-level legalization of marijuana, illicit or black-market operations remain
abundant and present substantial competition to the Corporation. In particular, illicit operations, despite being largely clandestine,
are not required to comply with the extensive regulations that the Corporation must comply with to conduct business, and accordingly may
have significantly lower costs of operation. This makes their product more profitable and provides them the ability to sale their product
at a lower cost than we can, thereby reducing our profitability. 

If the Corporation is Unable to Attract
and Retain Key Personnel, It May not Be Able to Compete Effectively in the Cannabis Market. 

The Corporation s success has depended and
continues to depend upon its ability to attract and retain key management, including the Corporation s President/CEO, technical
experts and sales personnel. The Corporation will attempt to enhance its management and technical expertise by continuing to recruit qualified
individuals who possess desired skills and experience in certain targeted areas. The Corporation s inability to retain employees
and attract and retain sufficient additional employees or engineering and technical support resources could have a material adverse effect
on the Corporation s business, results of operations, sales, cash flow or financial condition. Shortages in qualified personnel
or the loss of key personnel could adversely affect the financial condition of the Corporation, results of operations of the business
and could limit the Corporation s ability to develop and market its cannabis-related products. The loss of any of the Corporation s
senior management or key employees could materially adversely affect the Corporation s ability to execute our business plan and
strategy, and the Corporation may not be able to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. 

If we are unable to keep up with technological
developments, our business could be negatively affected. 

The markets for our products and services are
expected to be characterized by rapid technological change and be highly competitive with respect to timely innovations. Accordingly,
we believe that our ability to succeed in the sale of our products and services will depend significantly upon the technological quality
of our products and services relative to those of our competitors, and upon our ability to continue to develop and introduce new and enhanced
products and services at competitive prices and in a timely and cost-effective manner. In order to develop such new products and services,
we will depend upon close relationships with existing customers and our ability to continue to develop and introduce new and enhanced
products and services at competitive prices and in a timely and cost-effective manner and grow the markets that we offer these products
and services. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and market our products and services successfully or respond effectively
to the technological changes or new product and service offerings of our potential competitors. We may not be able to develop the required
technologies, products, and services on a cost-effective and timely basis, and any inability to do so could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

18 

Failure to Successfully Integrate Acquired
Businesses, Its Products and Other Assets into the Corporation, or If Integrated, Failure to Further the Corporation s Business
Strategy, May Result in the Corporation s Inability to Realize Any Benefit from Such Acquisition. 

The consummation and integration of any acquired
business, product or other assets into the Corporation may be complex and time-consuming and, if such businesses and assets are not successfully
integrated, the Corporation may not achieve the anticipated benefits, cost-savings or growth opportunities. Furthermore, these acquisitions
and other arrangements, even if successfully integrated, may fail to further the Corporation s business strategy as anticipated,
expose the Corporation to increased competition or other challenges with respect to the Corporation s products or geographic markets,
and expose the Corporation to additional liabilities associated with an acquired business, technology or other asset or arrangement. When
the Corporation acquires cannabis businesses, it may obtain the rights to applications for licenses as well as licenses; however, the
procurement of such applications for licenses and licenses generally will be subject to governmental and regulatory approval. There are
no guarantees that the Corporation will successfully consummate such acquisitions, and even if the Corporation consummates such acquisitions,
the procurement of applications for licenses may never result in the grant of a license by any state or local governmental or regulatory
agency and the transfer of any rights to licenses may never be approved by the applicable state and/or local governmental or regulatory
agency. 

The Size of the Corporation s Target
Market is Difficult to Quantify and Investors Will Be Reliant on Their Own Estimates on the Accuracy of Market Data. 

Because the cannabis industry is in a nascent
stage with uncertain boundaries, there is a lack of information about comparable companies available for potential investors to review
in deciding about whether to invest in the Corporation and, few, if any, established companies whose business model the Corporation can
follow or upon whose success the Corporation can build. Accordingly, investors will have to rely on their own estimates in deciding whether
to invest in the Corporation. There can be no assurance that the Corporation s estimates are accurate or that the market size is
sufficiently large for its business to grow as projected, which may negatively impact its financial results. 

The Corporation s Industry is Experiencing
Rapid Growth and Consolidation That May Cause the Corporation to Lose Key Relationships and Intensify Competition. 

The cannabis industry is undergoing rapid growth
and substantial change, which has resulted in an increase in competitors, consolidation and formation of strategic relationships. Acquisitions
or other consolidating transactions could harm the Corporation in a number of ways, including by losing strategic partners if they are
acquired by or enter into relationships with a competitor, losing customers, revenue and market share, or forcing the Corporation to expend
greater resources to meet new or additional competitive threats, all of which could harm the Corporation s operating results. As
competitors enter the market and become increasingly sophisticated, competition in the Corporation s industry may intensify and
place downward pressure on retail prices for its products and services, which could negatively impact its profitability. 

The Corporation Will Require Additional
Financing and There is No Assurance That Additional Financing Will Be Available When Required. 

The Corporation will require additional capital
in the future and plans to achieve this additional financing through equity and/ or debt financing. However, there is no assurance that
this financing will be available when required. Specifically, there is no assurance that the Corporation will be able to raise any additional
equity financing through its shares. In addition, there is no assurance that the Corporation will be able to secure debt financing given
its low asset base and its current lack of revenues. Even if we are able to raise additional financing, this financing may not be available
at attractive terms meaning we either will have to forego certain plans or incur financial obligations on less than favorable terms. 

Existing Shareholders May Be Diluted to
the Extent That the Company Raises Additional Funds Through Additional Equity Financings. 

The Corporation continues to sell shares and issue
notes convertible into shares for cash to fund operations, capital expansion, mergers and acquisitions that will dilute the current shareholders.
There is no guarantee that the Corporation will be able to achieve its business objectives. The continued development of the Corporation
will require additional financing. The failure to raise such capital could result in the delay or indefinite postponement of current business
objectives or the Corporation going out of business. There can be no assurance that additional capital or other types of financing will
be available if needed or that, if available, the terms of such financing will be favorable to the Corporation. 

19 

If additional funds are raised through issuances
of equity or convertible debt securities, existing shareholders will suffer dilution, which in some cases may be significant, and any
new equity securities issued could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of Common Stock. The Corporation s
articles permit the issuance of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock, and shareholders will have no preemptive rights in connection with
such further issuance. The directors of the Corporation have discretion to determine the price and the terms of further issuances. In
addition, from time to time, the Corporation may enter into transactions to acquire assets or the shares of other companies. These transactions
may be financed wholly or partially with debt, which may temporarily increase the Corporation s debt levels above industry standards.
Any debt financing secured in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to capital raising activities and other financial
and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for the Corporation to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities,
including potential acquisitions. The Corporation may require additional financing to fund its operations to the point where it is generating
positive cash flow. Negative cash flow may restrict the Corporation s ability to pursue its business objectives. 

The Corporation Operates Within the Cannabis
Industry, Which Might Result in Additional Difficulties and Complexities Associated with Obtaining Adequate Insurance Coverage. 

At the date of this Report, the Corporation and
its subsidiaries have secured insurance coverage with respect to builder s risk, general liability and property. The Corporation
has not yet secured insurance coverage with respect to workers compensation, directors and officers insurance, fire
and other similar policies customarily obtained for businesses to the extent commercially appropriate; and, because the Corporation is
engaged in and operates within the cannabis industry, there might be exclusions and additional difficulties and complexities associated
with obtaining such insurance coverage that could cause the Corporation to suffer uninsured losses, which could adversely affect the Corporation s
business, results of operations, and profitability. There is no assurance that the Corporation will be able to obtain and utilize such
insurance coverage, if necessary. 

The Cultivation of Cannabis Includes Risks
Inherent in an Agricultural Business Including the Risk of Crop Loss, Sudden Changes in Environmental Conditions, Equipment Failure, Product
Recalls and Others. 

The Corporation s future business involves
the growing of medical marijuana, an agricultural product. Such business will be subject to the risks inherent in the agricultural business,
such as insects, plant diseases and similar agricultural risks. Although the Corporation expects that any such growing will be completed
indoors under climate controlled conditions, there can be no assurance that natural elements will not have a material adverse effect on
any such future production. The Corporation is reliant on a single location. Adverse changes affecting the Hanover Facility, development
project could materially affect the Corporation s plans. 

The Cultivation of Cannabis Involves a Reliance
on Third Party Transportation Which Could Result in Supply Delays, Reliability of Delivery and Other Related Risks. 

In order for customers of the Corporation to receive
their product, the Corporation may rely on third party transportation services. This can cause logistical problems with and delays in
patients obtaining their orders and cannot be directly controlled by the Corporation. Any delay by third party transportation services
may adversely affect the Corporation s financial performance. 

Moreover, security of the product during transportation
to and from the Corporation s facilities is critical due to the nature of the product. A breach of security during transport could
have material adverse effects on the Corporation s business, financials and prospects. Any such breach could impact the Corporation s
future ability to continue operating under its licenses or the prospect of renewing its licenses. 

20 

The Corporation May Be Subject to Product
Recalls for Product Defects Self-imposed or Imposed by Regulators. 

Manufacturers and distributors of products are
sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product defects, such as contamination,
unintended harmful side effects or interactions with other substances, packaging safety and inadequate or inaccurate labeling disclosure.
If any of the Corporation s products are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any other reason, the Corporation could
be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection with the recall. The
Corporation may lose a significant amount of sales and may not be able to replace those sales at an acceptable margin or at all. In addition,
a product recall may require significant management attention. Although the Corporation has detailed procedures in place for testing its
products, there can be no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product
recalls, regulatory action or lawsuits. Additionally, if one of the Corporation s significant brands were subject to recall, the
image of that brand and the Corporation would likely be harmed. A recall for any of the foregoing reasons would likely lead to decreased
demand for the Corporation s products and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition
of the Corporation. Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of the Corporation s operations by Health Canada
or other regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. 

The Corporation is Reliant on Key Inputs,
such as Water and Utilities, and Any Interruption of These Services Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Corporation s Finances
and Operation Results. 

The Corporation s business is dependent
on a number of key inputs and their related costs including raw materials and supplies related to its growing operations, as well as electricity,
water and other local utilities. Any significant interruption or negative change in the availability or economics of the supply chain
for key inputs could materially impact the business, financial condition and operating results of the Corporation. Any inability to secure
required supplies and services or to do so on appropriate terms could have a materially adverse impact on the business, financial condition
and operating results of the Corporation. 

The Expansion of the Medical Cannabis Industry
May Require New Clinical Research into Effective Medical Therapies, When Such Research has Been Restricted in the U.S. and is New to Canada. 

Research in Canada, the U.S. and internationally
regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing and social acceptance of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids remains
in early stages. There have been relatively few clinical trials on the benefits of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids. Although the Corporation
believes that the articles, reports and studies support its beliefs regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing
and social acceptance of cannabis, future research and clinical trials may prove such statements to be incorrect, or could raise concerns
regarding, and perceptions relating to, cannabis. Given these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, investors should not place undue reliance
on such articles and reports. Future research studies and clinical trials may draw opposing conclusions to those stated in this Prospectus
or reach negative conclusions regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing, social acceptance or other facts and
perceptions related to medical cannabis, which could have a material adverse effect on the demand for the Corporation s products
with the potential to lead to a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Under Canadian Regulations, a Licensed Producer
of Cannabis May Have Restrictions on the Type and Form of Marketing It Can Undertake Which Could Materially Impact Sales Performance. 

The development of the Corporation s future
business and operating results may be hindered by applicable restrictions on sales and marketing activities imposed by Health Canada or
U.S. regulatory authorities. The regulatory environment in Canada limits the Corporation s ability to compete for market share in
a manner similar to other industries. If the Corporation is unable to effectively market its products and compete for market share, or
if the costs of compliance with government legislation and regulation cannot be absorbed through increased selling prices for its products,
the Corporation s sales and operating results could be adversely affected. 

21 

The Corporation Could Be Liable for Fraudulent
or Illegal Activity by its Employees, Contractors and Consultants Resulting in Significant Financial Losses to Claims Against the Corporation. 

The Corporation is exposed to the risk that its
employees, independent contractors and consultants may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could
include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to the Corporation that violates: (i)
government regulations; (ii) manufacturing standards; (iii) federal and provincial healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations; or
(iv) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It is not always possible for the Corporation
to identify and deter misconduct by its employees and other third parties, and the precautions taken by the Corporation to detect and
prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting the Corporation from governmental
investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions
are instituted against the Corporation, and it is not successful in defending itself or asserting its rights, those actions could have
a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines,
contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of the Corporation s operations,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Corporation will be reliant on Information
Technology Systems and may be Subject to Damaging Cyber-attacks. 

The Corporation has entered into agreements with
third parties for hardware, software, telecommunications and other information technology IT services in connection
with its operations. The Corporation s operations depend, in part, on how well it and its suppliers protect networks, equipment,
IT systems and software against damage from a number of threats, including, but not limited to, cable cuts, damage to physical plants,
natural disasters, intentional damage and destruction, fire, power loss, hacking, computer viruses, vandalism and theft. The Corporation s
operations also depend on the timely maintenance, upgrade and replacement of networks, equipment, IT systems and software, as well as
preemptive expenses to mitigate the risks of failures. Any of these and other events could result in information system failures, delays
and/or increase in capital expenditures. The failure of information systems or a component of information systems could, depending on
the nature of any such failure, adversely impact the Corporation s reputation and results of operations. 

The Corporation has not experienced any material
losses to date relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, but there can be no assurance that the Corporation will
not incur such losses in the future. The Corporation s risk and exposure to these matters cannot be fully mitigated because of,
among other things, the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of
controls, processes and practices designed to protect systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized
access is a priority. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Corporation may be required to expend additional resources to continue
to modify or enhance protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. 

The Corporation may be Subject to Breaches
of Security at its Facilities, or in Respect of Electronic Documents and Data Storage and May Face Risks Related to Breaches of Applicable
Privacy Laws. 

Given the nature of the Corporation s product
and its lack of legal availability outside of channels approved by the Government of Canada, as well as the concentration of inventory
in its facilities, despite meeting or exceeding Health Canada s security requirements, there remains a risk of shrinkage as well
as theft. A security breach at one of the Corporation s facilities could expose the Corporation to additional liability and to potentially
costly litigation, increase expenses relating to the resolution and future prevention of these breaches and may deter potential patients
from choosing the Corporation s products. 

A privacy breach may occur through procedural
or process failure, information technology malfunction, or deliberate unauthorized intrusions. Theft of data for competitive purposes,
particularly patient lists and preferences, is an ongoing risk whether perpetrated via employee collusion or negligence or through deliberate
cyber-attack. Any such theft or privacy breach would have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

22 

In addition, there are a number of federal and
provincial laws protecting the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restricting the use
and disclosure of that protected information. In particular, the privacy rules under the Personal Information Protection and Electronics
Documents Act (Canada) PIPEDA ), protect medical records and other personal health information by limiting their
use and disclosure of health information to the minimum level reasonably necessary to accomplish the intended purpose. If the Corporation
was found to be in violation of the privacy or security rules under PIPEDA or other laws protecting the confidentiality of patient health
information, it could be subject to sanctions and civil or criminal penalties, which could increase its liabilities, harm its reputation
and have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Corporation. 

The Corporation s Officers and Directors
may be Engaged in a Range of Business Activities Resulting in Conflicts of Interest. 

The Corporation may be subject to various potential
conflicts of interest because some of its officers and directors may be engaged in a range of business activities. In addition, the Corporation s
executive officers and directors may devote time to their outside business interests, so long as such activities do not materially or
adversely interfere with their duties to the Corporation. In some cases, the Corporation s executive officers and directors may
have fiduciary obligations associated with these business interests that interfere with their ability to devote time to the Corporation s
business and affairs and that could adversely affect the Corporation s operations. These business interests could require significant
time and attention of the Corporation s executive officers and directors. In addition, the Corporation may also become involved
in other transactions which conflict with the interests of its directors and the officers who may from time to time deal with persons,
firms, institutions or companies with which the Corporation may be dealing, or which may be seeking investments similar to those desired
by it. The interests of these persons could conflict with those of the Corporation. 

In addition, from time to time, these persons
may be competing with the Corporation for available investment opportunities. conflicts of interest, if any, will be subject to the procedures
and remedies provided under applicable laws. In particular, if such a conflict of interest arises at a meeting of the Corporation s
directors, a director who has such a conflict will abstain from voting for or against the approval of such participation or such terms.
In accordance with applicable laws, the directors of the Corporation are required to act honestly, in good faith and in the best interests
of the Corporation. 

Regulatory Scrutiny of the Corporation s
Industry may Negatively Impact its Ability to Raise Additional Capital. 

The Corporation s business activities rely
on newly established and/or developing laws and regulations in Canada and other jurisdictions in which we intend to operate. These laws
and regulations are rapidly evolving and subject to change with minimal notice. Regulatory changes may adversely affect the Corporation s
profitability or cause it to cease operations entirely. The cannabis industry may come under the scrutiny or further scrutiny by Health
Canada, the SEC. It is impossible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be proposed,
or whether any proposals will become law. The regulatory uncertainty surrounding the Corporation s industry may adversely affect
the business and operations of the Corporation, including without limitation, the costs to remain compliant with applicable laws and the
impairment of its ability to raise additional capital, which could reduce, delay or eliminate any return on investment in the Corporation. 

Publicity or Consumer Perception. 

The Corporation believes the recreational and
medical cannabis industries are highly dependent upon consumer perception regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of the cannabis produced.
Consumer perception of the Corporation s products can be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory
investigations, litigation, media attention and other publicity regarding the consumption of cannabis products. 

There can be no assurance that future scientific
research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the
cannabis market generally, any particular product or consistent with earlier publicity. Future research reports, findings, regulatory
proceedings, litigation, media attention or other publicity that are perceived as less favorable than, or that question, earlier research
reports, findings or publicity could have a material adverse effect on the demand for the Corporation s products and the business,
results of operations, financial condition and the Corporation s cash flows. The Corporation s dependence upon consumer perceptions
means that adverse scientific research reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other publicity, whether
or not accurate or with merit, could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation, the demand for the Corporation s products,
and the business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of the Corporation. Further, adverse publicity reports or
other media attention regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of medical cannabis in general, or the Corporation s products specifically,
or associating the consumption of cannabis with illness or other negative effects or events, could have such a material adverse effect.
Such adverse publicity reports or other media attention could arise even if the adverse effects associated with such products resulted
from consumers failure to consume such products appropriately or as directed. 

23 

Currency Fluctuations 

The Corporation s revenues and expenses
are expected to be primarily denominated in Canadian dollars, and therefore may be exposed to significant currency exchange fluctuations.
Recent events in the global financial markets have been coupled with increased volatility in the currency markets. Fluctuations in the
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar, and other foreign currencies and the Canadian dollar may have a material adverse effect on the
Corporation s business, financial condition and operating results. The Corporation may, in the future, establish a program to hedge
a portion of its foreign currency exposure with the objective of minimizing the impact of adverse foreign currency exchange movements.
However, even if the Corporation develops a hedging program, there can be no assurance that it will effectively mitigate currency risks. 

We may need to raise additional funds in
the future that may not be available on acceptable terms or available at all. 

Until we can generate enough cash flow from our
existing operations, we will need to issue additional debt or equity securities in the future to fund our business plan, for potential
investment acquisitions, or general corporate purposes. If we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our
existing stockholders will likely experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges
senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we incur additional debt, it may increase our leverage relative to our earnings or to
our equity capitalization, requiring us to pay additional interest expenses. We may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms,
or at all, in which case, we may not be able to develop or enhance our products, execute our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities,
or respond to competitive pressures. 

We may be subject to liability claims for
damages and other expenses not covered by insurance that could reduce our earnings and cash flows. 

Our business, profitability, and growth prospects
could suffer if we pay damages or defense costs in connection with a liability claim that is outside the scope of any applicable insurance
coverage. We have liability insurance and intend to maintain it, However there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to obtain
insurance in amounts, or for a price, that will permit us to purchase desired amounts of insurance. Additionally, if our costs of insurance
and claims increase, then our earnings could decline. Further, market rates for insurance premiums and deductibles have been steadily
increasing, which may prevent us from being adequately insured. A product liability or negligence action in excess of insurance coverage
could harm our profitability and liquidity. 

Insurance and contractual protections may
not always cover lost revenue. 

We possess insurance and warranties from suppliers,
and our subcontractors make contractual obligations to meet certain performance levels. We also attempt, where feasible, to pass risks
we cannot control to our customers. The proceeds of such insurance, warranties, performance guarantees, and risk-sharing arrangements
may not be adequate to cover lost revenue, increased expenses, or liquidated damages payments that may be required in the future. 

We currently carry customary insurance for business
liability. Certain losses of a catastrophic nature, such as from floods, tornadoes, thunderstorms, and earthquakes, are uninsurable or
not economically insurable. Such Acts of God, work stoppages, regulatory actions, or other causes, could interrupt operations
and adversely affect our business. 

We Rely on Outside Consultants and Employees. 

We will rely on the experience of outside consultants
and employees. In the event that one or more of these consultants or employees terminates employment with the Company, or becomes unavailable,
suitable replacements will need to be retained, and there is no assurance that such employees or consultants could be identified under
conditions favorable to us. 

24 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition 

Dependence on financing and losses for the
foreseeable future. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm
has issued its audit opinion on our consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including an explanatory
paragraph as to substantial doubt with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, assuming we
will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of
business. For the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2022, our net loss was 8,531,020. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit
of 94,695,339 and a working capital deficit of 17,065,140. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern which is dependent on our ability to raise the required additional capital or debt financing to meet short- and long-term
operating requirements. We may also encounter business endeavors that require significant cash commitments or unanticipated problems or
expenses that could result in a need for additional cash. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt
securities, the percentage ownership of our current shareholders could be reduced, and such securities might have rights, preferences,
or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or available at all. If adequate
funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective business endeavors or opportunities,
which could significantly and materially restrict our operations. If we are unable to obtain necessary capital, we may have to cease operations.
For additional information, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Going
Concern. 

Dependence on financing and losses for the
foreseeable future 

As of December 31, 2022, we had current liabilities
of 17,165,154 and current assets of 100,014. We had a working capital deficiency of 17,065,140. Our ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions. To stay in business, we will need to raise additional capital through
public or private sales of our securities or debt financing. In the past, we have financed our operations by issuing secured and unsecured
convertible debt and equity securities in private placements, in some cases with equity incentives for the investor in the form of warrants
to purchase our common stock, and we have borrowed from related parties. We have sought, and will continue to seek, various sources of
financing. There are no additional commitments from anyone to provide us with financing. We can provide no assurance as to whether our
capital raising efforts will be successful or as to when, or if, we will be profitable in the future. Even if the Company achieves profitability,
it may not be able to sustain such profitability. If we are unable to obtain financing or achieve and sustain profitability, we may have
to suspend operations or sell assets, making us unable to execute our business plan. Failure to become and remain profitable may adversely
affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital and continue operations. 

Our ability to generate positive cash flow
is uncertain. 

To develop and expand our business, we will need
to make significant up-front investments in our manufacturing capacity and incur research and development, sales and marketing, and general
and administrative expenses. In addition, our growth will require a significant investment in working capital. Our business will require
significant amounts of working capital to meet our project requirements and support our growth. We cannot provide any assurance that we
will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet these requirements. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on satisfactory
terms, we may be required to significantly curtail our operations and may not be able to fund our current production requirements, let
alone fund expansion, take advantage of unanticipated acquisition opportunities, develop or enhance our products, and respond to competitive
pressures. Any failure to obtain such additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. 

Because we may never have net income from
our operations, our business may fail. 

We have no history of profitability from operations.
There can be no assurance that we will ever operate profitably. Our success is significantly dependent on uncertain events, including
successfully developing our products, establishing satisfactory manufacturing arrangements and processes, and distributing and selling
our products. If we are unable to generate significant revenues from sales of our products, we will not be able to earn profits or continue
operations. We can provide no assurance that we will generate any revenues or ever achieve profitability. If we are unsuccessful in addressing
these risks, our business will fail, and investors may lose all of their investment in our Company. 

25 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Its
Market Value 

We have limited capitalization and may require
financing, which may not be available. 

We have limited capitalization, which increases
our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limits our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes
in our business and industry, and may place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors with sufficient capitalization. If we are
unable to obtain sufficient financing on satisfactory terms and conditions, we will be forced to curtail or abandon our plans or operations.
Our ability to obtain financing will depend upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

A limited public trading market exists for
our common stock, which makes it difficult for our stockholders to sell their common stock on the public markets. Any trading in our shares
may have a significant effect on our stock prices 

Historically our common stock has traded on the
OTC Markets under the symbol CPMD. However, as of the filing of this Report, we are delinquent in our reporting obligations
and our common stock has been relegated to being only traded on the expert market. We expect with our filing of this Report and filing
all other due or delinquent reports, our common stock will resume trading on the OTC Markets. Until that time however, our shareholders
will experience difficulty trading our common stock. Even when we were current in our reports, the trading activity of our common stock
is volatile and may not develop or be sustained. As a result, any trading price of our common stock may not be an accurate indicator of
the valuation of our common stock. Any trading in our shares could have a significant effect on our stock price. If a more liquid public
market for our common stock does not develop, then investors may not be able to resell the shares of our common stock that they have purchased
and may lose all of their investment. No assurance can be given that an active market will develop or that a stockholder will ever be
able to liquidate its shares of common stock without considerable delay, if at all. Many brokerage firms may not be willing to affect
transactions in the securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to affect a transaction in our securities, the combination
of brokerage commissions, state transfer taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Furthermore, our stock
price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well
as general economic, political, and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates, and international currency fluctuations, may
adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

Our stock price has undergone a great deal
of volatility, including a significant decrease over the past few years. The volatility may mean that, at times, our stockholders may
be unable to resell their shares at or above the price at which they acquired them. 

From January 1, 2018 through the date of this
report, the price per share of our common stock has ranged from a high of 0.68 to a low of 0.011. The price of our common stock has
been, and may continue to be, highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The market value of our common stock has declined in the
past, due in part to our operating performance and to conversions of dilutive debt instruments that we have issued to fund operations.
In the future, broad market and industry factors may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating
performance. Recent declines in the market price of our common stock have and could continue to affect our access to capital, and may,
if they continue, impact our ability to continue operations at the current level. In addition, any continuation of the recent declines
in the price of our common stock may curtail investment opportunities presented to us and negatively impact other aspects of our business,
including our ability to fund our operations. As a result of any such declines, many stockholders have been or may become unable to resell
their shares at or above the price at which they acquired them. 

26 

The volatility of the market price of our common
stock could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

our common stock being held by a small number of persons whose sales (or lack of sales) could result in positive or negative pricing pressure on the market price for our common stock; 

actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; 

changes in our earnings estimates; 

our ability to obtain adequate working capital financing; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

publication (or lack of publication) of research reports about us; 

changes in applicable laws or regulations, court rulings, enforcement, and legal actions; 

loss of any strategic relationships; 

additions or departures of key management personnel; 

actions by our stockholders (including transactions in our shares); 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

increases in market interest rates, which may increase our cost of capital; 

changes in our industry; 

competitive pricing pressures; 

our ability to execute our business plan; and 

economic and other external factors. 

In addition, the securities markets have from
time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

27 

Our stock is categorized as a penny stock.
Trading of our stock may be restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations which may limit a stockholder s ability to buy
and sell our stock. 

Our stock is categorized as a penny stock ,
as that term is defined in SEC Rule 3a51-1, which generally provides that a penny stock , is any equity security that has
a market price (as defined) less than U.S. 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock
rules, including Rule 15g-9, which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about
penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current
bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and
the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the
transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock
rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement
to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market
for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers
to trade our securities and reduce the number of potential investors. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest
in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 

According to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market
for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: (1) control of the
market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through
prearranged matching of purchases and sales and through false and misleading press releases; (3) boiler-room practices involving high-pressure
sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and
markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have
been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses.
The occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the future volatility of our share price. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may also
limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny stock rules
described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable
grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their
noninstitutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status,
tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability
that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult
for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and
have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

An investor s ability to trade our
common stock may be limited by trading volume. 

A consistently active trading market for our common
stock may not occur on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system. A limited trading volume may prevent our stockholders
from selling shares at such times or in such amounts as they otherwise may desire. The lack of an active market for our common stock may
impair investors ability to sell their shares at the time they wish to sell them or at a price that they consider reasonable, may
reduce the fair market value of their shares and may impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares
and may impair our ability to acquire additional intellectual property assets by using our shares as consideration. 

28 

We have not voluntarily implemented various
corporate governance measures, in the absence of which, stockholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions,
conflicts of interest and similar matters . 

Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of corporate management
and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies
in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance
measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges and NASDAQ are those that address board of directors 
independence, audit committee oversight and the adoption of a code of ethics. While our board of directors has adopted a Code of Ethics
and an Audit Committee Charter, we have not yet adopted any of the other corporate governance measures, and, since our securities are
not currently listed on a national securities exchange or NASDAQ, we are not currently required to do so. In the event that our common
stock becomes listed, we will be required to adopt these other corporate governance measures, and we intend to do so. It is possible that
if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances that
internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct.
For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent directors,
decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees may be made
by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors should bear in mind
our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions. 

To date, we have not paid any cash dividends,
and no cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. 

We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on
our common stock in the foreseeable future and we may not have sufficient funds legally available to pay dividends. Even if the funds
are legally available for distribution, we may nevertheless decide not to pay any dividends. Further, other classes of our preferred stock
have priority to dividends meaning that even if we had sufficient funds to pay a dividend, there may not be sufficient funds to pay common
stock holders any dividend, after fulfilling our obligations to holders of preferred stock. We currently intend to retain all earnings
for our operations. 

If we fail to develop or maintain an effective
system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately to report our financial results or prevent financial fraud. As a result,
current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting. 

We are subject to the risk that sometime in the
future our independent registered public accounting firm could communicate to the board of directors that we have deficiencies in our
internal control structure that they consider to be significant deficiencies. A significant deficiency is
defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting such that there is more than
a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the entity s financial statements will not be prevented or detected by the entity s
internal controls. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for
us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud,
we could be subject to regulatory action or other litigation and our operating results could be harmed. We are required to document and
test our internal control procedures to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, or SOX ), which requires our management to annually assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. 

29 

We currently are not an accelerated filer 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section
404 requires us to include an internal control report with our Annual Report on Form 10-K. That report must include management s
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year. This report must also
include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that we have identified. As of December 31,
2022, the management of the Company assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based
on SEC guidance on conducting such assessments and on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established
in Internal Control and Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
Management concluded, during the year-ended December 31, 2022, that the Company s internal controls and procedures were effective
to detect the inappropriate application of U.S. GAAP rules. A material weakness in the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting may increase the chance of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce our ability to obtain financing, and require additional expenditures
to comply with these requirements. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. For additional information, see Item 9A Controls and Procedures. 

It may be time-consuming, difficult, and costly
for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may need to hire
additional financial reporting, internal controls, and other finance personnel in order to develop and implement appropriate internal
controls and reporting procedures. If we are unable to comply with the internal controls requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, then
we may not be able to obtain the independent accountant certifications required by such act, which may preclude us from keeping our filings
with the SEC current. 

If we are unable to maintain the adequacy of our
internal controls, as those standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we may
conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. Failure
to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to face regulatory action and cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial information, either of which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

Because our current directors, executive
officers, and preferred stockholders beneficially 6.8 of our fully diluted common stock, they can exert significant control over our
business and affairs and have actual or potential interests that may depart from those of subscribers in our private placements. 

Our current directors and our executive officers
beneficially own or control approximately 6.8 of our fully diluted shares of common stock as of June 30, 2023. Additionally, the holdings
of our directors, and executive officers, and preferred stockholders may increase in the future upon vesting or other maturation of exercise
rights under any of the restricted stock grants, options, or warrants they may hold or in the future be granted, or if they otherwise
acquire additional shares of our common stock. The interests of such persons may differ from the interests of our other stockholders.
As a result, in addition to their board seats and offices, such persons, irrespective of how the Company s other stockholders vote,
may have significant influence over and may control corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the following actions: 

electing or defeating the election our directors; 

to amending or preventing the amendment of our Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws; 

effecting or preventing a transaction, sale of assets, or other corporate transaction; and 

controlling the outcome of any other matter submitted to our stockholders for vote. 

Such persons' stock ownership may discourage a
potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company, which in turn could reduce our
stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

30 

Our certificate of incorporation allows
our board to create new series of preferred stock without approval by our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of the
holders of our common stock. 

Our board of directors has the authority to fix
and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority to issue preferred
stock without stockholder approval. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock granting
holders a preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the
holders of common stock, and the right to redemption of the shares, together with a premium prior to the redemption of our common stock.
In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our
common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result
in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Our financial and operating performance is adversely affected
by the coronavirus pandemic. 

The recent outbreak of a strain of coronavirus
(COVID-19) in the U.S. has had an unfavorable impact on our business operations. Mandatory closures of businesses imposed by the
federal, state and local governments to control the spread of the virus is disrupting the operations of our management, business and finance
teams. In addition, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected the U.S. economy and financial markets, which may result in a long-term
economic downturn that could negatively affect future performance. The extent to which COVID-19 will impact our business and our consolidated
financial results will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at the time of the filing of this
Form 10-K but is expected to result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Cautionary Note 

We have sought to identify what we believe to
be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any of such risks may be realized nor
can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should carefully consider all of such risk factors
before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our principal place of business is located at
2500, 520 5 th Avenue SW, Calgary, Canada T2P 3R7. This sublease may be terminated by either party on 30 days 
notice. Rent is 500 CAD per month. We believe this location is sufficient for our current business purposes. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

As part of our acquisition of AMS we assumed an
action filed against AMS by Ataraxia Canada, Inc., alleging breach of contract, specifically, breach of a nonbinding term sheet providing
for Ataraxia to acquire controlling interest in AMS, and they are seeking 15 million in damages. A Statement of Claim was prepared by
Ataraxia Canada, Inc., as plaintiff, and circulated to Alternative Medical Solutions Inc., as defendant, on August 2, 2018 under the Ontario
Superior Court of Justice (Court file no. CV-17-580157). The parties have engaged in discussions with respect to a potential settlement
of this matter. Counsel has advised that it believes it is premature to speculate on any outcome of this litigation, including the likelihood
of a settlement or any potential liability at this time. 

31 

Our agreement to acquire AMS contained a provision
requiring us to diligently defend against the claims brought forth in, and assume full and complete control of, the Ataraxia litigation,
provided that we shall not enter into any compromise or settlement in respect of the Ataraxia litigation without the prior written consent
of the sellers, which consent is not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. The sellers are obligated to cooperate fully
and make available to us all pertinent information and witnesses under their control, make such assignments and take such other steps
as in the opinion of our counsel are reasonably necessary to enable us to defend against the claims brought forth in the Ataraxia litigation. 

We are currently reviewing a situation with our
legal counsel in order to ascertain whether we have claims against Steven Barber arising out of his default of the Consulting Agreement
we entered into as part of the AMS acquisition more fully described in Part I, Item 1, Business, above. In January 2020,
we received correspondence from counsel for Mr. Barber demanding payment on amounts purported to be due pursuant to his Consulting Agreement
with us. We are currently reviewing whether Mr. Barber has performed pursuant to the terms of the Consulting Agreement. 

No decision on whether to proceed against Mr.
Barber has been reached as of the date of this Report. 

On July 9, 2020, we filed a lawsuit in the United
States District Court for the District of Colorado (1:20-cv-01999-RM-GPG) against Gary Herick, Arrowhead Consulting, LLC, Whitemoon
Energy LLC., Jamie Huttrer a/k/a Jamie Huttrer-Herick, and ZeroRMW, LLC (collectively, the Herick Parties ). The lawsuit
alleges, among other things, the Herick Parties engaged in various legal violations including breach of fiduciary duty, common law fraud,
conversion, usurpation of corporate opportunities, securities violations pursuant to Section 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
and civil conspiracy. Mr. Herick was a former officer and director of the Company. On September 8, the Herick Parties filed a Motion to
Dismiss the Sixth Claim for Relief 10b-5 Federal Securities Law). On September 28, 2020, we filed a First Amended Complaint. On
October 10, 2020, the Herick Parties filed a Motion to Dismiss the Fourth and Fifth Claims for Relief. On October 30, 2020, the Parties
filed a Stipulated Motion for an Extension of Time, through and including November 16, 2020, for us to respond to the Herick Parties 
Motion to Dismiss the Fourth and Fifth Claims for Relief. 

On July 9, 2020, we made a demand of Gary Herick,
Arrowhead Consulting, LLC, Whitemoon Energy LLC., Jamie Huttrer a/k/a Jamie Huttrer-Herick, and ZeroRMW, LLC (collectively, the Herick
Parties for a return of with seeking the return of profits made between the period of August 2018, to January 2019. During this
period, Gary Herick was the Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Issuer. Gary Herick was also the owner of approximately twenty-six
percent (26 of the Issuer s common stock. Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 16(b), 15 U.S.C.S. 78p(b),
an issuer may recover any profits realized by a beneficial owner from the sale of the issuer's equity securities within a six (6) month
period. All unlawful profits must be returned to the Issuer on or before Tuesday, September 8, 2020. If Herick does not return such profits
by that date, the Company will file a lawsuit to recover such profits. 

On February 17, 2021, a Settlement Agreement and
Release together with a Lock Up Agreement were signed by all parties to the lawsuit. As a result, the litigation has been discontinued. 

On April 15, 2021, Bristol Capital Investors,
LLC (BCI) filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles against CannaPharmaRX Inc. and Does
1 50, inclusive (Case No. 21 st CV1 3696). The lawsuit alleges that CannaPharmaRX Inc. (CPMD) breached the Amended and
Restated Limited Liability Company Membership Purchase Agreement it had entered into with Bristol Capital Investors, LLC (BCI) to purchase
BCI s interest in Ramon Road Production Campus, LLC (RRPC), a single asset entity which owned an improved property, known as the
Glass House, located in Cathedral City, California. BCI alleges causes of action for Fraud, Breach of Contract, Breach of the Implied
Covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing, and Negligent Misrepresentation, and seeks compensatory and consequential damages in the amount
of 10.5 millions dollars plus attorneys fees and costs. On November 5, 2021, CPMD served and filed its Answer to BCI s Complaint.
CPMD intends to vigorously defend against BCI s lawsuit, going forward. 

On March 4, 2022, Astor Street, LLC Astor served on CannaPharmaRX a Notice of Intention to Enforce its Security on the property of CannaPharmaRX, pursuant to a General Security
Agreement entered into by Astor and CannaPharmaRX on or about January 6, 2022. The total amount of indebtedness secured by the Agreement,
as alleged by Astor, is two hundred fifty thousand dollars 250,000) as of March 3, 2022, plus costs, plus the cost of one hundred seventeen
thousand six hundred eighty-four (117,684) shares. 

We are not a party to any other legal proceeding
or aware of any other threatened action as of the date of this Report. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable. 

32 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Due to our delinquency in filing some of our required
SEC reports, our common stock is only traded on the Expert Market under the trading symbol CPMD. This significantly
reduces the trading volume and ability to trade our common stock. As a result, current shareholders may not be able to liquidate their
holdings of common stock in a timely manner, if at all. If our common stock returns to trading on the OTC Markets, there may be excessive
pent up demand to sale our common stock and the trading price of our common stock would be subject to significant fluctuations. 

There can be no assurance that a liquid market
will develop in the foreseeable future. 

Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted
under the securities or blue sky laws of certain states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate
their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time. 

The following table sets forth the high and low
bid quotations for our Common Stock as reported on the pink sheets for the periods indicated. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal 2021 

First Quarter 
 0.68 
 0.22 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.27 
 0.04 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.06 
 0.20 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.04 
 0.01 

Fiscal 2022 

First Quarter 
 0.027 
 0.011 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.019 
 0.0100 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.024 
 0.0090 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.016 
 0.0080 

Holders 

As of the date of this Report there were 298,987,175
shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding, which were held by 315 stockholders of record, not including those persons holding
shares in street name. 

33 

Stock Transfer Agent 

Our stock transfer agent for our securities is
Mountain Share Transfer, Inc., 2030 Powers Ferry Road SE, Suite 212, Atlanta, GA 30339. Their telephone number is (303) 460-1149. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

We did not have any equity compensation plans approved by shareholders
at December 31, 2022. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company issued the following
restricted common shares: 

25,000,000 common shares were converted to 40,000 Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 22,775 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted to 28,468,750 shares of common stock. 
 
 2,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock was issued as a deposit on an acquisition and were valued at 52,594. 
 
 97,646,062 common shares were issued upon the conversion of convertible notes and were valued at 1,504,584. 
 
 27,500,000 shares were issued through the sale of common stock in privates placement in which the Company raised 290,012 in proceeds. 
 
 9,000,000 common shares valued at 117,000 were issued for services. 
 
 11,000,000 common shares valued at 147,000 were issued as commitment shares to obtain financing. 

Additionally, the Company issued 40,000 Preferred A Shares valued at
 734,498 as a financing fee to a lender. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None 

No awards were available for issuance pursuant to any equity compensation
plan at December 31, 2022. 

Reports 

We are subject to certain reporting requirements
and furnish annual financial reports to our stockholders, certified by our independent accountants, and furnish unaudited quarterly financial
reports in our quarterly reports filed electronically with the SEC. All reports and information filed by us can be found at the SEC website,
www.sec.gov as well as on our website, www.cannapharmarx.com. 

34 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

As a smaller
reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this
report regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and
objectives of management are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 expects, intends, may, plans, projects, will, would 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these
identifying words. 

We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that the expectations underlying our forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these expectations may prove to be incorrect, and all of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We have included important risks and uncertainties in
the cautionary statements included in this report, particularly the section titled Risk Factors incorporated by reference
herein. We believe these risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements
that we make. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions, projections or expectations
prove incorrect, actual results, performance or financial condition may vary materially and adversely from those anticipated, estimated
or expected. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures
or investments that we may make. We do not assume any obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In the light of these risks and uncertainties,
the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this report may not occur, and actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview and History 

We were originally incorporated in the State of
Colorado in August 1998 under the name Network Acquisitions, Inc. We changed our name to Cavion Technologies, Inc. in February
1999 and subsequently to Concord Ventures, Inc. in October 2006. 

On December 21, 2000, we filed for protection
under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. In connection with the filing, on February 16, 2001, we sold our entire business,
and all of our assets, for the benefit of our creditors. After the sale, we still had liabilities of 8.4 million and were subsequently
dismissed by the Court from the Chapter 11 reorganization, effective March 13, 2001, at which time the last of our remaining directors
resigned. On March 13, 2001, we had no business or other source of income, no assets, no employees or directors, outstanding liabilities
of approximately 8.4 million and had terminated our duty to file reports under securities law. In February 2008, we were re-listed on
the OTC Bulletin Board. 

In April 2010, we re-domiciled in Delaware under
the name CCVG, Inc. CCVG ). Effective December 31, 2010, CCVG completed an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
(the Reorganization which provided for the merger of two of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. As a result of this reorganization,
our name was changed to Golden Dragon Inc. , which became the surviving publicly quoted parent holding company. 

35 

On May 9, 2014, we entered into a Share Purchase
Agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement with CannaPharmaRX, Inc., a Colorado corporation Canna Colorado ),
and David Cutler, a former President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and director of our Company. Under the Share Purchase
Agreement, Canna Colorado purchased 1,421,120 shares of our common stock from Mr. Cutler and an additional 9,000,000 restricted common
shares directly from us. 

On May 15, 2014, as amended and effective
January 29, 2015, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger pursuant to which Canna Colorado became
a subsidiary of our Company. In October 2014, we changed our legal name to CannaPharmaRx, Inc. 

Pursuant to the Merger, all of the shares of our
Common Stock previously owned by Canna Colorado were canceled. As a result of the aforesaid transactions, we became an early-stage pharmaceutical
company whose purpose was to advance cannabinoid research and discovery using proprietary formulation and drug delivery technology then
under development. 

In April 2016, we ceased operations. Our then
management resigned their respective positions with our Company, with the exception of Mr. Gary Herick, who remained as one of our officers
and directors until March 2019. 

Effective December 31, 2018, the Company and Hanover
CPMD Acquisition Corp. CPMD Hanover a newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
with Alternative Medical Solutions, Inc., an Ontario, Canada corporation AMS ), its shareholders, wherein the Company acquired
all of the issued and outstanding securities of AMS. AMS is a corporation organized under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada.
As a result of the completion of the acquisition of AMS on December 31, 2019, the Company no longer fits the definition of a shell
company, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. It filed the required disclosure on Form
8-K/A with the SEC on February 14, 2019, advising that it was no longer a shell company pursuant to the aforesaid Rule. 

On January 6, 2021, the Company executed an Agreement
of Purchase and Sale through its wholly owned subsidiary, Alternative Medical Solutions Inc for the sale of the lands and premises located
at Hanover, Ontario, Canada. The price was 2,000,000 CAD and the closing of this transaction occurred on July 9, 2021. As a result, and
anticipation of the closing, the Company recorded an impairment of goodwill and fixed assets relating to the property of 7,962,694 during
the year ended December 31, 2020. This property is security for a 1,000,000 US note with Koze Investments, LLC by way of a first charge
ranking. At closing, the note was retired with the proceeds from the sale by repayment of the principal of 1,000,000, accrued interest
of 124,735, and penalties of 475,265. This note was discharged on July 13, 2021. 

Effective February 25, 2019, the Company acquired
3,936,500 shares and 2,500,000 Warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock of GN Ventures, Ltd, Alberta, Canada, f/k/a Great
Northern Cannabis, Ltd. GN ), in exchange for an aggregate of 7,988,963 shares of its Common Stock, from a former shareholder
of GN who is now the Company s President and CEO. While no assurances can be provided, the Company believes this is the initial
step in its efforts to acquire all or a significant portion of the issued and outstanding stock of GN. In May 2020, the Company exchanged
5,507,400 of its shares for 3,671,597 shares of GN. 

GN owns a 60,000 square foot cannabis cultivation
and grow facility located on 38 acres in Stevensville, Ontario, Canada. Because the Company is a minority shareholder of GN and GN is
a privately held company, the Company cannot confirm that the information it currently has on GN s operations is complete or fully
reliable. GN estimates annual total production capacity from the Stevensville facility of up to 12,500 kilograms of cannabis. GN believes
the Stevensville facility to be complete, and GN s subsidiary, 9869247 Canada Limited, received a license to cultivate from the
Canadian Ministry of Health on July 5, 2019. As a result, in October 2019, GN commenced cultivation activities and began generating revenues
during the first calendar quarter of 2020. The Company expects that it will obtain additional information on the business activities of
GN as it has renewed discussions to acquire additional interests and is performing its due diligence procedures. 

36 

Effective June 11, 2019, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with Sunniva, Inc, a British Columbia, Canada corporation Sunniva wherein the Company
agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding securities of Sunniva s wholly-owned subsidiaries Sunniva Medical Inc. SMI and 1167025 B.C. LTD 1167025 for CAD 16.0 million in cash and a note in the principal amount of CAD 4.0 million. These
companies are the current owners of the Sunniva Canada Campus, which includes construction assets for a planned 759,000 square-foot greenhouse
located on an approximately 114-acre property in Okanagan Falls, British Columbia. 

On June 8, 2020, the Company received a notice
of termination of this Purchase Agreement, as amended, from Sunniva. As a result, the Company incurred a charge of 1,881,126 due to the
write-off of its deposit to Sunniva, banking fees and prepaid expenses associated with the failed acquisition of Sunniva. The Company
is in discussions with Sunniva, as well as an investment banker who received deposits from the Company, about recovering all or a portion
of its deposits, banking fees, and prepaid expenses. The accompanying financial statements as of December 31, 2022, do not reflect potential
recovery amounts related to Sunniva and other parties, if any. 

On January 6, 2022, the Company entered into a
20 year operating lease with Formosa Mountain Ltd., for a cannabis production facility in Cremona, Alberta, Canada. The facility is a
55,000 square foot plant, built in 2015. Production and sales are anticipated in Q3 of 2023. 

CannaPharmaRx recommissioned the facility into
a new indoor cannabis farm during 2022. It is a 55,000 square foot facility with 11 growing rooms and 10 drying and packing rooms. The
Company received an Operating License from Health Canada on December 9, 2022, and a Cannabis License from the Canada Revenue Agency on
December 22, 2022. 

Production and sales are anticipated in Q3 of
2023. The expected date of the first harvest, under the new license, is on or about August 08 th , 2023 with the second harvest
on or about September 11 th . Both harvests are expected to yield around 100KG of saleable cannabis flower product. 

Preliminary discussion with export partners,
would set conditional pe gram pricing at approximately 3.30 CDN/gr. This pricing matrix would be based on achieving satisfactory test
results associated to THC and CBD content of the dried flower. Expected revenues for both harvests, if sold in their entirety, would
be forecasted at 660,000.00 CDN. A third and fourth harvest are planned in Q4 with similarly forecasted revenues. 

Our principal place of business is located at
3600 888-3 rd Street SW, Calgary, Alberta, Canada, phone 949-652-6838. Our website address is www.cannapharmarx.com. 

Because we have not generated any revenues during
our prior two years, the following is our Plan of Operation. 

37 

PLAN OF OPERATION 

See Part 1, Item 1, Business, above
for a detailed discussion of our current business activities and plan of operation, the contents of which are incorporated herein as if
set forth. 

Recent Funding 

Between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022
the Company issued 912,952 in new convertible debentures to accredited investors with 12 month terms to maturity and interest rates between
5 and 10 and 552,517 of the outstanding convertible notes have been converted into Common Shares. 

During the fourth quarter, the Company entered
into 218,002 of new convertible debentures to accredited investors with 12 month terms to maturity and an interest rate of 10 . These
debentures are convertible at any time up after 180 days at the lowest trading price during the previous 20 trading days. Prepayment is
authorized between 0 and 180 days at 115 to 135 . 

For additional information, see Note 15 Subsequent
Events included in Item 8. of this Form 10-K. 

Going Concern 

Substantial doubt exists as to our ability to
continue as a going concern based on the fact that we do not have adequate working capital to finance our day-to-day operations. The Company
did not have any revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s operating deficit of 94,695,339 as of December
31, 2022 indicates substantial uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
include engaging in further research and development and raising additional capital in the short term to fund such activities through
sales of its common stock. Management s ability to implement its plans and continue as a going concern may be dependent upon raising
additional capital. Our continued existence depends on the success of our efforts to raise additional capital necessary to meet our obligations
as they come due and to obtain sufficient capital to execute our business plan. We may obtain capital primarily through issuances of debt
or equity or entering into collaborative arrangements with corporate partners. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in
completing additional financing or collaboration transactions or, if financing is available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable
terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we may be required to further scale down or perhaps even
cease the operation of our business. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the
equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities
and future cash commitments. Our financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Results of Operations 

The Company does not currently sell or market
any products and did not have any sales in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company will commence actively marketing
products after the products have been cleared or approved by Health Canada, but there can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful
in obtaining Health Canada clearance or approval for our products. 

Costs of Goods Sold 

The Company did not have sales for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 and, accordingly, there were no cost of goods sold. 

38 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had no gross profit or gross margin. 

Operating Expenses 

Our operating expenses consist primarily of general
and administrative expenses, which include salaries, stock-based compensation expense and legal and professional fees associated with
the costs for services or employees in finance, accounting, sales, administrative activities and the formation and compliance of a public
company. 

Overall operating expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 5,211,809 compared to operating expenses of 2,993,169 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 2,218,640.
The increase is primarily attributable to an accrual of 1,303,452 in the 2022 period due to penalties related to the Company s
convertible loan defaults and failure to maintain public listing compared to no accrual in the 2021 period and due to an increase in payroll
expense of 1,787,832 in the 2022 period due to the addition of payroll expense at Cremora and additional payroll accruals for officers,
partially offset by a decrease of 376,699 in acquisition expenses during the 2022 period and a decrease of 685,000 in professional fees
during the 2022 period. 

Other expense 

Other expense was 3,319,211 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to 5,839,330, a reduction of 2,520,000. 

Other income (expense) 

Interest (expense) 
 (2,290,319 
 (1,507,391 
 
 Gain or (loss) on the extinguishment of debt 
 (929,912 
 (1,452,629 
 
 Gain on the sale of investments 
 
 623,553 
 
 Loss on investments 
 
 (6,672,019 
 
 Change in the fair value of derivative liability 
 (501,374 
 3,169,156 
 
 Other income 
 402,394 

Other income (expense) net 
 (3,319,211 
 (5,839,330 

Net Loss 

As a result of the foregoing the Company incurred
a loss of 8,531,020 or (0.04) per share compared to a loss of 8,832,499 or 0.12) per share. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,317 in
cash as compared to 27,767 at December 31, 2021. 

Cash flows used in operating activities was 1,448,364
for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,414,656 used in operating activities for year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease
of 966,292. 

Cash flow used in investing activities was (115,998)
for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 493,623 during the year ended December
31, 2022. The increase in cash used in operating activities in the 2022 period is attributable to 539,376 in proceeds from the sale of
the AMS building in 2021 compared to -0- proceeds in the 2022 period. 

Cash flows from financing activities was 1,404,703
during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1,340,479 during the year ended 2021. 

39 

Subsequent
Events 

On May 25, 2023 the Company entered into a one
year maturity from the date of each advance an unsecured Master Promissory Note agreement Master Note with Koze Investments,
LLC. Koze under the terms of the Master Note, Koze agreed to advance up to 2,000,000 to the Company in funding to pay
for certain documented Company expenses. The Note bears interest at 24 compounded monthly. As of June 30, 2023 Koze had advanced approximately
 1,000,000 to the Company pursuant to the terms of the Master Note and charged approximately 70,000 in interest on those advances. 

We previously entered into an agreement to acquire
certain equity interests in LTB Management, LLC. Both the Company and the sellers have agreed to terminate that agreement and negotiate
and enter into a new agreement to better reflect the current state of the Company and our prospective business operations. Once this agreement
has been reached, we will provide information concerning the final terms of that agreement in accordance with our filing obligations. 

Critical Accounting Policies
and Estimates 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Our financial statements and accompanying notes
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates,
judgments, and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We continually evaluate the accounting
policies and estimates used to prepare the financial statements. The estimates are based on historical experience and assumptions believed
to be reasonable under current facts and circumstances. Actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates made by management. 

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

Management has reviewed all other recently issued,
but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to
cause a material impact on our financial condition or the results of our operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to
investors. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this
information. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements and supplementary financial
information required by this Item are set forth immediately following the signature page and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None 

40 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

These controls are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO/CFO to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, at reasonable assurance levels. 

We believe that our financial statements presented
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows
for all periods presented herein. 

Inherent Limitations Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdown can occur because
of simple error or mistake. In particular, many of our current processes rely upon manual reviews and processes to ensure that neither
human error nor system weakness has resulted in erroneous reporting of financial data. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, which were identified in conjunction with management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

41 

Management
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange
Act. Those rules define internal control over financial reporting as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013). 

Based on its assessment, management has concluded
that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

42 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set forth below are the directors and executive
officers of the Company as of December 31, 2022. Except as set forth below, there are no other persons who have been nominated or chosen
to become directors, nor are there any other persons who have been chosen to become executive officers. Other than as set forth below,
there are no arrangements or understandings between any of the directors, officers and other persons pursuant to which such person was
selected as a director or an officer. 

Name 
 
 Position Held with Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Dominic Colvin 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer, President; and current Director 
 
 53 
 
 April 2018 
 
 Dean Medwid 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 55 
 
 June 2023 
 
 Richard Orman 
 
 Director 
 
 72 
 
 April 2019 
 
 Andrew Steedman 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 60 
 
 April 2019 
 
 John Cassels 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 74 
 
 April 2019 

Our Board of Directors believes that all members
of the Board and all executive officers encompass a range of talent, skill, and experience sufficient to provide sound and prudent guidance
with respect to our operations and interests. The information below with respect to our sole officer and director includes his experience,
qualifications, attributes, and skills necessary for him to serve as a director and/or executive officer. 

Biographies 

Dominick Colvin , 53, was appointed
as our Chief Executive Officer, President and a director in April 2018. He resigned these positions in November 2018 but was re-appointed
to these positions again in February 2019. In addition to his positions with our Company, since June 2007 Mr. Colvin has been President
of PLC International Investments, Inc., a private held Canadian company engaged in power production, oil and coal mining. 

Marc Branson , 45, was appointed
as a director of our Company in April 2019. In addition, since January 2018 he has been the owner and co-founder of Titan Technologies,
Inc., Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, a development stage privately held technology company focused on AI powered block chain solutions
for businesses. Since October 2016 he has also been the President and director of Catalina Gold Corp., a publicly traded Canadian company.
Previously, from October 2013 through June 2015 he was President and a director of Lightning Ventures Inc., a publicly held manufacturer
and distributor of specialty oil and gas products. Since 2007 he has also been President and a director of CapWest Investments., a private
investment corporation that focuses on development stage companies. He received a degree in International Business from Open Learning
University in 2000 and received a Business Management certificate from Capilano College in 1997. 

Richard D. Orman , 72, was appointed
as a director of our Company in April 2019. In addition, he is currently the President of PLM Consultants, LTD, Calgary, Alberta, Canada,
a privately held business consulting company, a position he has held since 1982. In 1986 Mr. Orman was elected to the Legislative Assembly
of Alberta and was appointed to the provincial cabinet as Minister of Career Development and Employment. In 1988 he was appointed Minister
of Labor. He was re-elected in 1989 and was then appointed Minster of Energy. He has over 35 years of experience with publicly traded
companies in Canada, including Chairman and CEO of Kappa Energy Company, Inc., from 19914 to 2001, a director of Vanguard Oil Corp. from
1998 through 2001, and Executive Vice Chairman of Exceed Energy Company, Inc. from 2003 through 2005, Each of the aforesaid companies
had their securities traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange. In addition, he was Vice Chairman of Novatel Inc., a company traded on NASDAQ
from 2004 through 2007 and from 2007 through 2011 he was the lead director of Daylight Energy Ltd, also traded on the TSX. From 2015 through
February 2019 he was a consultant and senior counsel at Canadian Strategy Group, a government relations firm located in Edmonton, Alberta.
In 2012 he was elected to the Board of Directors and currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Wescan Energy Corp. a company traded
on the TSX. In 2016 he was elected and currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Persta Resources, Inc., a company
traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Orman received a Bachelor of Arts degree with honors from Eastern Washington University in
1971. 

43 

Andrew Steedman, Chief Operating Officer. 
Mr. Steedman is Chief Operating Officer of CannaPharmaRx, Inc. Prior to joining CannaPharmaRx, Mr. Steedman was the President of his own
management consulting firm. From 2005 to 2015 he was Vice President of Operations for NXT Energy Solutions Inc. where he was responsible
for the signing and execution of over 50 million in contracts in Canada, the USA and internationally. From 2001 to 2003 he was President
and CEO of Wireless Networks and was responsible for the overall strategic direction of the company. From 1999 to 2001, he was Senior
Manager of Business Development with Nortel Networks. In this role he was responsible for developing Nortel's unlicensed wireless strategy,
identifying strategic partners, developing relationships with key customers and negotiating OEM agreements with key partners. From 1994
to 1999, Mr. Steedman held various positions within Nortel including product management, project management, international business development
and marketing. From 1991 to 1994, Mr. Steedman consulted in Bangkok to the Telephone Organization of Thailand (TOT). He was responsible
for the construction of a network management center that would monitor the TOT's national network. Mr. Steedman holds a B.Sc. in Electrical
Engineering and an MBA both from the University of Calgary. 

John H. Cassels, Chief Financial Officer. 
Mr. Cassels s career focus for more than three decades has been the junior oil and gas exploration and production sector of
the energy industry in Canada, the United States and Argentina. A CPA, CA. He has served as a CEO or CFO and a Director of twelve early
stage companies, all but one of which were eventually TSX or NYSE listed companies. With a sharp financial bent, Mr. Cassels has provided
a guiding hand to the entities through initiatives to raise capital from under 1 million to 33 million and developed internally generated
cash flow for sustained growth while actively participating in accretive mergers, strategic acquisitions and value-added divestitures.
Mr. Cassels served as CFO for Purdy Partners (a private equity firm), CEO of Highview Resources (sold to Wild River Resources),
CFO of Redwood Energy and Landover Energy (both subsequently sold), CEO of Raider Resources and Fortune Energy, CFO of PanContinental
Oil and Tri-Power Petroleum (both sold) and CFO of Anschutz Canada Exploration (sold to Pembina Resources). 

Dean P. Medwid, Chief Executive Officer. 
Mr Medwid was appointed as Chief Executive officer of Cannapharmarx Inc. June 01 st , 202e after the resignation of Mr. Dominic
Colvin. Mr. Medwid is a dynamic senior executive with more than 30 years of experience in both public and private markets with a focus
on scalable process engineering, brand development and strategic partnerships. He has been recognized with numerous business awards and
accolades, including Profit 100 s Top 100 in Canada, five years in a row while a partner in Seattle s Best Coffee, additionally
was a awarded the recognition of being one of Vancouvers Top 40 Under 40 business executives. Mr. Medwid has a demonstrated history of
increasing corporate performance through the management of process design, customer relationships, strategic planning along with a focused
initiative of data-driven change management and utilized these skills as President of New Leaf Ventures, a publicly trade cannabis company
with operations in both Canada and the USA; along with his time at Genuine Parts Company (NYSE:GPC) as the President of a wholly owned
subsidiary, Altrom. His motivational management style along with a record of building and retaining highly motivated leadership teams
and distributor networks allows for certain growth. He has been in the cannabis industry for several years focused on mergers and acquisitions
and harnessing the health and wellness benefits of plant material and distillates; so much so, that in 2022, he launched Fourth Dimension
Biotech, a supplements company focused manufacturing consumer products utilizing specific cannabis generated isolates along with functional
mushrooms to support your daily health regime. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between and
among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Conflicts of Interest 

There are no conflicts of interest with any officers, directors or
executive staff. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, during the past
five years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director or executive officer of the company: (1) any
bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time
of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending
criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of any competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by
a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the commodities futures trading commission
to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

44 

Committees of the Board 

Our Board of Directors held three formal meetings
in the year-ended December 31, 2022. Otherwise, all proceedings of the Board of Directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in
writing by all of the directors and filed with the minutes of the Company. 

Board Nominations and Appointments 

In considering whether to nominate any particular
candidate for election to the Board of Directors, we will use various criteria to evaluate each candidate, including an evaluation of
each candidate s integrity, business acumen, knowledge of our business and industry, experience, diligence, conflicts of interest
and the ability to act in the interests of our stockholders. The Board of Directors plans to evaluate biographical information and interview
selected candidates in the next fiscal year and also plans to consider whether a potential nominee would satisfy the listing standards
for independence of The Nasdaq Stock Market and the SEC s definition of audit committee financial expert. 
The Board of Directors does not plan to assign specific weights to particular criteria and no particular criterion will be a prerequisite
for each prospective nominee. 

We do not have a formal policy with regard to
the consideration of director candidates recommended by our stockholders, however, stockholder recommendations relating to director nominees
may be submitted in accordance with the procedures set forth below under the heading Communicating with the Board of Directors . 

Communicating with the Board of Directors 

Stockholders who wish to send communications to
the Board of Directors may do so by writing to 888 3rd Street SW, Suite 3600 Calgary, Alberta, CanadaT2P 5C5. The mailing envelope
must contain a clear notation indicating that the enclosed letter is a Stockholder-Board Communication. All such letters
must identify the author as a stockholder and must include the stockholder s full name, address and a valid telephone number. The
name of any specific intended recipient should be noted in the communication. We will forward any such correspondence to the intended
recipients; however, prior to forwarding any such correspondence, and we will review such correspondence, and in our discretion, may not
forward communications that relate to ordinary business affairs, communications that are primarily commercial in nature, personal grievances
or communications that relate to an improper or irrelevant topic or are otherwise inappropriate for the Board of Director s consideration. 

Compensation of Directors 

The Company has been accruing 10,000 CAD per
month per director since January 1, 2019, however to date none of these have been paid. As of December 31, 2022 there was 939,479 USD
in unpaid director fees, which includes 150,000 owed to former directors accrued since 2016. Directors are not paid for meetings attended.
However, we intend to review and consider future proposals regarding board compensation. All travel and lodging expenses associated with
corporate matters are reimbursed by us, if and when incurred. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

No interlocking relationship exists between our
Board of Directors and the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company, nor has any interlocking relationship existed
in the past. 

Code of Ethics 

As part of our system of corporate governance,
our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code for directors and executive officers
of the Company. This Code is intended to focus each director and executive officer on areas of ethical risk, provide guidance to directors
and executive officer to help them recognize and deal with ethical issues, provide mechanisms to report unethical conduct, and help foster
a culture of honesty and accountability. Each director and executive officer must comply with the letter and spirit of this Code. We have
also adopted a Code of Ethics for Financial Executives applicable to our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers to promote
honest and ethical conduct; full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure; and compliance with applicable laws, rules and
regulations. We intend to disclose any changes in or waivers from our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Code of Ethics for Financial
Executives by filing a Form 8-K or by posting such information on our website. 

45 

Board of Directors 

Our board of directors currently consists of two
members. Our bylaws permit our board of directors to establish by resolution the authorized number of directors, and five directors are
currently authorized. Messrs. Nicosia and Samuelson resigned on March 12, 2021.Mr. Branson resigned on May 17, 2023 

Director Independence 

Under the rules of the national securities exchanges,
a majority of a listed company s board of directors must be comprised of independent directors, and each member of a listed company s
audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees must be independent as well. Under the same rules, a director
will only qualify as an independent director if that company s board of directors affirmatively determines that such
director has no material relationship with that company, either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with that company. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by applicable laws,
rules, and listing standards including, without limitation, the standards for independent directors established by The New York Stock
Exchange, Inc., the NASDAQ National Market, and the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Subject to some exceptions, these standards generally
provide that a director will not be independent if (a) the director is, or in the past three years has been, an employee of ours; (b)
a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, an executive officer of ours; (c) the director
or a member of the director s immediate family has received more than 120,000 per year in direct compensation from us other than
for service as a director (or for a family member, as a non-executive employee); (d) the director or a member of the director s
immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, employed in a professional capacity by our independent public accountants, or
has worked for such firm in any capacity on our audit; (e) the director or a member of the director s immediate family is, or in
the past three years has been, employed as an executive officer of a company where one of our executive officers serves on the compensation
committee; or (f) the director or a member of the director s immediate family is an executive officer of a company that makes payments
to, or receives payments from, us in an amount which, in any twelve-month period during the past three years, exceeds the greater of 1,000,000
or two percent of that other company s consolidated gross revenues. Based on these standards, we have determined that our director
is not an independent director. 

Our board of directors has determined Messrs.
Branson and Orman are independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

In addition, following the effectiveness of the
registration statement of which this report is a part, the members of our audit committee must satisfy the independence criteria set forth
in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Rule 10A-3. In order to be considered to be independent for purposes
of Rule 10A-3, no member of the audit committee may, other than in his capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors
or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the company
or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our articles of incorporation provides that we
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, indemnify our directors, officers and certain other persons.
Our bylaws provides that our directors, officers and certain other persons shall be indemnified and held harmless by us to the fullest
extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires
our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports regarding ownership of, and
transactions in, our securities with the SEC and to provide us with copies of those filings. 

Based solely on our review of the copies of such
forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year-ended December 31, 2022,
none of our greater than 10 percent beneficial owners failed to comply on a timely basis with all applicable filing requirements under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

46 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

General Philosophy 

Our Board of Directors is responsible for establishing
and administering the Company s executive and director compensation. 

Executive Compensation 

The following summary compensation table indicates
the cash compensation earned from the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for our named executive officers. These
salaries were accrued but not paid. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Position 
 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Total ) 

Nick Colvin 
 (1) 
 2022 
 94,652 
 
 94,652 

John Cassels 
 (2) 
 2022 
 94,652 
 
 94,652 

Andrew Steedman 
 (3) 
 2022 
 94,652 
 
 94,652 

(1) 
 Was appointed as director in April 2018. Mr. Colvin resigned his positions with the Company in November 2018. In February 2019 he was again appointed as President, CEO and Director. 

(2) 
 Was appointed to Chief Financial Officer in April 2019. 

(3) 
 Was appointed to Chief Operating Officer in April 2019. 

47 

Key Employee Employment Agreements 

The Company has an Employment Agreement with
Dominic Colvin to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The Agreement is dated April 23, 2019. The Contracts provide
for an annual salary of CAD 120,000 and a signing bonus of US 20,000. During 2020 and 2021 the salaries were accrued and partially paid.
The unpaid amounts were accrued in the financial statements of the Company. 

The Company has an Employment Agreement with Andrew
Steedman to serve as Chief Operating Officer. The Agreement is dated April 23, 2019. The Contracts provide for an annual salary of CAD
 120,000 and a signing bonus of US 20,000. During 2020 and 2021 the salaries were paid intermittently. The unpaid amounts were accrued
in the financial statements of the Company. 

The Company has Employment Agreements with John
Cassels to serve as Chief Financial Officer. The Agreement dated April 23, 2019. The Contracts provide for an annual salary of CAD 120,000
and a signing bonus of US 20,000. 

During 2020 and 2021 the salaries were paid intermittently.
The unpaid amounts were accrued in the financial statements of the Company. 

Options Granted to Named Executives 

None 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None 

Equity Compensation Plan Information and Issuances 

Our current policy is that all full-time key employees
are considered annually for the possible grant of stock options, depending upon qualifying performance criteria. The criteria for the
awards are experience, uniqueness of contribution to our business and the level of performance shown during the year. Stock options are
intended to enhance the ability of the Company and its Affiliates to attract and retain exceptionally qualified individuals upon whom,
in large measure, the sustained progress, growth and profitability of the Company depend. 

Pension Benefits 

None of our named executive officers is covered
by a pension plan or other similar benefit plan that provides for payments or other benefits at, following, or in connection with retirement. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

None of our named executive officers is covered
by a defined contribution or other plan that provides for the deferral of compensation on a basis that is not tax-qualified. 

48 

Equity Incentive Plan 

As of the date of this Report we do not have any equity compensation
plan but may adopt one or more in the future. 

In accordance with the ACS 718, Compensation
 Stock Compensation , awards granted are valued at fair value at the grant date. The Company recognizes compensation expense
on a pro rata straight-line basis over the requisite service period for stock-based compensation awards with both graded and cliff vesting
terms. The Company recognizes the cumulative effect of a change in the number of awards expected to vest in compensation expense in the
period of change. The Company has not capitalized any portion of its stock-based compensation. 

Director Compensation 

In January 2019, the Board authorized and approved
a monthly director fee of 10,000 (CAD) for each director. All of these fees have been accrued. 

We do not believe risks arising from our compensation
policies and practices for our employees are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect upon us 

Changes in Control. 

There are currently no arrangements which may
result in a change of control of our company. 

Non-Cumulative Voting 

The holders of our shares of common stock do not
have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50 of such outstanding shares, voting for the election of Directors,
can elect all of the Directors to be elected, if they so choose. In such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to
elect any of our Directors. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Except as otherwise stated, the table below sets
forth in formation concerning the beneficial ownership of Common Stock as of June 30, 2023 for: (1) each director currently serving on
our Board of Directors; (2) each of our named executive officers; (3) our directors and executive officers as a group; and (4) each person
known to the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. As of June 30, 2023, there were 298,987,175
shares of Common Stock outstanding, 84,416 Preferred A Shares convertible into 105,520,000 Shares of Common Stock, and 2,475,000 Series
B Preferred Shares convertible in 2,475,000 shares of common stock for a total of 406,982,175 fully diluted shares. Except as otherwise
noted, each stockholder has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned. 

49 

Title of Class 

Name and Address 
 of Beneficial Owner 1 

Amount and Nature 
 of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent of Class 2 
 
 Common 
 
 Dominic Colvin 
Suite 206, 1180 Sunset Drive 
Kelowna, BC Z1Y 9W6 
 
 1,004,454 
 
 Less than 1 
 
 Series A Preferred 

Dominic Colvin 
 Suite 206, 1180 Sunset Drive 
 Kelowna, BC Z1Y9W6 
 
 8,715,000 
 
 2.1 
 
 Series A Preferred 

Andrew Steedman 
 3600, 888 3 rd Street
 SW 
 Calgary, Alberta, T2P 5C5 
 
 11,000,000 
 
 2.7 
 
 Common 

Andrew Steedman 
 3600,888 3 rd Street
 SW 
 Calgary, Alberta T2P 5C5 
 
 375,000 
 
 Less than 1 
 
 Series A Preferred 

John Cassels 
 3600, 888 - 3 rd Street SW 
 Calgary, Alberta, T2P 0C5 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 1.2 
 
 Common 

John Cassels 
 3600,888 3 rd Street
 SW 
 Calgary, Alberta T2P 5C5 
 
 881,637 
 
 Less than 1 
 
 Common 

Richard Orman 
 3600, 888-3 rd Street SW 
 Calgary, Alberta T2P 5C5 
 
 625,725 
 
 Less than 1 

Total Beneficial Holders 
 as a Group 
 
 27,601,091 
 
 6.8 

5 or greater shareholders 

Series A Preferred 
 
 Clear Think Partners 
210 West 77th Street #7W 
New York, New York 10024 
Robert Brown has voting control 
 
 50,000,000 
 
 12.3 

1 The address of record is c/o CannaPharmaRx, Inc., 888
 3rd Street SW, Suite 3600, Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2P 5C5. 

2 Applicable percentages are based on beneficially owned shares outstanding as of
June 30, 2023 and includes issued and outstanding shares of common stock, preferred shares as if converted to common stock as well as
vested but unissued restricted shares. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or
investment power with respect to securities. A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such
person within 60 days whether upon the exercise of options or otherwise. Shares of Common Stock subject to options and warrants currently
exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days after the date of this report, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person
holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes
to this table, the Company believes that each of the shareholders named in the table has sole voting power. 

50 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Persons 

As of December 31, 2022, there have been no transactions,
or currently proposed transactions, in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000
or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed years, and in which any of the following persons
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Named Executive Officers and Current Directors 

For information regarding compensation for our
named executive officers and current directors, see Executive Compensation. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

BF Borgers, Certified Public Accountants, PBTK was our independent registered public accounting firm appointed on August 21, 2020. The following table summarizes the aggregate fees
for professional audit and other services rendered by BF Borgers, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and the aggregate fees
for professional audit and other services rendered by BF Borgers during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 128,000 
 114,800 
 
 Total 
 128,000 
 114,800 

(1) 
 Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our financial statements and review of our quarterly financial statements. 

The Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed
with the Company's management and BF Borgers, its independent registered public accounting firm the audited financial statements of the
Company contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Company's 2020 fiscal year. The Board has also discussed with the
auditors the matters required to be discussed pursuant to SAS No. 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU Section 380),
which includes, among other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of the Company's financial statements. 

The Board has received and reviewed the written
disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board Standard No.
1 (Independence Discussions with Audit Committees) and has discussed with its auditors its independence from the Company. The Board has
considered whether the provision of services other than audit services is compatible with maintaining auditor independence. 

Based on the review and discussions referred to
above, the Board approved the inclusion of the audited financial statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
its 2022 fiscal year for filing with the SEC. 

Pre-Approval Policies 

The Board's policy is to pre-approve all audit
services and all permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be provided by the Company's independent registered
public accounting firm; provided, however, pre-approval requirements for non-audit services are not required if all such services (1)
do not aggregate to more than five percent of total revenues paid by the Company to its accountant in the fiscal year when services are
provided; (2) were not recognized as non-audit services at the time of the engagement; and (3) are promptly brought to the attention of
the Board and approved prior to the completion of the audit. 

51 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES. 

The following exhibits are included with this Report: 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act (filed herewith). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act (filed herewith). 

32 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

The following exhibits have previously been filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date indicated. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed With 
 
 Date Filed 
 
 EX-2 Exhibits: Plans of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangements Liquidations and Successions 

2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger between CannaPharmaRx, Inc. (DE), CannaPharmaRX, Inc. (CO) and CPHR Acquisition Corp. (subsidiary of Canna DE) dated 4/21/15 
 
 8-K Dated 4/21/15 
 
 04/24/15 

EX-3 Exhibits: Articles of Incorporation/Organization and Bylaws 

3-1b 
 
 Bylaws of Golden Dragon Holding Co. Adopted 12/31/10 
 
 10-K for YE 12/31/13 
 
 02/06/14 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Dragon Holding Co. dated 10/22/14 (changing name to CannaPharmaRx, Inc.) dated 10/22/14 filed with Delaware Secretary of State 
 
 8-K Dated 10/23/14 
 
 10/24/14 

EX-10 Exhibits: Material Contracts 

10.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between Golden Dragon Holding Co., CannaPharmaRX, and CPHR Acquisition Corp. (subsidiary of Golden Dragon) dated 5/15/14 
 
 8-K Dated 5/15/14 
 
 06/04/14 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement and Representations-exchange shares of CannaPharmaRX, Inc. (DE) to shareholders of CannaPharmaRX, Inc. (CO) (undated) 
 
 10-K for FYE 12/31/14 
 
 03/31/15 
 
 10.1 
 
 Confidential Settlement and Release of Claims Agreement between CannaPharmaRX, Inc. and Gary Herick, Gerald Crocker, James Smeeding, Matthew Sherwood and Robert Liess and Gary M. Cohen dated 3/30/15 
 
 8-K Dated 3/30/15 
 
 04/03/15 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement, Consent and Representations between-exchange shares of CannaPharmaRX, Inc. (DE) to shareholders of CannaPharmaRX, Inc. (CO) (undated) 
 
 10-Q for Quarter Ended 3/31/15 
 
 05/14/15 
 
 10.3 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Alternative Medical Solutions Inc. and Shareholders thereof and CannaPharmaRX, Inc. and Hanover CPMD Acquisition Corp. dated 11/19/18 
 
 8-K Dated 11/19/18 
 
 11/21/18 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 10-K for FYE 12/31/18 
 
 04/03/2019 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Convertible Debenture 
 
 10-K for FYE 12/31/18 
 
 04/03/2019 
 
 10.6 
 
 CPMD May 25, 2023 Master Note 

10.7 
 
 Dean Medwid Employment Contract dated June 01 st , 2023 
 
 8-K Dated 6/1/23 
 
 06/23/23 

52 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunder duly authorized. 

CANNAPHARMARX, INC. 

Dated:
 September 1, 2023 
 By: 
 s/ Dean Medwid 

Dean Medwid 

Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
 s/ John Cassels 

John Cassels, 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this
Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on
September 1, 2023. 

s/ Dominic Colvin 

 Dominic Colvin, Director 

s/ Richard D. Orman 

 Richard D. Orman, Director 

53 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting
Firm 
 
 F-2 

Audited Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of CannaPharmaRx, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of CannaPharmaRx, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ 

 BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since
2018 

September 1, 2023 

F- 2 

CANNAPHARMARX, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 ASSETS 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Current assets 

Cash 

HST Receivable 

Prepaid expense 

Other assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Right of use building, net 

Investments 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Accrued legal settlement 

Notes payable 

Convertible notes -net of discount 

Derivative liability 

Loan payable - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Liability for right of use building long-term 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit 

Preferred stock, Series A, par value, shares authorized,
 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred Stock Series B, par value, shares authorized
 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized,
 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock, and shares as of December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' (Equity) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CANNAPHARMARX, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Acquisition expenses 

Depreciation expense 

Stock based compensation 

Travel and entertainment 

Rent 

Professional fees 

Payroll and consulting fees 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest (expense) 

Gain or (loss) on the extinguishment of debt 

Gain on the sale of assets 

Loss on investments 

Change in the fair value of derivative liability 

Other income 

Other income (expense) net 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision (credit) for income tax 

Net (loss) 

Basic and diluted (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CANNAPHARMARX, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred
 Stock Series A 
 Preferred
 Stock Series B 
 Common
 Stock 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Equity/ 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 deficit 
 income
 (loss) 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Change in foreign currency translation 

Conversion of Series A Preferred to
 common 

Sale of Series A Preferred 

Sale of common stock in private placement 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Commitment shares issued with convertible
 note 

Beneficial conversion feature of convertible
 notes 

Stock based compensation related to
 warrant issuances 

Conversion of convertible notes to
 common shares 

Loss on loan conversions 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

(continued) 

F- 5 

Preferred Stock Series A 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series B 
 Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Other comprehensive 
 Equity/ 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 income (loss) 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income (loss) 

Change in foreign
currency translation 

Conversion of
Series A Preferred to common stock 

To convert common
shares to Preferred A Shares 

Conversion of
convertible notes to common shares 

Sale of common
stock in private placement 

Issuance of
Series B shares for deposit on acquisition 

Issuance of
common stock for services 

Commitment shares
issued with convertible note 

Beneficial conversion
feature of convertible notes 

Stock based
compensation related to warrant issuances 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CANNAPHARMARX, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED
CASH FLOWS 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
 by (used for) operating activities 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Loss on investments 

Advertising expense paid with common stock 

Stock issued in connection with financing 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on the extinguishment of debt 

Change in the fair value of derivatives 

Depreciation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(Increase)/decrease in prepaid expenses 

HST Receivable 

Prepaids 

Other assets 

Accrued interest 

Accrued expense related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expense 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net impact from sale of AMS building excluding mortgage
 payoff 

Purchase of private company equity 

Net cash by investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock 

Proceeds from convertible loans 

Repayments of convertible notes 

Common stock issued in connection with financing 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock in private placements 

Repayments of related party notes 

Proceeds from related party loans 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Net Increase In Cash 

Cash At The Beginning Of The Period 

Cash At The End Of The Period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Acquisition of right of use
 assets for lease obligations 

Preferred stock issued as a
 deposit on an acquisition 

Common stock issued for advertising
 expense 

Common stock issued to convert
 convertible notes and accrued interest into equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

CANNAPHARMARX, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

The facility is a 48,750 square foot marijuana
grow facility built on a 6.7-acre parcel of land located in Hanover, Ontario Canada. To date, the exterior construction of the building
has been completed. However, no interior construction has begun. Upon full completion, the facility will contain up to 20 separate growing
rooms which we believe will provide an annual production capacity of 9,500 kilos of marijuana (20,900 lbs.). Completion of the build-out
of the facility is expected to take an estimated 20 weeks. Together with the remaining equipment needed to complete the grow the Company
estimates that it will require approximately CAD 20.0 million in additional financing which it may seek to raise via equity and debt.
There can be no assurances that the Company will successfully raise the financing required to complete the construction of the facility
and begin cultivation. 

As a result of the completion of the acquisition
of AMS on December 31, 2019, the Company no longer fits the definition of a shell company, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. It filed the required disclosure on Form 8-K/A with the SEC on February 14, 2019, advising
that it was no longer a shell company pursuant to the aforesaid Rule. 

Effective February 25, 2019, the Company acquired
 shares and Warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock of GN Ventures, Ltd., Alberta, Canada, f/k/a Great
Northern Cannabis, Ltd. GN ), in exchange for an aggregate of shares of its Common Stock, from a former shareholder
of GN who is now the Company s President and CEO. While no assurances can be provided, the Company believes this is the initial
step in its efforts to acquire all or a significant portion of the issued and outstanding stock of GN. In May 2020, the Company exchanged
 of its shares for shares of GN. 

GN owns a 60,000 square foot cannabis cultivation
and grow facility located on 38 acres in Stevensville, Ontario, Canada. Because the Company is a minority shareholder of GN and GN is
a privately held company, the Company cannot confirm that the information it currently has on GN s operations is complete or fully
reliable. GN estimates annual total production capacity from the Stevensville facility of up to 12,500 kilograms of cannabis. GN believes
the Stevensville facility to be complete, and GN s subsidiary, 9869247 Canada Limited, received a license to cultivate from the
Canadian Ministry of Health on July 5, 2019. As a result, in October 2019, GN commenced cultivation activities and began generating revenues
during the first calendar quarter of 2020. The Company expects that it will obtain additional information on the business activities of
GN as it has renewed discussions to acquire additional interests and is performing its due diligence procedures. 

Effective June 11, 2019, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with Sunniva, Inc, a British Columbia, Canada corporation Sunniva wherein the Company
agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding securities of Sunniva s wholly-owned subsidiaries Sunniva Medical Inc. SMI and 1167025 B.C. LTD 1167025 for CAD 16.0 million in cash and a note in the principal amount of CAD 4.0 million. These
companies are the current owners of the Sunniva Canada Campus, which includes construction assets for a planned 759,000 square-foot greenhouse
located on an approximately 114-acre property in Okanagan Falls, British Columbia. 

On June 8, 2020, the Company received a notice
of termination of this Purchase Agreement, as amended, from Sunniva. As a result, the Company incurred a charge of due to the
write-off of its deposit to Sunniva, banking fees, and prepaid expenses associated with the failed acquisition of Sunniva. The Company
is in discussions with Sunniva, as well as an investment banker who received deposits from the Company, about recovering all or a portion
of its deposits, banking fees, and prepaid expenses. The accompanying financial statements as of December 31, 2022, do not reflect potential
recovery amounts related to Sunniva and other parties if any. 

On January 6, 2022, the Company entered into a
20 year operating lease with Formosa Mountain Ltd., for a cannabis production facility in Cremona, Alberta, Canada. The facility is a
55,000 square foot, 6,000 kg per year plant, built in 2015. The licensing process is currently underway, and production and sales are
anticipated in Q3 of 2022. 

and , respectively. 

and
 , respectively. 

to years. The Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets consist
of trade names. 

Goodwill and indefinite-lived assets are not amortized
but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment
assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying amount. Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process performed at
the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting
unit is determined by considering both the income approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach
and market approaches are weighted based on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach, the Company determines
fair value based on estimated future cash flows of the reporting unit, which are discounted to the present value using discount factors
that consider the timing and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate, the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach,
which includes an assessment of the risk-free interest rate, the rate of return from publicly traded stocks, the Company s risk
relative to the overall market, the Company s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions
used in the income approach include the terminal value, growth rates, future capital expenditures, and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public market.
If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If the reporting unit s carrying
amount exceeds its fair value, then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. Step two calculates
the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the
fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step, the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of
the reporting unit s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired
on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount
equal to the excess. 

Determining the fair value of a reporting unit
is judgmental and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, strategic plans, and future
market conditions, among others. There can be no assurance that the Company s estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the
goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause the
Company to perform an impairment test before scheduled annual impairment tests. 

and in cash on hand, respectively, and no revenue-producing business or other sources of income. Additionally, as of
December 31, 2022, the Company had negative working capital totaling and an accumulated deficit of . 

These financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal
course of business. Based on its current financial projections, the Company believes it does not have sufficient existing cash resources
to fund its current limited operations. Accordingly, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

It is the Company s current intention to
raise debt and/or equity financing to fund ongoing operating expenses. There is no assurance that these events will be satisfactorily
completed or at terms acceptable to the Company. Any issuance of equity securities, if accomplished, could cause substantial dilution
to existing stockholders. Any failure by the Company to successfully implement these plans would have a material adverse effect on its
business, including the possible inability to continue operations. 
 
 and , respectively. 

On February 25, 2019, the Company acquired 
shares and Warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of common stock at a price of CAD 1.00 of GN Ventures, Ltd., Alberta, Canada,
f/k/a Great Northern Cannabis, Ltd. GN ), in exchange for an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common
Stock from a former shareholder of GN. On the date of purchase, the Company s Common Stock was trading at 1.41 which values the
purchase at . For balance sheet purposes the Company has treated this purchase using the cost method because the purchase consists
of an investment in a private company in which the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over GN s
operating and financial activities. The Company conducted an impairment test on December 31, 2019, and determined that an impairment existed
resulting in a write-down of the investment by to its then-current value of . 

On May, 2020, the Company exchanged 
of its common shares for common shares of GN. These shares were valued at 0.675 each which represents the value of the GN shares
as determined by the Company s year end impairment analysis and were recorded as an investment of . As of December 31,
2020, the Company s investment in GN was . On December 31, 2021, the Company wrote down its entire investment in GN. This
write-down occurred due to the lack of available information forthcoming from GN regarding its current operations. 

On October 6, 2020, the Company invested 
CAD 39,270 USD) in exchange for Class A Common Shares at 0.60 CAD per share. The Company entered into a cooperation agreement
with Klonetics Plant Science Inc., a Company that engages in the business of genetics research and development, tissue culture propagation,
plantlet production, ready to flower production within the cannabis industry throughout the world. The parties consider it advantageous
to pool their respective experience, expertise, know-how and capabilities in the area of land acquisition, financing, development, operations,
and respective areas of industry focus. The parties wish to commence their intended long-term cooperation by pursuing projects in selected
areas of focus initially before extending it to a larger scale merger between the parties, which may be discussed at a later date with
terms to be determined and agreed to by the parties. CannaPharmaRx will invest up to a maximum percentage of Thirty Percent (30 of the
issued and outstanding shares of Klonetics. 

On January 15, 2021, the Company invested an additional
 CAD 39,490 USD) in exchange for an additional Class A Common Shares at 0.60 CAD per share. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s investment
in Klonetics was . 

Total fixed assets 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
the Company recorded depreciation expense of and respectively, related to these fixed assets. 

The following table sets forth the components
of the Company s accrued liabilities on December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

Accrued interest (a) 

Accrued legal settlement (b) 

Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

_____________________ 

(a) 
 Represents interest accrued on the outstanding convertible notes and other notes (see Note 12, Notes Payables) 

(b) 
 The Company had previously been a party to an action filed by Gary M. Cohen, a former officer and director of the Company in 2014. In March 2015, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with Mr. Cohen wherein the Company agreed to repurchase 2,250,000 shares of its Common Stock from Mr. Cohen in consideration for 350,000. Mr. Cohen passed away while there was a remaining balance of 190,000 remaining to be paid in accordance with the Settlement Agreement. The Company has taken the position that his death has discharged any obligation the Company might have to make the balance of the payments. The Company has not received any demand for payment or otherwise been involved in any attempt to collect this balance for a period of greater than two years prior to the date of this Report. 

Total loan payable, related parties 

(a) 

Note discount 

Total convertible notes, net current 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, and
December 31, 2021, the Company received proceeds from convertible notes of and , respectively. 

December 31, 2022 Activity 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
received proceeds from convertible notes of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company
recorded in interest expense on its convertible notes and amortized of note discount which was charged to interest
expense. As of December 31, 2022, there was in accrued interest on these notes, and in unamortized note discount related
to these notes. As of the date of this Report, all convertible notes were past due their maturity date. Additionally, as a result of the
late filing of this Report, and the loss of the Company s active listing in the OTC market, the penalty provisions of all convertible
notes outstanding became effective. The Company estimated that the maximum penalty provisions amounted to one times the face value of
all convertible notes outstanding and recorded an accrued liability for penalties amounting to . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued common shares upon the conversion of in convertible notes and recorded a loss on conversion of . 

December 31, 2021 Activity 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
received proceeds from convertible notes of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company
recorded in interest expense on its convertible notes and amortized of note discount which was charged to interest
expense. As of December 31, 2021, there was in accrued interest on these notes, and in unamortized note discount related
to these notes. As of the date of this Report, there was one note for that was past due its maturity date. The Company has
not received any notice of default on these notes and continues to accrue interest on these notes past the maturity date. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued common shares upon the conversion of in convertible notes and recorded a loss on conversion of . 

As of December 31, 2022, derivative liabilities
were valued using a probability-weighted average Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Stock Price 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair Value: 

The risk-free interest rate was based on rates
established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company uses the historical volatility of its common stock to estimate the future volatility
of its common stock. The expected life of the conversion feature of the notes was based on the remaining term of the notes. The expected
dividend yield was based on the fact that the Company has not customarily paid dividends in the past and does not expect to pay dividends
in the future. 

Loan discounts 

Promissory Note, 

Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase
Agreement with AMS, the Company issued a non-interest-bearing CAD USD) promissory note secured only
by the shares acquired in AMS. Principal payments under the Promissory Note are due quarterly commencing upon AMS receiving a license
to cultivate and are computed based upon 50 of AMS' cash flow, defined as EBITDA less all capital expenditures, taxes incurred, non-recurring
items, and other non-cash items for the relevant fiscal quarter, including the servicing of all senior debt payment obligations of the
Company. The Promissory Note matures the earlier of two years from the date AMS receives a license to cultivate, or December 31, 2021.
Since AMS had not received its cultivation license as of December 31, 2020, the Note Payable has a maturity date of and is past due. 

The Company performed a valuation study as part
of the AMS acquisition. The valuation study determined that the Promissory Note should be valued at since it was non-interest
bearing. As a result, the Company recorded a note discount of . The note discount will be amortized to interest expense over the
three-year term of the Promissory Note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has recorded in amortization
expense related to this note discount. 

On July 3, 2019, the Company entered into a 12 
 Loan Agreement with Koze Investments LLC Koze ), payable in full on . Under the terms
of the 12 Note, Koze took a first security interest against the Company s Hanover, Ontario cannabis facility in progress and required
the Company to pay off its existing mortgage of approximately CAD. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay a 3 origination fee,
prepay the year of interest and to issue to Koze five-year warrants to purchase 1,001,000 shares of the Company s
Common Stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share. After paying the origination fees, the prepayment and paying off the original mortgage,
the Company used a portion of the remaining proceeds as payment against the SMI purchase price of CAD 1,000,000. During the period ended
December 31, 2020, the Company recorded an additional amount of relating to penalties for late payment. On July 9, 2021, the
Company closed the sale of the Hanover property and used the proceeds from the sale to repay this note in full. The note was repaid for
 1,600,000 which included the original principal of , accrued interest of 124,735 and penalties of 475,265. This mortgage
has now been discharged. 

On April 21, 2020, the Company received a loan
from the Government of Canada under the Canada Emergency Business Account program (CEBA). This loan was in the amount of CAD
(USD ). These funds are interest-free until December 31, 2022, at which time the remaining balance will convert to a -year
term loan at an interest rate of 5 per annum. An additional amount of CAD (USD was received on December 29, 2020.
If the Company repays the loan prior to December 31, 2022, there will be loan forgiveness of 33 or 20,000 CAD. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
entered into Note Agreements with secured investors amounting to . These notes are non-interest bearing and mature in 12 months.
Repayment includes principal amount plus 50,000 CAD settlement cash fee plus 58,140 Common Shares at 0.43 per share plus 59,524 Common
Shares at 0.42 per share. These notes are secured by a General Security Agreement over all present and after acquired property, assets,
and undertakings. These notes are past due. 

of federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLS in the United States. The federal net operating loss carryforwards
begin to expire in 2030. State net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2034. Due to the change in ownership provisions of
the Internal Revenue Code, the availability of the Company s net operating loss carryforwards could be subject to annual limitations
against taxable income in future periods which could substantially limit the eventual utilization of such carryforwards. The Company has
not analyzed the historical or potential impact of its equity financings on beneficial ownership and therefore no determination has been
made whether the net operating loss carryforward is subject to any Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limitation. To the extent there is
a limitation there could be a substantial reduction in the deferred tax asset with an offsetting reduction in the valuation allowance.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has unrecognized income tax benefits. 

The tax years from 2014 and forward remain open
to examination by federal and state authorities due to net operating loss and credit carryforwards. The Company is currently not under
examination by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authorities. Since the company has never been profitable, the Company
has established a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset associated with the NOLS. 

shares of one or more series of Preferred Stock, par value of per share. The Board of Directors may, without stockholder approval,
determine the dividend rates, redemption prices, preferences on liquidation or dissolution, conversion rights, voting rights, and any
other preferences. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

In April 2018, the Company issued shares
of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for per share to certain investors who then became members of management and the board
of directors. Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into 1,250 shares of Common Stock and vote on an as-converted
basis. The rights and designations of these Preferred Shares include the following: 

entitles the holder thereof to 1,250 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders: 

The holders of outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall only be entitled to receive dividends upon declaration by the Board of Directors of a dividend payable on the Company s Common Stock, whereupon the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall receive a dividend on the number of shares of Common Stock into which each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible; 

Each Series A Preferred Share is convertible into 1,250 shares of Common Stock; 

not redeemable. 

The beneficial conversion BCF feature attributed to the purchase of Preferred Stock was deemed to have no value on the date of purchase because there was no public
trading market for the Convertible Preferred Stock, and none is expected to develop in the future. Therefore, the BCF related to the Preferred
Shares was considered to have no value on the date of issuance. 

There were and shares of Series
A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Series B Preferred Stock / Common Stock 

In February 2019, the Company commenced an offering
of up to 3 million in principal amount of Units at a price of 1.00 per Unit, each Unit consisting of one share of Series B 
Convertible Preferred Stock, each Convertible Preferred Share convertible into one share of the Company s Common Stock at the election
of the holder and one Common Stock Purchase Warrant exercisable to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per
share, which offering is to be offered only to accredited investors, as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D.
This Offering was closed at the end of August 2019. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had accepted 475,000 in subscriptions in this
offering. 

There were and shares of Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Common stock 

The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of Common Stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were and 
shares of Common Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Stock Options 

During the period ended December 31, 2022, and
December 31, 2021, the Company did not record any stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, as there were none outstanding. 

Stock Purchase Warrants 

The following table reflects all outstanding and
exercisable warrants on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants outstanding December 31, 2020 

Warrants issued (a) 

Warrants forfeited 

Warrants outstanding December 31, 2022 and 2021 

There was no warrant activity during the year
ended December 31, 2022 

Stock purchase warrants are exercisable for two-five
years from the date of issuance. 

(a) 

Stock purchase warrants are exercisable for two-five
years from the date of issuance. 

(a) 
 The number of warrants reflected in this table does not include warrants that were issued at various times during 2019 in connection with the issuance of the Company s Series B Preferred stock. These warrants are exercisable for three years at a strike price of per share. The Company accounts for warrants issued to purchase shares of its common stock or preferred stock as equity in accordance with FASB ASC 480, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company s Own Stock, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Therefore, no stock-based compensation expense was recorded for the issuance of these 475,000 warrants. 

The value of the stock purchase warrants for the
periods ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, was determined using the following Black-Scholes methodology: 

Risk-free interest rate range (2) 

Volatility range (3) 

Expected life (in years) 

_____________ 

(1) 

(2) 

Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less
are not recorded on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize lease expense for these leases using the straight-line method
over the lease term. 

The weighted average remaining lease term is 
years and the weighted average discount rate is . 

The Company s right of use assets as of
December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Supplementary information on the Company s
lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 included the following : 

Amortization and depreciation 

Finance lease related expenses 

Finance lease related payments 

Future lease payments under our non-cancellable
finance leases as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total Undiscounted Cashflows 

Imputed Interest 

Lease Liability 

F- 22 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 cpmd_ex1006.htm
 MASTER AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.6 

MASTER PROMI SSO RY NOTE 2,000.000 USD Effect iv e Dat e: May 25, 2023 FOR VA L UE RECEIVED, and subject to the terms and cond ition s set forth herein, CannaPharmaRX (the "Borrower"), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the o rder of Koze I nvestments, LLC or its assigns (the " Lender , " and together w i th the Borrower, the " Parti es") . the principal amount of TWO MILLION DOLLARS 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 o r . if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all advances made by the Lender to the Bo rr ower (which aggregate unpaid principal amount s hall be equal to the amount set forth op posit e L he date last appearing on Schedu l e A , or some other simi lar trac_king method attached to this Master P romissory Note (as the same may be amended , supp lem ented, or modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the " Nole") . This Note evidences advances made by the Lender to the Borrower ("A dvances" . I. D efi niti ons; Interpretat io n . I. I Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in this Section I. "A dv a nce s" has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. "Be n efic i a l Ownership Re g ulation " means 31 C.F.R. IO I0.230. " Board " means the Board of Directors of the Borrower "Bor row er" has the meaning set fo1th in the introductory paragraph. " Bu s in ess Day" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which banks in Los Angeles, Cal ifornia are authorized o r r equired by law to close. "Defa ult Rate" means, the Rat e plus five pe r cent (5 ). "Eve nt of D efa ult " has the meaning set forth in Section 8. "Gove rnm e ntal Authority" means the governmen t of the U nited States of America or any nation o r any political subdivision thereof , whether state or local, and any agency, authority , instrumentality , regulatory body , cou 1 t , central Lender, o r other entityexerc i s i ng executive, legislative, judicial , taxing, regulatory, or administrative powers or functions of, or pertain i ng to , government (incl( 1 ding any supra - national bodies such as the European Union or the E uropean Central Lender) . " Ind em nified Taxes " means (a) Taxes . other than Exclude d Taxe s, imp osed o n or wit h respect to any payment made by the Borrower under this Note and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in cla u se (a), Other Taxes . " Law " means, as to any Person , the ce rtifi cate of incorporation a n d by - laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law includin g common law ), statute . ordinance, treaty, rule, regulation , orde r , decree , judgment, writ, injunction , sett l ement agreement, requirement , or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority , in each case applicable to o r binding upon such Person or any of its property or to whic h such Person or any of its prope 1 ty is s ubject . 0 " L e nder " has the meaning set forth in the int roducto 1 y paragraph. "M ateri a l A dv erse Effect" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business , assets , properties, l i abilities (actual or contingent), o p e rati ons, or cond iti on (financ i al or otherwise), or prospects of the Borrowe r , (b) the valid i ty or enforceability of this Note, (c) the perfection or priority of any Iien, security interest, charge , or other encumbrance purpo 1 ted to be c re ated under any other agreement with the Lender, (d) the rights or remedies of t he Le n der hereunder, or (e) the abil ity of the Borrower to perform any of its material ob li gations (including payment obligations) he r eunder . "Matur ity Date " means, with re spect to each Advance. twelve 12) m o nths afte r suc h Advance has been made. "No te " has the mean i ng set forth in the introductory paragraph. "O th e r Taxes" means any and all present o r future sta mp , court , recording , filing , intangible, documentary, o r simi l a r Taxes or any other excise or pr o perty T axes, charges, or similar l evies a ri sing from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery, enforcement, or r eg i stration of, or performance under , or from the receipt or perfection of a secur i ty interest under or othe rwi se wit h r espect to, this Note . " P ar ti es" has the meaning set forth in th e introductory paragraph. "Pe r so n " means any individual , corporation . limited liabilit y company, tru st, joint ventu r e, association, company , limited or genera l partnersh ip , unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority, or ot h er entity . " Rate " shall be twenty - four percent (24 per annum, compound in g monthly. 1.2 Interpretation . (a) For purpose s of th i s Note (i) the wo rd s "i n clude," "incl ud es," and "includ i ng " shall be deemed to be followed by th e words "without l imitation," ii) the word "or" is not excl u s i ve, and (iii) the words "herein," "hereof ," "hereby," "hereto," and "hereunder" r efer to this Note as a whole and not to an y particular provision hereof . (b) The defin it ions given for any defined terms in this Note shal l apply equally to b oth the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. (c) Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein to (i) Schedules and Sect i ons mean the Schedu l es and Sections of thi s Note ; (ii) an agreement , instrument, or othe r document means such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended . supplemented, and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions the r eof ; and iii a statute means such statute as amended from t ime to time and includes any successor legisla tio n thereto and any regulation s p r omu l gated thereunder . (d) T hi s Note shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requirin g construction o r interpr etation against the party drafting an instrument or caus i ng any instrument to be drafted . 2 

1 

3. Previous Advances. Prior to entering into this Note , the Lender has advanced funds to the Borrower. Such advances are to be treated as Advances under this Note and wi ll be reflected on the Schedule A attached hereto. 4. Change of Board . Coincident with the execution of this Agreement , the Borrower will appoint three n ew directors , as nominated by the L ender, to its Board. 2. Making the Advances. 1. Method of Funding Advances . The CEO . of the Borrower will submit B oard approved funding request amounts under thi s Note . providing the Lender with the amount requested and the use of loan proceeds . The Lender shall make an Advance to the Bo rr ower within 72 hours of receipt of the funding request . The Borrower agrees that the making an Advance to the Borrower or the o ri g inati on of a payment order fo r a funds transfer of the proceeds of an Advance in accordance with the instructions of the B orrower s hall constitute conclusive evidence that such Advance was made . Neither the failure of the L ender to indorse on Schedule A attached hereto the amount of any Advance, nor the failure of the recipient designated by the Borrower to credit the proceed s of any Advance for th e benefit of the Borrower . sha ll affect the Borrower's ob li gations hereunder . 2. Borrowe r is responsible to gather anv invoices to substantiate Advances made by Lender on Companv's behalf . 3. Payment Dates: Optional Prepavments. 1. Pa vment Dates . The unpaid principa l amount of each Advance and all accrue _ d and unpaid interest thereon shall be payable on the Maturity Date. without demand for payment made by Lender. 3 . 2 Optional Prepayments . The Borrower may prepay any Advance in whole or in part at any time or from time to time without penalty or premium by paying the principal amount to be prepaid together with accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment . 3 . 3 Pavment Upon R eceipts . Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as there are amounts outstanding under this Note, the Borrower shall pay to Lender , fifteen percent I 5 )of any monies received from any source, toward the repayment of amounts due under this Note . For avoidance of doubt, this Section 3 . 3 d oes not diminish o r reduce in anyway, any other repayment obligat i ons of the Borrower under any ot her agreement involving the Lender : meaning any repayment requirements, amounts, and obligations, are not offset by payments made by the Borrower under this Note . 4. Int erest. 1. Interest Rate . Except as otherwise provided he r ein, the outstanding principal amount of each Advance evidenced hereby sha ll bear interest at the Rat e from the date such Advance was made until such Advance is paid in full , whether at maturity . upon acceleration, by prepayment , or otherwise . 2. Interest Pavment Dates . All accrued interest on any Advance sha ll be paid on the Maturity Date. 3. Default Int e rest. If any amount payable hereunder with respect to any Advance is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity , by accelerat i on, or othe rwi se. such overd ue amount sha ll bear interest, payable on demand , at the Default Rate from the date of s u ch non - payment unt i l suc h amount is pa i d in full. 4. Computation and Accrual of Interest (a) All computations of intere s t on eac h Advance shall be made on the bas is of a year of 365 or 366 days . as the case ma y be, and the actual number of days elapsed, compounded monthly . (b) In te r est sha ll accrue on each Advance on the day on which such Advance is made and sha ll not accrue on such Advance for the da y on which it is paid . 4 . 5 Interest Rate Limitation . If at any t im e and for an y reason whatsoever . the interest rate payable on any Advance shall exceed the maximum rate of in terest pennitted to be charged b y the Lender to th e B on - ower under applicable Law , such interest rate s hall be reduced au tom atica l l y to the maximum rate of interest permitted to be charged under app li cable Law . 5. Payment Mechanics. 1. Manner of Payments . Each payment of interest or pr incipa l sha ll be made in lawful money of the United States of America no l ater than on the date on which such pa y ment is due by wire transfer of imm ed iatel y available funds to the Len der in accordance w i th instructions provided by the Lender in w ri ting to the Borrower from time to time . 2. Application of Payments . A ll payments made under this Note s ha l l be applied first to the payment of any fees or charges outstanding hereunder , second to accrued i nterest, and third to the payment of the principal amount o u tstanding under this Note . 3. Busines s Day Co nvention . Whenever any pa y ment to b e made hereunder shal l be due on a day that i s not a Busine ss Day . s uch payment s hall be made on the next s uc cee ding Business Day and s u ch extension w ill be taken into account in computing the amount of interest payable under this Note . 4. Ev id ence of Debt . The Lender i s authorized to record on Schedule A attached here to each Advance made to the Borrower and each payment o r p r epayment thereof . The entries made by the Lender shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law , be conclus i ve evidence absent manifes t error of the existence a nd amounts of the obl i gat i ons of the Borr owe r therein recorded ; provided , however, that the failure of the Lender to record such pa y ment s or pr e pa y ment s, or any error or inac curacy therein, shal l not in any manner affect the v alidity or enforceabil i ty of an y ob ligation of the Borrower to repay (with applicable interest) in accorda n ce with the terms of t hi s Note an y Advance actua l ly made b y the Lender under this Note . 5 . 5 Rescission of Payments . If at any time any paymen t made by the Borrower under this Note is rescinded or must othe r wise be restored or returned upon the in solvency, bankruptcy , o r reorganization of the Borrower or otherw i se . the Borrower's obligat i on t o make such payment shall be reinsta t ed as though such payment had not been made . 6.1 3 4 

2 

(a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes except as requi r ed by applicable Law . If the Borrower is required by applicable Law to deduct or withhold any Taxes from such payments, then : (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the amount payab l e by the Borrower shall be increased so that after all such required deductions or withholdings are made (including deductions or withholdings applicable to additional amounts payable unde r this Section 6 . 1 ), the Lender receives an amount equal to the amount it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made ; and (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions or withholdings and timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with appl i cable Law . (b) Without limiting the provisions of Section 6 . 1 (a), the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law . (c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Lender, within ten I 0 days after demand therefo r , for the full amount of any I ndemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 6 . 1 paid or payable by the Lender, on or with respect to an amount payable by the Borrower under or in respect of this Note, together with any reasonable expenses arising in connection therewith and with respect thereto , whe t her or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or l egally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority . A certificate from the Lender as to the amount of such payment or liab i lity delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error . (d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 6 . 1 , the Borrower sha l l deliver to the Lender the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Autho r ity evidencing such payment, a copy of the relevant return r eporting s u ch payment, or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Lender . (e) The borrower's ob l igations under this Section 6 . 1 shall survive the payment of the Advances and all amounts payable hereu n der . 7 . Rep r esentations and Warranties . The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lender on t h e date hereof as follows (and each request for an Advance will be deemed a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date of such Advance that) : 1. Existence ; Power and Authority : Compliance with Laws . The Borrower (a) is a corporation duly incorporated , validly existing . and in good stand i ng under the laws of the state of Delaware ; (b) has the requisite power and authority . and the legal right , to own, lease, and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its business as it is now being conducted, to borrow Advances , to execute and delive r this Note, and to perform its obligations hereunder ; and (c) is in compliance with all Laws except to the extent that the failure to comply therewith would not, in the aggregate , reasonab l y be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect . 2. Authorization ; Execution and Delivery . The execution and delivery of this Note by the Borrower , its borrowing of Advances, and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action in accordance with all applicable Laws. The Borrower ha s duly executed a n d delivered this Note. 3. No Approvals . No consent, authorization, or order of, filing w i th, notice to, license from , or other act by, or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required i n order for the Borrower to borrow Advances or to execute, deliver, or perform an y of its obligations u n der this Note . 4. No Violations . The execution and delivery of this Note, the borrowing of any Advance, and the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (a) violate any Law applicable to the Borro we r or by which any of its properties or assets may be bound ; or (b) constitute a default under any material agreement or contract by which the Borrower may be bound . 5. Enforceability . This Nole is a valid, legal, and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower i n accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization , moratorium , or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement i s sought by proceedings in equity or at l aw) . 6. Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of each Advance will be used sole ly forthe purposes set forth in the notice accompanying each request for an Advance . 7. I nvestment Company Act . The Borrower is not an "investment company" as defined i n, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940 . 8. Acceleration of Advances; Events of Defau l t and Remedies. All Advances, together with all accrued interest thereon , shall become immediately and automatically due and payable , without demand for paymen t, pre se n tment for payment, protest, notice of payment , notice of dishonor, notice of nonpayment, notice o f acceleration of maturity, and diligence in taking any action to collect sums owing hereunder , upon the commencement by or against the borrower of a case o r proceed i ng under any bankruptcy, insolvency , or other law relating to the relief of debtors, the readjustment , composition, or extension of indebtedness, or reorganization or liquidation . Upo n the occurrence of any of the following ("Even t s of D efault") and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Eve nt of Default, the Lender may , at its option, by written notice to the Borrower , (x) declare the entire principa l amount of the outstanding Advances, together with al l accrued interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Note, immediatel y due and payable and /o r (y) exercise any or all of its rights, powers , or remedies under applicable Law : 8.1 Fai l ure to Pay . The Borrower fails to pay a) any principal amount of any Advance when due or (b) interest or any other amount when due and such failure continues for ten I0 days. 2. Breach of Representat i ons and Warranties . Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower to the Lender herein is incorrect in any material respect on the date as of which such representation or warranty was made or deemed made . 3. Breach of Covenants . The Borrower fails to observe or perform any covenant, obligation, condition, or agreement contained in this Note . other than those specified in Section 8 . 1 , 5 6 

3 

and s uch failure cont inu es unr erne di ed for ten (10) days after t h e date on which notice t h e r eof s h all h ave been g i ven to the B o rro wer by the L e nd er. 9. Mis cella n eous . 9. 1 Notices. (a) All notices, requests, o r ot h er commu ni catio n s required or pem,itted to be delivered hereunder s hall be delivered in writing, in each case to th e a ddre ss spec ifi ed below o r to s uch o th e r a ddr ess as a Par ty may from time to t im e specify in w ritin g in comp li a nc e wit h this provision : (i) l fto the Borrower: 888 - J rd Street SW Ca l ga r y, Albe r ta T2P5C5 Att n : CEO Email: to be provided with each advance ii l fto the Lender: 327 North Formosa Avenue Los Angeles, Ca li forn i a Attn: Elliot Zemel Ema il : ez@ h imelcapital.com (b) Notices if i mailed by ce 1 tifi ed o r registered mail o r se nt by hand o r overn i g ht courier se r v i ce s hall be deemed to have been g i ve n when r ece i ved ; (i i m ai l e d by othe r th an certified or registered mail shall be deemed to have been given t hr ee 3 days afte r mailing ; (i ii) sent by facsimile during the recipient' s norma l business hours sha ll be deemed to have been g i ve n when sen t (and if sent after normal business hours s hall b e deemed to have been give n at the opening o f th e r ec ipient' s business on its n ext bus in ess day) ; and (iv) sent by emai l sha ll be deemed received up on the sende r' s receipt of a n acknowledgment from the intended r ecip i ent (suc h as by the " r etu rn r ece ipt r equested" function, as available, return e m ail, or o th er w r itten acknowledgment) . 2. Expenses . The BorTOwer sha ll reimburse the L ender on de m and for a ll r easonab l e and documented costs, expe n ses, an d fees (inclu d ing expenses and fees of its cou n sel), whether or not liti gat i on is commenced, in curred by the Le nd e r of, in c id e nt a l to , in any way relating to, o r in co nne ction wit h , the tra n sactio n s contemp l ated hereby, including the negotiation , documentation , a nd execution of this Note, any of the Advances, and the pr otectio n of the Le n der's ri ghts and e n fo r cement of the B o rr owe r' s o bi igations hereunder . 3. Governing Law . This No t e, and any claim, controversy, dispute , or cause of actio n (w h et h er in contract or tort or othe r w i se) based upon, arising out of, o r relating to, this Note, and the transactions co nt e mplat ed hereby s hall be governed by , and s h al l be cons tru ed a n d interpreted, and all rights and ob li ga ti o n s hereunder determined, in accordance with , t h e la ws of th e State of D elaware . 4. Subm i ss i on to Juri s di ct i on . (a) The B o r rowe r hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) ag r ees that any l ega l action, s uit , or proceeding a ri sing o u t of o r relating to this Note may be brought in the cou , ts of the State of Ca li fornia s ittin g in Los Angeles Co un ty or of the Un it ed States Di strict Court for t he Cent ral District of Cal iforni a or any appellate court from any th ereof and i i) subm i ts to the exc lu s i ve jur i sd i ct i on of any such court in a n y such lega l act i o n , su it , or pr ocee ding . F inal judgment against the Borrower in any suc h lega l action, suit, or proceeding shall be conc lu s ive a nd m ay b e e n forced in any othe r jur i sdict i o n by su it on the j udgme nt or in any other manner provided by law . (b) Nothing i n this Section 9 . 4 shal l affect the ri ght of the L ender t o i commence legal proceedings or otherwise sue the B o rrower or exercise any r i ghts against the Borrower or a n y of i ts prope 1 ty in a n y county, state, or other foreign or domestic jurisdict i o n having juri sdic ti o n over the Borrower or a n y of it s property o r ii serve process upon th e Borrower i n any manner author i zed by the l aws of any such jurisdict i on . 5. Venue . The Borrowe r acknowledges that the ve n ue prov id ed in Sect i on 9 . 4 is a conve ni ent foru m and hereby irrevocab l y and unco ndi t i onally waives, to the f u lles t extent perm i tted by app li cable l aw, any objection that it may now o r hereafter have to t h e l aying of venue of any l ega l action, su i t, o r proceeding arising o u t of or relating to t h is Note i n any court refe r red to in Section 9 . 4 and the defense of an inconvenient forum, or ba se d on a more conven i ent forum, to the maintenance of suc h l egal ac ti on . su it , o r pr oceedi n g i n any such court . 6. Waiver of Jury Trial . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMJTTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT 1 T MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING DIRE CTLY OR INDIR ECTLY BASED UPON, ARlSING OUT OF, OR OTHERWISE RELATING TO, THIS NOTE, ANY ADVANCE, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT , OR ANY OTHER THEORY . 9 . 7 I n tegration . This Note constitutes the e n tire contract bel \ veen the Part i es with respect to the s ub ject m a tt er h ereof and supersedes al l previous agreements and understandings, oral or w ri tten, w ith res p ect thereto . 9 . 8 Successors and Assigns . This Note may be assigned or transfer re d by the Lende r to any P e r son . T h e Borrower m ay n ot assign or transfer this Note or any of its righ ts or obligations hereunder without the prior w ritt en consent of the L ende r (a n d any a tt empted such assignment without such consent shall be nul l a nd void) . This Note shall inure to the benefit of , and be bind i ng upon, the Parties and their permitted assigns . 7 9. Waiver of Notice . The Borrower hereby waives demand for pa y ment , presentment fo r payment , protest, not i ce of p ayment, notice of d i shonor, not i ce of nonpayment , notice of acceleration of maturity , and diligence in taking any act i o n t o collect sums owi n g hereunder. 10. Amend m ents and Wa i vers . No term of this Note may be modifie d or amended , o rall y o r by co ur se of dealing , except by an in s trumen t in writing sig ned by authorized officers of the Lende r and of the Borrower o r any Guara nt o r party t h ereto . No term of this Note may be wa i ved , orally or b y course of dealing, except by an instrument in wr i ting signed by an aut h or i zed o ffi ce r of the Lender . Any waive r of the te n ns hereof shall be effective on l y in th e s p ecific instance a n d for the spec i fic p urp ose g i ven . 11. Headings . The headings o f the var i ous Sectio n s and subsec t ions her ein and of the schedu l es hereto are for r eference only and s hall not define , mod i fy, expand, or limit an y o f the terms o r provisions h e r eof . 8 

4 

9 . 12 No Waive r ; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exerci s e , and no delay in exerc i s in g , on the part of the Lender , any right , remedy , power, or privilege hereunder shal l operate as a waiver thereof ; nor s hall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy . power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any othe r right, remedy , power , or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers, and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers, and privileges provided by law. 9 . 13 Waiver of Counterclaims . The Borrower waives the right to claim or interpose any counterclaim in any litigation or set - off of any kind relating to this Note or the transactions contemplated hereby . 14. Dating and Completion of Blanks . The Borrower authorizes the Lender to date this Note and to complete any blank space herein according to the terms upon which any Advance was made. 15. Electronic Execution . IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has executed this Note effective a s of the Effective Date. BORROWER CannaP harmaR X, In c . B 3 25 J::: . Name: Dean P Medwid Title: CEO (a) The word s "execution," "signed , " "signature, " and word s of sim ilar import in this Note shall be deemed to include electroni c or digital signatures or electroni c records, each of which shall be of the same effect, validity, and enforceabilitya s manually e x ec u t ed signatures or a paper - based record - keeping system, as the case may be , to the extent and as provided for und er applicable law , including the Electronic Signature s in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000 15 U . S . C . 700 I to 7031 ), provid e d that, notwithstanding anything contained herein to the co ntr ary, the Lender i s under no obligation to agree to accept electronic s i gnatures in any form or in any format unless expressly a g r ee d to by the Lender pursuant to procedures approved by it ; and provided , furth e r . the Lender reserves the righ t to require, at any time and a t its s o l e discretion . the delive,y of manually executed counterpa , 1 signature pages to this Note, and the Borrower agrees to promptly deliver such manually executed counterpar t signatu r e pages . (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , each of th e Borrower and the Lender (i) agrees that, for all purposes , including in connection with any workout, restructuring , enforcement of remedies . Bankruptcy proceedings , or litigation among the Lender and the Borrower , electronic images of this Note (in each case . including with respect to any signatu re pages hereto) shall have the same legal effect , validity , and enforceability as any paper original, and (ii) waives any argument , defense , or ri ght to contest the validity or enforceability of this Note based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Note , including with respect to any signature pages hereto . 9 . 16 Severability . I f any term or provision of this Note is invalid , ill egal , or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity , illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect a n y other term or provision of this Note or invalidate o r render unenforceable such tern, o r provision in any other jurisdiction . Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the Pa,ties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Note so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible . [SIGNATUR E PAGE FOLLOWS] 9 M ASTER PR O M ISSO R Y N OTE CANNA P II ARM A RX. INC. - K OLE I NVEs 1 MENTS . LL C 

5 

Date of Advance Amount of Advance Amount of Accrued I nterest Amo u nt of Principal Paid SC H E D U L E A Advanc es a nd Pa y m e nt s on A d va n ces M ASTE R PR O MI SSO RYN OTE C A NNA PH A RM A RX. I NC. - K OZE I N V EST M ENTS. LLC 

6 

7 

8 

9 

10 

11 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 cannapharmarx_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Dean Medwid, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cannapharmarx, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 September 1, 2023 
 
 s/ Dean Medwid 
 Dean Medwid , Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 cannapharmarx_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John Cassels, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cannapharmarx, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: September 1, 2023 
 
 s/ John Cassels 
 John Cassels, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 cannapharmarx_ex3200.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this
annual report of Cannapharmarx Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2023 (the Report ), we, the undersigned, in the capacities
and on the date indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Rule 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: September 1, 2023 
 
 s/ Dean Medwid 
 Dean Medwid, Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: September 1, 2023 
 s/ John Cassels 

John Cassels, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cpmd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cpmd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cpmd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cpmd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

