<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230714_10-K_edgar_data_1888740_0001199835-23-000361.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3022979</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>196014</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>749029</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>871810</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>475812</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>659053</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001199835-23-000361.hdr.sgml : 20230714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714134030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001199835-23-000361
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LSEB Creative Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001888740
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEN'S & BOYS' FURNISHINGS, WORK CLOTHING, AND ALLIED GARMENTS [2320]
		IRS NUMBER:				834415385
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56443
		FILM NUMBER:		231088718

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 N. GOULD STREET
		STREET 2:		#4000
		CITY:			SHERIDAN
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			82801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(902) 305-4177

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 N. GOULD STREET
		STREET 2:		#4000
		CITY:			SHERIDAN
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			82801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001199835-23-000361.txt : 20230714

10-K
 1
 lseb-10k.htm
 LSEB CREATIVE CORP. 10-K

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended . 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to __________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices)(Zip Code) 

- 
 (Registrants telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
of each class registered: None 
 Name of each exchange on which registered: None 
 Trading symbol: LSEB 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Shares
of Common Stock with a par value of .0001 (Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o
 x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

x No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 o 

x 
 Smaller reporting company 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o x 

The
aggregate market value of the 5,469,000 shares of voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2023
was computed by reference to the private placement price at which the common equity was last sold (which was 0.10 per share).
For purposes of the above statement only, all directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders are assumed to be affiliates. This determination
of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

As
of July 14, 2023, the registrant had shares issued and outstanding. 

1 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference : 

None. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because
they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, intend, could, should, would, may, seek, 
 plan, might, will, expect, anticipate, predict, project, 
 forecast, potential, continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are
not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level
of activity, performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. 

We
cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results
or conditions described in such statements or that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places
throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including
statements about potential acquisition or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives
of management; any other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial
results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. 

These
forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject
to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than
we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the
cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Except
to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

2 

USE
OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to we, us, our, our
Company, the Company or LSEB Creative are to the combined business of LSEB Creative Corp. 

In
addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this report only 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC 
 refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

3 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 5 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 21 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 31 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 31 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 31 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 31 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 32 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 34 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 34 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 40 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 41 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 56 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 56 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 58 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 58 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 60 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 61 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 62 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 62 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND SIGNATURES 
 63 

4 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

LSEB
Creative Corp. (the Company) was incorporated on April 3, 2019 in Wyoming. Our business office is located at 30 N. Gould St. #4000, Sheridan,
WY 82801. Our telephone number is 1-800-701-8561. 

LSEB
Creative Corp., a company incorporated in the State of Wyoming, is a specialty retailer that offers men and women elevated swimwear designs,
constructed with the highest quality materials and techniques. With the recent substantial growth seen in the swimwear industry, our
affluent, contemporary target market is in search of assortment and impressive concepts. By offering a new concept to swimwear; gender-coordinating
collections that allow the wearer to look and feel powerful, partnered or individually, we will capture this new, sought-after space
within the market. Our priority is to design products that offer superior fit, performance, and comfort while incorporating both function
and fashionability. Our strategy is to capitalize on these existing opportunities in the luxury swimwear market through the development
and growth of our web site www.laurenbentleyswim.com , and wholesaler partnerships on a global scale. We believe eCommerce will
allow our target market convenient and easy access to our products while effectively building brand awareness and entry into new markets.
We are committed to building a highly recognized brand, offering captivating customer experiences that drive long-term loyalty. By focusing
on these key areas and tactics, we will successfully align ourselves with our target market and profit accordingly. 

We
are confident in our ability to operate cost efficiently and compete in a highly saturated market by addressing the observed opportunity.
LSEB will capture a new space within the market, which is in need of innovation and quality options. Majority of existing swimwear brands
have similar strategies, providing consumers with trend-driven styles and fair quality at a mid-high tier price bracket, representing
a similar structure to fast fashion. Focusing on luxury swimwear items for both men and women, LSEB s collection will embody it s
affluent, contemporary target market entirely. The individual men s and women s sub-collections will be coordinating, as
the partnered portion of our target market values looking well put-together as a couple, as well as individually. The physical presence
of our collection has the following defining attributes; fine details and finishings, alluring silhouettes, coordinating pieces between
the men s and women s sub-collections. 

LSEB s
designs are highly influenced by ready-to-wear fashions. Our intention is that individually, our designs are versatile enough that they
can exceed their intended purpose; swimming and lounging, making appearances in the customer s daily wardrobe. To ensure the highest
quality in fabrics, hardware and embellishments, LSEB will put emphasis on the sourcing process for each individually item. Newest technologies
in fabrics and manufacturing will be utilized in design and production stages, and may include technologies such as, quick drying finishes
or shapewear fabric. From goods to packaging and labeling, the brand identity has been absolutely thought through and is evident across
all areas. 

Our
mission is to become a single source of innovative luxury swimwear for our target market. The Company has recognized the sales and profit
potential of luxury swimwear for men and women, as consumers are willing to invest in the swimwear category and seek new brands and product
assortment. We strive to offer consumers the highest quality products with a new fashion-forward, innovative outlook to swim fashion. 

LSEB
is dedicated to being a dominant provider of luxury swimwear globally, and known for: 

Highest
 quality products and services 

Accurate,
 efficient and quality customer service 

Honesty,
 integrity and continually adding value to its customers, partners and associates. 

5 

From
inception to March 31, 2023 we have incurred an accumulated deficit of 390,981. Based on our financial history since inception,
our auditor has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company currently has no revenue, and
has limited operating history. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern depends upon its ability to raise adequate financing
and develop profitable operations. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues from our services, we may have to delay the implementation
of our business plan. Management is actively targeting sources of additional financing to provide continuation of the Company s
operations and growth. In order for the Company to meet its liabilities as they come due and to continue its operations, the Company
is solely dependent upon its ability to generate such financing. 

The
Company is actively seeking financing for its current business operation. The Company is optimistic that the financing will
be secured and the going concern risk will be removed. Any capital raised will be through a private placement and will result
in the issuance of shares of common stock from the Company s authorized capital. 

We
do not consider our self a blank check company and we do not have any plan, arrangement, or understanding to engage in a merger
or acquisition with any other entity. We do not consider ourselves a blank check company, as we have a specific business plan and have
moved forward with our business operations including placing our first order with our factory in Portugal. Specifically, we, while in
the development stage, are proceeding with our business plan by constructing and implementing an automated website. We have taken certain
steps in furtherance of this business plan including establishing the website and the establishment of relationships with suppliers and
manufacturers. 

Swimwear
Market Trends 

The
Company believes the outlook for the swimwear industry, and LSEB in particular, is very promising. Swimming is one of the most popular
leisure and fitness activities globally. The demand for swimwear is increased by consumers interest in swimming and the number of family
beach vacations, which fuels the market s expansion. Furthermore, the swimwear market is expanding due to consumers leading
healthier lifestyles and participating in more water sports like swimming. In addition, factors including the rise in women s demand
for high-end swimwear, the expansion of public and private swimming facilities, and the adoption of e-commerce platforms all contribute
to the market s rapid progress. Product demand is being driven by the global increase in population and product innovation to meet the
need for specialized clothing for water sports and poolside or beachside vacations. 

Over
the next several years, LSEB is expected to benefit significantly from certain favorable demographic and industry trends. Based on SkyQuest s
global research, in the sports swimwear segment, the product volume is expected to amount to 4,376.4m pieces by 2028, and it s
anticipated to show a volume growth of 3.8 in 2025. Such substantial growth projections indicate lucrative opportunities for market
participants active in the swimwear market. According to SkyQuest, the women s swimwear application segment held a 52.4 revenue share
in 2022 and is projected to witness lucrative growth to reach 57.6 by 2028 with a CAGR of 6.2 . Women are buying more swimsuits because
they want to look chic at the beach or pool. Innovative product ranges are in high demand in the global women s swimwear market. It has
inspired manufacturers to release cutting-edge swimwear, like swimsuits that block damaging U.V. radiation and smart swimwear. Thus,
the development of the swimsuit market as a whole will benefit from these novel products. 

North
America is predicted to reach 32.5 of the market share in the coming years. The United States is the most important market in North
America for swimwear. The market in this region will grow faster than the market in Europe. The rising number of people participating
in swimming activities will aid the growth of the swimwear market in North America in addition to an ongoing rise in leisure goods spending.
The Asia Pacific region has positioned itself as the largest regional market for swimwear products. Population growth, rising health
awareness, and product innovation are expected to fuel market expansion in the region s developed economies. Furthermore, domestic growth
in water sports and fitness participation among developing countries such as China and India is expected to influence regional market
growth positively. 

6 

The
Global Swimwear Market Size was valued at 21.43 billion USD in 2021, and it is expected to reach a value of 30.5 billion USD by 2028,
at a CAGR of 5.8 over the forecast period (2022-2028). It is clear that consumers are not only willing to invest in swimwear goods,
but are seeking new brands and product assortment. The swimwear market is being driven by the rising rate of global population and product
innovation to meet the need for specialized clothes for water activities and vacations by the pool or beach. It is expected that consumers
will acquire various types of swimsuit goods based on their comfort, activities, and fashion appeal as a result of rapid changes in fashion
trends and a rise in disposable money. Women from many cultures are becoming more and more interested in designer swimwear that enhances
the slimming effect and gives value-added features such as practical cuts and fashionable designs. The growth of the spa and beauty sectors
as well as rising female demand for specialty swimwear are in part driving the swimwear and beachwear market. Swimming is thought to
be the most well-liked sport and leisure activity. Growing fitness concerns among people of all ages are boosting interest in swimming
as the finest physical activity. In turn, this is laying the groundwork for the mass purchasing of swimwear products. The market is also
being driven by growing technical and process innovation in developed economies. The market has grown as a result of the development
of numerous types of sophisticated fabrics that maintain their colour for a longer amount of time and are resistant to chlorine. 

Asia-Pacific
and Latin America, Middle East and Africa (LAMEA) collectively contributed a global market share of over 30 percent in 2020. Asia-Pacific
individually is projected to grow at a significant CAGR of 8.4 percent. Key players in the global swimwear industry include
Haddow Group Plc, Nike Inc., Boardriders, Inc., Arena Italia S.p.A., O Neill, Inc., Swimwear Anywhere, Inc., Adidas AG, Gap Inc.,
Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation (PVH Corp.), and Perry Ellis International Inc (Allied Market Research). Recent movement in the industry
includes Perry Ellis International, Inc., entering into Nike Swim distribution agreements in Latin America with R1 Sports Ltda in Brazil,
Uldin SA in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay, Superdeporte Plus Peru S.A.C in Peru, Bolivia, and Ecuador. 

Luxury
in Swimwear 

As
of 2021, luxury accounted for 9 of the women s swimwear market. By 2025, the market share is expected to grow to 16 , with most-stocked
brands being Eres, Solid Striped, and Melissa Obadash. Luxury e-commerce platforms, such as Farfetch and Matches, have increased
their women s swimwear offerings from anywhere between 288 349 . Market forecasters believe that it s the global
luxury e-commerce retailers who will be most successful in expanding the swimwear category (Edited.com). 

Travel
and Tourism 

Travel
and tourism is one of the world s largest industries, reaching a global economic contribution (direct, indirect and induced) of
a record 8.8 trillion in 2018. In 2017, 882.4 billion was invested in tourism. This was forecasted to rise by 4.8 in 2018 and by 4.3 
in continuing years, making total investment US 1,408.3 billion by 2028. (World Travel Tourism Council, 2018). Of this, Latin America,
the Middle East, and Africa experienced a combined economic activity increase of 767 billion since 2017. The industry s fastest-growing
region is the Caribbean, which generated 15.5 percent more economic activity this past year, than in 2017 (Forbes). According to recent
data obtained by IATA (International Air Transportation Association), approximately 35 of vacationing Americans had intentions of travelling
internationally to destinations that require swimwear attire in 2018, which is a 9 increase from 2016. The average consumer is changing
their spending habits, and travel is benefiting as a result. In addition to these statistics, there is also a growing social trend of
spending on experiences, such as travel, rather than tangible goods (Deloitte, 2017). With tourism and travel expected to continue growing
at consistent rate to 2025, the swimwear industry is sure to reflect a similar advance. 

Luxury
in Travel and Tourism 

According
to a report titled Luxury Travel Market Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2021-2022 , published
by Allied Market Research, the global luxury travel market is expected to generate 1,154 billion by 2022, increasing at a CAGR of 6.4 
during 2016-2022. An increase in middle and upper-class spending, in addition to a growing tendency for exotic travel, is resulting in
a rapid increase in the demand for luxury travel. Americans with an annual income of more than US 100,000 make up 20 of the total population,
however, that same 20 make up more than half of all US travel spending (Skift, 2018). 

7 

Strategy 

The
Company s business strategy is designed to drive sales growth, maximize gross margin dollars and operating cash flow, capitalize
on cost reduction opportunities and build customer loyalty, thereby strengthening the Company s position as a leading swimwear
provider. The company will rely on the efficiency of our supply and distribution chain for the successful implementation of its business
strategy. Key elements of this strategy include: 

Diverse
Product Selection 

Our
product assortment will be narrow and curated, showcasing various styles and patterns that will be well received and understood by our
customers. While establishing ourselves within the luxury sector, our products will follow a competitive pricing strategy. 

Strong
Customer Service 

Customer
satisfaction is of upmost importance to us, which is why we provide a range of services to educate and tailor support to each customer,
both directly and through third parties. These services will be provided online as well as through our 1-800-701-8561. Additionally,
we acknowledge the importance of customer feedback and intend on adopting it when improvements are needed. 

Strengthening
LSEB s Leadership Position in the Swimwear Industry 

Favorable
industry trends, such as those described in General , provide the Company with continued opportunities to capitalize on its strengths
in providing high quality swimwear and building trust with its customers, while simultaneously educating the customer. The Company intends
to strengthen its leadership position in this high-growth category by improving operations, enhancing the quality of swimwear products
provided to its customers, and cultivating a welcoming, professional work environment, which we believe ultimately attracts superior
staff. These initiatives will best position the Company to maximize profits and customer retention. The Company also intends to build
market share in the swimwear category by offering consistently innovative and quality products that ensure customer satisfaction, maintaining
open communication with customers, and offering the added convenience of an efficient distribution strategy. 

Driving
Sales and Profitability 

By
focusing on the constant development and improvement of our product offering, sales platforms, marketing and overall business strategy,
the Company will achieve highest profitability. The following tactics will ensure leverage in the industry; 

Early
 adoption of developments in fabric and production technologies or trend 

Expansion
 of product categories 

Consistent,
 innovative marketing campaigns 

Adopting
 latest technologies as they pertain to marketing and eCommerce 

Enhancing
Operating Efficiencies to Maintain Strong Competitive Position 

LSEB s
operating margin will grow steadily through the successful implementation of centralized distribution and other key activities, and a
focus on maximizing gross margin dollars. The Company plans to realize additional operating efficiencies both at the corporate level
and within its e-commerce site, which will give the Company the flexibility to offer increased value to its customers and strengthen
its competitive position in the industry. In keeping with our commitment to being a low cost operator, the Company believes it can further
leverage its buying power to realize additional efficiencies in areas such as supply chain, and capital expenditures. 

8 

Increase
our Brand Awareness 

We
will continue to increase brand awareness and customer loyalty through our consistent marketing efforts and planned web and mobile advertising
expansion. Our campaign-focused marketing programs are designed to reinforce the premium image of our brand and our connection with consumers. 

Introduce
New Product Technologies 

We
will continue to focus on developing and offering products that incorporate technology-enhanced fabrics and style features that differentiate
us in the market and broaden our customer base. We believe that incorporating new technologies, providing advanced features and using
differentiated manufacturing techniques will reinforce the authenticity and appeal of our products, ultimately driving sales growth. 

Broaden
the Appeal of our Products 

We
will selectively seek opportunities to expand the appeal of our swimwear line and improve productivity to increase our overall market
share. This includes our post launch plans to expand our product offering in categories such as beachwear and men s daywear. 

Operations 

Product 

Our
product design and development efforts are led by Lauren Bentley and include a team of designers based in the US and abroad who are dedicated
to premium quality. Our design and development team identifies trends based on market intelligence and research, proactively seeks
the input of our target market and broadly seeks inspiration consistent with our goals of fit, style and function superiority. As we
strive provide our customers with intricately designed and skillfully constructed garments, our team works closely with our suppliers
to ensure specifications are reached. We will partner with independent inspection, verification, and testing companies, who conduct a
variety of tests on our fabrics, testing performance characteristics including retention, abrasion resistance, colorfastness, and sun
damage. We offer premium swimwear that is optimized for fit, comfort, functionality and style. By combining functionality with
elevated design, our brand not only has strong consumer appeal, but also attracts a growing core of consumers that desire swimwear suited
to their lifestyles. We believe our superior quality and technically advanced products allow us to maintain premium price points and
encourage repeat purchases among our customers. 

Design
and Styling 

Focusing
on luxury swimwear items for both men and women, LSEB s collection will embody it s affluent, contemporary target market
entirely. The individual men s and women s sub-collections will be coordinating, as the partnered portion of our target market
values looking well put-together as a couple. The physical presence of our collection has the following defining attributes; fine details
and finishings, alluring silhouettes, coordinating pieces, and a runway-ready look. The designs are highly influenced by ready-to-wear
fashions Our intention is that individually, our designs are versatile enough that they can exceed their intended purpose - swimming
and lounging, making appearances in the customer s daily wardrobe. To ensure the highest quality in fabrics, hardware and embellishments,
LSEB will put emphasis on the sourcing process for all items individually. Newest technologies in fabrics and manufacturing will be utilized
in design and production stages, and may include technologies such as, quick drying finishes or shapewear fabric. From goods to packaging
and labeling, the brand identity has been absolutely thought through and is evident across all areas. 

Adjustability,
Fit, and Sizing 

We
believe the authenticity of our products is driven by a number of factors. These factors include our inspired design process, our use
of technical materials, our sophisticated manufacturing methods and our innovative product features. 

9 

LSEB
is wholly committed to developing garments that enhance the customer s body, evoking feelings of empowerment and boldness. Technologically
advanced fabrics, techniques, and adjustable features, will collectively result in a truly tailored fit, unmatched by anyone. 

Women s 

Adjustability
functions that appear in some of our women s designs include adjustable shoulder straps, tie-back straps, and hook eye bra
closures. Additional notable fir features include shapewear inserts, underwire or floating underwire to give added support, and molded
cups. Each women s SKU is designed and constructed with the intention of enhancing the female figure. Sizing scales to vary based
upon individual styles but will categorize as one of the following; numeric sizing (Ex: 2-18) or bra sizing (Ex: 32B/C 38 B/C). 

Men s 

Our
goal is not to reconstruct, but to enhance the fit and styling of men s swimwear currently on the market. We believe that men desire
and deserve a perfectly fitting swim garment, just as women do. An example our improvements includes the addition of hidden, inner drawstring
to our swim trunks, which will reinforce the zipper and snap closure, ensuring security during use. Other styles include waist fasteners
on either side of the body, which allow the wearer to further adjust the garment, creating a tailored fit. Our technologically advanced
stretch net lining conforms to the body without restriction for optimal comfort. Along with these features, our size offering, which
will be numeric (Ex: 26-40) and inseam length options (Ex: 4 or 6 ), will provide the perfect fit for every man. 

Pricing
Strategy 

Upon
launch, LSEB will follow a competitive pricing strategy; the process of selecting strategic price points to best take advantage of a
product-based market relative to competition. We comprehend the trials and tribulations that come with launching a new brand in a conglomerate-ruled
industry (luxury). Our competitive strategy will allow us to effectively reach our target market, build brand recognition, and establish
unisons with our primary competitors. Following this introduction stage, we will look to restructure this pricing strategy to a premium
pricing strategy to further create desirability among consumers. 

Women s 

One-piece
 or two-piece set; 220-450 USD 

Cover-up;
 275-400 USD 

Men s 

Swim
trunk; 220-240 USD 

Product
Sourcing 

We
do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. We instead choose to contract with third-party vendors for fabrics, trims, and garment
manufacturing. We do not have any long-term contracts with our suppliers or manufacturing sources for the production and supply of noted
components, as we believe in commissioning work where we will see exceptional results, which is constantly evolving. An additional way
in which we ensure customers are receiving superior product is with our design and development team, who works closely with our suppliers
to ensure the particular specifications of our products are met. 

Our
manufacturers are well versed in luxury fashion products and provide us with the skills and efficiency necessary to adapt to changing
trends and new technologies. We plan to support future growth through multiple manufacturers. We have developed relationships with a
number of our vendors and take great care to ensure that they share our commitment to quality and ethics. We do not, however, have any
long-term agreements requiring us to use any specific manufacturer, and no manufacturer is required to produce our products in the long
term. We require that all of our manufacturers adhere to a code of conduct regarding quality of manufacturing, working conditions and
other social concerns. We will also work with a leading inspection and verification firm to closely monitor each supplier s compliance
to applicable law. In managing our sourcing relationships, Ms. Bentley has existing relationships with manufacturers and will continue
to explore new vendors, making changes when and if necessary. 

10 

Our
company stands for the highest level of quality, thus our materials and trims are sourced from various countries across the world; each
geographic region and specific factory have individual capabilities, skills, and technologies. Our belief is to source based on quality,
not ease. Manufacturing will take place in Europe, as this is where craftsmanship was born. Here we will find the best of swimwear, intimates,
and dressmaking ateliers. The Company currently has relationships with the following suppliers Carvico USA Inc, Eurojersey S.p.A, Tessitura
Taiana Virgilio S.p.A, Lampo by Ditta Giovanni Lanfranchi S.p.A,, and Chargeurs PCC Fashion Technologies. 

It
is also worth noting that our millennial market values the longevity of a garment, as they are aware of the importance of sustainability
in fashion. By sourcing based on quality, and manufacturing in small quantities at the most qualified factories in the world, we will
be able to meet our market s values and expectations. 

Distribution 

LSEB
will be utilizing a multi-channel distribution strategy, which will include both B2B and B2C relationships. Upon launching LSEB, our
main distribution channel will be eCommerce, as it will ensure our highest profitable margins and allow immediate access for the consumers.
Additionally, during the development and launch stages of the company, emphasis will be placed on establishing relationships with buyers
and retailers worldwide, with the intension of pursuing a retail distribution channel following our introduction stage. 

Technology 

Our
ecommerce platform is powered by a bespoke Wordpress website - developed by Stories Design Studio Ltd., - as Wordpress software is secure,
easy to use, and offers features such as responsive web design, search engine optimization (SEO), and fully customized pages. It s
these key features that set Wordpress apart from other ecommerce software and will allow us to build an advanced platform for our customers
to shop. 

Because
LSEB understands the importance of our customers and focusing our strategies based on their needs and wants, an advanced Customer Relationship
Management system (CRM system) will play a critical role in the success of our business. The system will gather, organize, and analyze
customer information and preferences, which will allow us to cater to each individual customer better. The advantage is improved efficiency
and increase sales. 

Marketing
and Sales 

Branding 

Below
is a glimpse of our Lauren Bentley Swimwear brand assets, to be seen across all marketing platforms and medias; 

Primary
Logo, in black 

11 

Secondary
Logo, in black 

Submark,
in black 

Marketing
and Brand Recognition 

Strategic
communications are central to building and reinforcing the LSEB brand. Our advertising, marketing and public relations strategy will
be established by the Company s marketing team and, where appropriate, implemented with the support of industry professionals.
The Company s marketing communications strategy will focus on both brand awareness, as well as more traditional product/price advertising.
Marketing imagery and content will focus primarily on product details and fit, as well as brand personality, exhibiting our competency
and identity as a luxury brand. Focusing on the consistency and quality of our complete marketing mix will establish brand recognition,
and ultimately LSEB as an industry leader. 

Mobile
and Web Marketing/Sales 

One
of the major market trends influencing the growth of the swimsuit industry is the expansion of online and omnichannel retail. The fastest-growing
segment of the global retail industry is e-retailing. Because of the widespread usage of internet services, the stronger economy, and
the advancement of purchase and delivery possibilities brought about by the emergence of e-commerce, online shopping through smart devices
has become increasingly popular over time. The importance of omnichannel retailing has grown as a viable substitute for interacting with
customers both online and offline. In turn, this will fuel the expansion of the swimwear market over the coming years. 

Through
our research we found that 67 of the buying process now takes place digitally (Digital Marketing Institute). We plan to capitalize on
this evidence by directing majority of our focus towards content, processes, and analytics across these channels. Our eCommerce website
will be built bespoke by our favored marketing agency, Stories Design Studio Ltd. Website optimization, striking content, and the development
of an omni-channel experience will be of primary focus. Modern day consumers are most likely to stay engaged when digital information
and content is quick to access and easily understood. Consistency and interconnection across all digital platforms, including web and
mobile, are detrimental to the natural growth of our brand and sales. Additional web and mobile tactics, such as reduced clicks, eye-catching
content, and aesthetically pleasing graphic design, will be utilized to guarantee customer satisfaction. By implementing said tactics
and regularly updating our platform with fresh content, the Company will ensure consistent traffic and sales. 

12 

Below
you will see mobile and web design mock-up images; 

Email
Marketing 

In
2020, email remains the leading communication channel for consumers, placing it as an important focus for the Company. Prior to launch,
great emphasis will be put on composing and expanding our Email List, communicating with the regularly to tease sneak-peaks, our launch
date, and any additional marketing campaigns. By doing so, we will secure an audience among our target market and create excitement and
desirability around the launch of our brand. To gain said Email List, we will draw on A) industry contacts, B) prompt consumers with
an opt-in form available and linked to all web and mobile outlets prior to launch, and C) an Email Marketing Service such as Drip, which
focuses on intelligent marketing automation to convert visitors into subscribers. These tactics, along with others, will successfully
capture our audience and ensure tailored, consistent communication as our brand launches and expands. 

Event
Marketing 

Upon
the launch of LSEB, there will be an event held to raise awareness of the brand, generate excitement, and most importantly, showcase
the collection. It will be attended by industry professionals, potential buyers, press, influencers, and supporters. The collection will
be presented as an ongoing runway show throughout the evening. Location, d cor, food and drinks, and music will be thoughtfully
chosen in order to best represent the brand s overall style and values. 

13 

Direct
Mail 

Our
strategy for direct mail focuses on PR packages. The packages will include a selection of products from the collection, brand information,
and a personalized note. This will be sent to influencers that embody the brand, such as fashion s favorite couple Negin Mirsalehi
and Maurits Stibbe (Instagram; negin_mirsalehi and m_stibbe), power couple Desi Perkins and Steven Perkins (Instagram; desiperkins and
stevenperkins), and female entrepreneur Audrey Leighton Rogers (@frassyaudrey). These influencers, along with others, would then wear
and document themselves wearing our product on their social media platforms. This strategy is expected to have great impact brand recognition
and sales, as these influencers often have reach of one-million plus followers worldwide. 

Print
Advertising 

Although
it may seem print advertising is diminishing with today s technology, the fashion industry and its consumers remain appreciative
and continue to invest in the tactile sensation of printed media. Accordingly, print advertising will play an important part in our strategy,
with focus on securing featured advertising in various fashion publications across the world. By establishing healthy relationships with
industry professionals and hosting them at our launch event, we will then be able to nurture further conversations regarding potential
publication features. 

Marketplace 

Competition 

General 

The
market for swimwear is highly competitive. In conjunction with increasing competition from established companies that are expanding their
production and marketing, we are seeing an influx of new entrants to the market. 

LSEB
believes it will be well positioned to compete against many swimwear brands by concentrating on providing high levels of professional
service and focusing on improving customer satisfaction and guidance. The Company believes that consumers will pay for its value-added
services and will be attracted to its premium selection of men s and women s swimwear products. Competition in the luxury
swimwear industry is based principally on brand image and recognition as well as product quality, innovation, style, distribution, and
price. We believe that we can successfully compete based on our premium brand image and our innovative product. We also believe our ability
to introduce new product innovations and combine versatility and fashion will set us apart from our competitors. 

Many
swimwear products are available to our customers from a number of retailers. In addition, our competitors could obtain exclusive rights
from manufacturers to market particular products. 

Significant
price reductions by our competitors could result in a similar reduction in our prices. Any of these competitive pressures may materially
adversely affect our operating results. 

Generally
speaking, specialty swimwear brick and mortar retail stores focus on low to mid-end inexpensive lines. High-end or luxury department
stores best cater to our target market, but also provide very little price comparison or depth of product. They tend to offer small collections
of few select brands, which does not allow much option for consumers. 

Women s 

The
women s swimwear market has become increasingly saturated with brands that embody similar brand personas and business models. Generally
speaking, these brands offer trend-driven styles, average fit and construction standards, at mid-high tier pricing. These brands tend
to lack concise business or marketing plans and relying on social media marketing for sales conversions. While this may prove successful
during the rise of the swimwear industry, it will not ensure long-term success or profitability. Although, such repetition has revealed
an untouched area in the market; a consumer base that values an air of sophistication and exclusivity. 

14 

Men s 

In
contrast to women s, the total market share for men s swimwear is comprised of few brands. Athletic brands and global fashion
houses are the leading suppliers of men s swimwear, with few additional options falling in-between. Historically, male consumers
have valued few choices, ease of purchase, and brand recognition. However, during the last five years, we have seen this shift considerably.
It s become evident that men have come to value the art of shopping, and particularly appreciate experiential shopping experiences.
This matured consumer mentality among men urges the industry to react by offering fresh designs and unparalleled customer experiences
and service. 

Current
Alternatives 

Note;
the following Competitive Analysis examines The Company s decided primary competitors. Each company is considered a Primary Competitor
based on the following shared elements; Product Offering, Price Point, Target Market, and Quality 

Amaio
Swim Women s Line 

Analysis 

Amaio
is a Los Angeles based brand that aims to break the traditional swim and resort space by merging swimwear with runway fashions. Designed
for the cosmopolitan woman, the brand places a large emphasis on creating the next generation of Apr s Swim , a term
that refers to activities following swimming and the attire associated with it. This concept, along with their soaring prices, allows
Amino to hone in on an extremely niche market, and in return, has exceptional customer loyalty. 

The
company uses a premium pricing strategy, similar to LSEB, however their prices are extremely high in relation to majority of brands in
the industry. This is mainly due to the intricate construction of their designs, as well as the heritage mills they source fabrics from.
However, these factors also cause large variances in prices across each commodity (maillot, two-piece, resort wear). By reducing the
number of price points across each commodity, the customer s perceived value from one item to the next will be more in-line. A
clear and concise pricing strategy is easier for consumers to understand and allows them to feel comfortable with their purchase. 

With
digital sales increasing at an unfathomable rate, it is important that modern retail businesses concentrate on expanding their reach
and sales via digital platforms. Although Amaio swimwear utilizes strong, brand-focused visual content on their social media platforms,
it is clear by their number of followers that these platforms do not have high conversion rates. With only 19.8K followers on Instagram,
Amaio may want to consider social media growth strategies to increase traffic and conversion rates, as well as brand recognition. 

ERES
Paris 

Analysis 

ERES
Paris was founded in the late 1960 s when Ir ne Leroux made the courageous decision to carry swimsuits year-round after
haven taken over her parent s sport shop. Along with offering this commodity year-round, the company became a leader in the industry
through their early adoption of Lycra and introduction of mix-and-match swimwear sets, which allowed women to better personalize
their fit and look. The brand focuses on offering exceptional quality goods in simplistic silhouettes that complement the female body,
which has positioned them as a staple swimwear retailer in the industry. 

Chanel
Groupe acquired ERES Paris in 1996, which was a fitting partnership, as the two brands gained popularity from their timeless, polished,
feminine looks. Unlike Chanel, who continues to incorporate innovative fashion items into their assortment, ERES strictly focuses on
simplistic designs and refrains from offering fashion items. This narrow assortment results in a missed market amongst women looking
for statement swimwear. 

ERES
practices vertical integration, which allows the company to avoid additional surcharges and fees related to manufacturing, duties, freight,
etc. The company currently offers lingerie loungewear, and accessories in addition to swimwear. It s likely that ERES will look
to expand their product category offering in future to gain additional business and customers. As a result of being vertically integrated,
introducing new commodities could result in the hire of an additional specialized team, or sourcing new supplier with little to know
previously stablished relationships. 

15 

Orlebar
Brown Men s Line 

Analysis 

Notable
for bringing the concept of tailored clothing to men s swimwear, Orlebar Brown is a staple in the industry. As the first brand
of their kind, the company was able to quickly gain a customer following. But it is their consistency in product quality and customer
focus that has allowed them to obtain the robust level customer loyalty they have to this day. The company is most widely known for their
quirky Snap Short , which is a featured photograph printed swim short each season. 

The
company was established in 2007, but has since been acquired by Chanel Inc. in 2018, which has provided them with extensive resources,
financial support, and recognition. The company s assortment has grown from an exclusive swim short offering to additional categories,
such as men s resort wear and accessories, as well as kidswear. The company has a definite opportunity in expanding their assortment
with new commodities and/or markets, such as women s swimwear or men s ready-to-wear. 

Between
their progressive ecommerce website, seven bricks and mortar stores, as well as countless wholesalers across the world, Orlebar Brown s
reach is extremely impressive and effective. Where the company has opportunity to increase reach is by undertaking an Experiential Marketing
strategy, which could include more frequent, innovative events with customers or enhancing the traditional bricks and mortar environment
to be more engaging or interactive for the customer. 

Frescobol
Carioca 

Analysis 

Influenced
by the Brazillian landscape and denizens, or otherwise known as Cariocas , Frescobol Carioca offers a range of luxury lifestyle
products; Men s swimwear being the majority. The brand was founded in 2009 with a strong focus on environmentalism, quality, and
ultimately allowing their customers to live like a Carioca . 

Frescobol
Carioca has increased their brand recognition through collaborations with world-renowned companies, such as Louis Vuitton and Eden Rock
Hotel. Although such collaborations have increased the company s business, it is evident that they did not successfully market
these ventures and therefore did not take full advantage of the opportunity. Although the company has powerful social media outlets,
it is their ecommerce that is lacking curated content and fresh graphic design. By upgrading their ecommerce and harmonizing their various
platforms, Frescobol Caricoa would increase communication, customer traffic, and time spent on the platform. 

Due
to Frescobol Carioca s focus on environmental impact, they use an artisanal approach by running limited quantities of the items
in their collections. Concepts such as this create great urgency for customers to buy, however it also prevents potential sales above
and beyond the quantities produced. By producing larger quantities and shipping more stock to wholesalers and bricks and mortar locations,
the brand could profit from additional sales rather than selling-out. 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

LSEB
will be well positioned to maintain healthy competition with brands. Notable competitive strengths include concept and assortment, high-functioning
eCommerce platform, and our adept management team. Competition in the luxury swimwear industry is based principally on brand image and
recognition as well as product quality, innovation, style, distribution, and price. We understand and hold the delicate balance of these
factors necessary to find success in our industry. 

16 

Below
are the strengths that differentiate the Company and are viewed internally as critical to our success; 

Premium
Swimwear Brand 

LSEB
aims to be the leading destination for both men s and women s luxury swimwear. We believe customers will associate the LSEB
brand with high-quality, premium swimwear that incorporates technically advanced materials, innovative designs, and precise garment construction,
providing the best fit for our consumers. We believe our focus on coordinating men s and women s sub-collections differentiates
us from competitors and positions LSEB to address a void in the growing market. The nature of our premium brand will be reinforced by
our B2C retail strategy and selective distribution through high-end retailers and hotel resort boutiques. We believe this approach allows
us to further control our brand image and merchandising. 

Distinctive
E-Commerce Experience 

We
have designed our website with consumers in mind, focusing on easy navigation, eye-catching visuals, and elaborate product details. By
incorporating tactics such as responsive web design, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), and advanced Customer Relationship Management
system (CRM system), we strive to offer a seamless shopping experience for our customers. These tactics will allow us to gather, organize,
and analyze customer information and preferences, helping us cater to each customer and their individual needs. 

Innovative
Design Process 

We
attribute our ability to develop superior products to a number of factors, including: our customer-driven design process; our collaborative
relationships with third-party suppliers and manufacturers to develop finest-constructed and technically advanced products; and our multi-channel
retail strategy that allows us to integrate both customer and retailer feedback into our product. 

Experienced
Management Team 

Our
founder and Chief Executive Officer, Lauren Bentley, leads our design team and plays a central role in corporate strategy and promoting
our distinctive corporate culture. After graduating from post-secondary school with an Advanced Diploma in Fashion Business Management,
she quickly climbed the ladder of her career through hands-on experience, finding employment of various capacities in the fashion industry.
Her industry experience includes sales, design, sourcing, distribution, and finance. Ms. Bentley will assemble a management team with
a complementary mix of retail, design, operations, product sourcing and marketing experience from leading swimwear and retail companies.
We believe our management team will be well positioned to execute the long-term growth strategy for our business. 

Target
Market 

Primary 

Demographic 

Females
 30-40 years and males 32-42 years; Millennial generation 

Single
 or with long-term partner/fianc , but not yet married 

Lives
 in a 1-2 income family 

Graduated
 from college or university with a diploma, degree, or MBA 

Working
 in Business, Fashion, Marketing, Tech, or a related field 

Often
 an Entrepreneur with their own successful small to mid-sized company or established as a senior role in a large company 

Annual
 household income of 160,000 240,000 USD 

Mode
 of transportation is a personal or family vehicle of approximately 60,000 90,000 USD in value 

17 

Geographic 

Urban
 areas internationally 

Living
 in an 800+ square-foot condo in the downtown core of a city, or in 3+ bedroom home in the suburbs 

Psychographic 

Self-motivated,
 business-oriented individuals that place importance on self-presentation, their relationships, and discovering the finer things 
 life has to offer 

Hobbies
 include learning new technologies, reading, yoga and fitness classes, nutrition, traveling, shopping, and discovering new restaurants 

Day-to-day
 style can be described as elevated modern-day business attire, while weekend or casual attire consists of on-trend, streetstyle items
 that provide comfortability 

Appreciates
 high-fashion but is also mindful quality, sustainability, and the overall value of a garment and are willing to pay for these attributes 

Travels
 often whether it be for business or pleasure and are willing to spend money on experiences 

Secondary 

Couples
 40-50 years of age 

Married
 with 1+ children that are now living away from home 

Experiencing
 or considering early retirement and are going on more frequent vacations or living in hot climates for a portion of the year as a
 result 

Fashionable
 business moguls, investors, or those in significant corporate positions 

Find
 pride in maintaining their physical health and appearance despite aging 

Fashion
 is a passion or hobby of theirs, so they enjoy investing in their wardrobe 

Enjoy
 golfing, social events, vacationing, and hosting gatherings 

Inventory
/ Order Fulfillment / Distribution 

We
plan to utilize our current facility for storage and distribution purposes. This will allow the Company to hold inventory, fulfill orders,
and process shipments within one facility, while optimizing space and time. The order fulfillment process entails, checking and monitor
for incoming orders (during business hours), verifying product inventory availability and handling any clarifications with customer before
charging their credit card. In addition, this same team screens all orders, ensuring the proper verification procedures and specifically
ensuring receipt of proper (and fraud-proof) credit card information following our fraud screening steps. All orders placed by credit
card are subject to address verification by our credit and fraud avoidance department, which, in some cases, may delay the processing
of the order. Orders shipping to an address different from the billing address may require additional information in order to protect
consumers against credit card fraud that is overwhelming the internet. 

18 

We
currently operate and will distribute goods from our offices in Miami and in Toronto, Canada. Our facilities are leased or owed by third
parties who allow us to utilize the space at no cost. 

Terms
with Suppliers 

We
carry net 30 day terms with most of our suppliers and in some cases we work on a cash and carry basis where we pay the supplier upfront
for a product. In addition, we negotiate separate payment and shipment terms with each supplier. 

Website
Product Management and Support 

To
streamline operations, we have an in-house team responsible for uploading new products and copy to the LSEB website. This team uploads
data files and image feeds manually. Their responsibilities, include categorizing product correctly, guaranteeing that all products,
images, and copy information are properly visible and located in correct sub-categories on our website, and making sure that the correct
key word search terms are added in our shopping cart for each product. 

Customer
Inquiry Management 

The
operating team will handle inbound customer calls in the US and Canada during the working hours from 8-8 pm EST. We will begin extended
hours and provide support service for International inquiries in the second half of our operating year once we develop quality level
standards that are consistent across multiple markets. Said extended services will include a 24-hour global customers handling by phone,
email and chat. 

Level
 1 - Simple questions that can be answered on the spot delivery costs and time, etc. 

Level
 2 - More complex (Needs Analysis) questions such as availability, color, dimensions etc 

Customer
- Privacy and Security 

LSEB
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering
and dissemination practices for this website; 

We
do not sell customer e-mail address or related information to third parties and unless customers opt-in to our Mailing List they will
not receive advertising e-mails from us. We track IP addresses for security reasons to discourage fraudulent activity attempts. By doing
so we are making our customer shopping experience more safe and secure. 

Our
site uses cookies to keep track of customer shopping carts for multiple purchases while shopping with us. We do not require our customers
to open an account with us in order to shop, therefore each purchase session usually means you may need to re-enter your information. 

Our
site s registration form requires users to give us contact information, such as their name and email address, and unique identifiers.
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about purchases that have been processed.
The customer s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to unsubscribe. 

Returns 

We
have a general set of standards we use to manage our returns process. Returns are accepted for the full product credit if received within
15 days form the date of purchase. Merchandise returns are not accepted after 15 days from the date of purchase. LSEB provides the
customer with a pre-paid delivery slip that can be found inside the package, meaning the customer can send back the products free of
charge (hereafter, the Prepaid Slip ), by sticking the Prepaid Slip on the return package and depositing it at a post office.
No return fees will be refunded by LSEB to the customer if the customer decides not to use the Prepaid Slip that has been made available.
Shipping cost refunds will not include reimbursing of the original shipping fees. 

19 

Each
product must be returned new, in its original packaging. If the Product has lost value due to any handling other than to ascertain the
nature and characteristics of the Product, LSEB reserves the right to refuse the refund or exchange of the Product. LSEB will not refund
orders if any Products returned by the customer do not correspond to those ordered, or if they originate from anywhere other than the
LSEB online boutique. Our Close-Out and Special Orders are not returnable. 

Shipping 

The
shipping department within our warehouse will decide which shipping company to use for each particular shipment. For domestic shipment
orders we will ship via FedEx, UPS Ground, United States Postal Service Priority Mail, or Canada Post Priority Mail depending on the
size and weight of the order. Small orders generally ship Priority Mail. Large orders generally ship by FedEx. Very small orders, at
our discretion, may be sent via First Class Mail with a reduced shipping and handling charge. The absolute minimum shipping and handling
charge per order is 9.95. 

International
Shipments 

Shipping
charges for international orders vary greatly. For international shipping destinations not outlined on our eCommerce website, we have
requested that customers email us with the items they are interested in buying with their address and the destination country. We respond
to international customers with information on ordering, including shipping and handling charges. Long-term, LSEB is planning to expand
its international shipping destination roster, at which time we will partner with FedEx CrossBorder and Mail Forwarding to service a
broader range of international customers. FedEx CrossBorder works within a retailer s e-commerce platform and shopping cart platform,
offering tools to help with regulatory compliance, secure payment processing, multi-currency pricing and credit card fraud protection.
As a U.S. e-retailer, selling outside the country will be as simple as a domestic transaction. 

Payment
Handling 

For
our website business, LSEB will accept all major credit cards in addition to PayPal through our ecommerce web site. 

Warranties 

Any
other product defects are addressed on a case-by-case basis. Customers can call our Toll-Free telephone number and we will work to resolve
their product warranty claims within the first 15 days. 

Acquisitions 

Consolidation
Opportunities 

The
Company believes that it will be able to capitalize on the projected growth in the swimwear industry and on consolidation opportunities
upon completion of this financing. The industry trends are expected to fuel continued growth, positioning LSEB to advance alongside it. 

The
fragmented nature of the North American swimwear marketplace provides a significant opportunity for LSEB to grow through strategic acquisition
of privately operated eCommerce web sites. 

20 

Criteria
and Process of Identification of Acquisitions 

A
strategy of the Company is to pursue opportunities to advance its business through the acquisition of privately operated eCommerce sites.
However, there can be no assurance that suitable acquisition opportunities will be identified. The Company may adopt acquisition strategies
that require it to seek additional financing. If LSEB is unable to obtain sufficient financing on satisfactory terms and conditions,
it may not be able to maintain or increase its market share or expand its business. 

Pursuing
Strategic Acquisitions of Independent Swimwear Brands and ECommerce Sites 

While
LSEB s goal is to be one of the largest swimwear suppliers, the fragmented nature of the marketplace provides a significant opportunity
for LSEB to grow through the acquisition of independently operated swimwear lines, stores and e-commerce sites. Management believes the
Company will be well positioned to acquire strategic sites from independent and banner operators by offering attractive opportunities
to become a partner of the LSEB brand. 

All
potential acquisitions will be evaluated by management of the Company and will be subject to approval by the board of directors of the
Company. The Company will pursue acquisitions or developments that meet the Company s objective of acquiring swimwear brands with
positive cash flow. 

Method
of Financing Acquisitions 

The
Company proposes to use the proceeds from its offering, bank financing, issuance of treasury shares or other securities, private or public
financing, joint venturing of projects or any combination thereof or other means to finance acquisitions. If treasury shares are issued,
such issuance could result in a change in control or further dilution to shareholders. The Company aims to limit debt financing for all
acquisitions to no more than 40 to 50 of the Common Shares equity. 

Employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, we currently have one full time employee, Lauren Bentley, who does not have a formal employment agreement. We
plan to hire additional employees as needed as the Company grows. In addition, Jordan Starkman is the CFO and he does not have a formal
employment agreement. Furthermore, the Company has 2 consultants working for the Company related to the design and patterns for the swimwear. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our securities. Additional risks not presently known to us or
that our management currently deems immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the risks described below were to occur,
our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In such an event, the trading
price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also
refer to the other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks
discussed below include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking
statements. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

The
recent COVID-19 coronavirus outbreak and related government, private sector, and individual consumer responsive actions may adversely
affect our business operations, web traffic, employee availability, travel, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow. 

The
outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus disease has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization continues to spread in the
United States, Canada, and in many other countries globally. Related government and private sector responsive actions may adversely affect
our business operations. It is impossible to predict the effect and ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic as the situation is rapidly
evolving. 

21 

The
spread of COVID-19 has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus, especially when congregating
in heavily populated areas, such as malls and lifestyle centers. There is significant uncertainty around the breadth and duration of
our store closures and other business disruptions related to COVID-19, as well as its impact on the U.S., Canadian, and
global economies, consumer willingness to visit stores, malls, and lifestyle centers, and employee willingness to work once they stores
re-open. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be
predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions taken to contain it or treat
its impact. These and other potential impacts of COVID-19 could therefore materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. As a result of these uncertainties, we are unable to predict the overall impact on our company at this time.
Our senior management will continue to monitor our situation on a daily basis; however, we expect that these factors and others we have
yet to experience will materially adversely impact our company, its business and operations for the foreseeable future. 

Furthermore,
we are required to frequently travel to Europe to visit our manufacturer and suppliers, and the travel restrictions due to COVID-19 has
delayed our sourcing and production. In addition, fewer consumers are travelling to warm destinations limiting the demand for swimwear.
As vaccination rates increases over the next 6 months, we expect lockdowns and restrictions to be removed as well as businesses and manufacturers
to be open for business. 

We
have a limited operating history and no brand recognition that you can use to evaluate us, and the likelihood of our success must be
considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered by a small developing company . 

We
were incorporated in Wyoming in April 3, 2019. With the exception of 2,710 in cash on March 31, 2023, we have no significant financial
resources and no revenues to date. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties,
complications and delays frequently encountered by a small developing company starting a new business enterprise and the highly competitive
environment in which we will operate. Since we have a limited operating history and no brand recognition, we cannot assure you that our
business will be profitable or that we will ever generate sufficient revenues to meet our expenses and support our anticipated activities. 

We
will require financing to achieve our current business strategy and our inability to obtain such financing could prohibit us from executing
our business plan and cause us to slow down our expansion of operations. 

We
will need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or sale of equity to achieve our current business strategy. Such financing
may not be available when needed. Even if such financing is available, it may be on terms that are materially averse to your interests
with respect to dilution of book value, dividend preferences, liquidation preferences, or other terms. Our capital requirements to implement
our business strategy will be approximately 400,000. Moreover, in addition to monies needed to continue operations over the next twelve
months, we anticipate requiring additional funds in order to implement our plan of operations. No assurance can be given that such funds
will be available or, if available, will be on commercially reasonable terms satisfactory to us. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to obtain financing if and when it is needed on terms we deem acceptable. 

If
we are unable to obtain financing on reasonable terms, we could be forced to delay or scale back our plans for expansion. In addition,
such inability to obtain financing on reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial
condition. 

Our
auditor has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Based
on our financial history since inception, our auditor has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.
From inception to March 31, 2023, we have incurred an accumulated deficit of 390,981, and as of the twelve months ending March 31, 2023
we have incurred a net loss of 144,371. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues from our services, we may have to delay the implementation
of our business plan. 

22 

Our
future success is dependent, in part, on the performance and continued service of Lauren Bentley, our officer and director. Without her
continued service, we may be forced to interrupt or eventually cease our operations. 

We
are presently dependent to a great extent upon the experience, abilities and continued services of Lauren Bentley, our Company s
Officer and Director. We currently do not have an employment agreement with Ms. Bentley. The loss of her services could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. 

We
are selling our products in a highly competitive market and we are unsure as to whether there will be any consumer demand for our products. 

The
market for swimwear is highly competitive. We compete with companies that are larger and more capitalized than we are. Our competitors
may be able to seize the same market opportunities that we are targeting. These competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners,
may succeed in developing business models that are more effective or have greater market success than our own. The Company is especially
susceptible to larger retailers that invest more money in marketing. Moreover, the market for our products is large but highly competitive.
There is little or no hard data that substantiates the demand for our products or how this demand will be segmented. It is possible that
there will be low consumer demand for our products, or that interest in our products could decline or die out, which would cause us to
be unable to sustain our operations. The availability of swimwear supplies at lower or more competitive prices may cause potential customers
to purchase products elsewhere, which would negatively impact our business. 

Our
competitors may be able to achieve and maintain brand awareness and market share more quickly and effectively than we can. In contrast
to a grassroots (low cost) marketing approach such as social media marketing, targeted content campaigns, and banner ads,
many of our competitors promote their brands through traditional forms of advertising, such as print media and television commercials,
and through celebrity endorsements, and have substantial resources to devote to such efforts. Our competitors may also create and maintain
brand awareness using traditional forms of advertising more quickly than we can. Our competitors may also be able to increase sales in
their new and existing markets faster than we do by emphasizing different distribution channels than we do, such as catalog sales or
an extensive franchise network. 

In
addition, because we hold no patents or exclusive intellectual property rights in the technology, fabrics or processes underlying our
products, our current and future competitors are able to manufacture and sell products with performance characteristics, fabrication
techniques, and styling similar to our products. 

Our
ability to manage the life cycle of our brands and to remain current with fashion trends and launch new product lines successfully could
impact the image and relevance of our brands. 

Our
success depends in part on management s ability to effectively manage the life cycle of our brands and to anticipate and respond
to changing fashion preferences and consumer demands and to translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product offerings in advance
of the actual time of sale to the customer. Customer demands and fashion trends change rapidly. If we are unable to successfully anticipate,
identify or react to changing styles or trends or we misjudge the market for our products or any new product lines, our sales will be
lower, potentially resulting in significant amounts of unsold finished goods inventory. In response, we may be forced to increase our
marketing promotions or price markdowns. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our brand image and reputation as well as
our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

23 

Our
success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of our brand. 

Our
success depends on the value and reputation of the LSEB brand. The LSEB name is integral to our business, as well to the implementation
of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of
our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide a consistent, high quality product, and guest experience. We rely
on social media, as one of our marketing strategies, to have a positive impact on both our brand value and reputation. Our brand and
reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives, if our public image was to be tarnished by negative publicity,
if we fail to deliver innovative and high-quality products that are acceptable to our guests. Negative publicity regarding the sourcing
or production methods of our suppliers or manufacturers could adversely affect our reputation and sales, forcing us to locate alternative
suppliers or manufacturing facilities. Additionally, while we devote considerable efforts and resources to protecting our intellectual
property, if these efforts are not successful, the value of our brand may be harmed. Any harm to our brand and reputation could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

If
any of our products are unacceptable to us or our guests, our business could be harmed. 

We
may in the future receive shipments of products that fail to comply with our technical specifications or that fail to conform to our
quality control standards. We also may in the future receive, products that are otherwise unacceptable to us or our guests. Under these
circumstances, unless we are able to obtain replacement products in a timely manner, we risk the loss of net revenue resulting from the
inability to sell those products and related increased administrative and shipping costs. Additionally, if the unacceptability of our
products is not discovered until after such products are purchased by our customers, our customers could lose confidence in our products
or we could face a product recall and our results of operations could suffer, potentially rusting in harm towards business, reputation,
and brand. 

The
ability to successfully deploy our business model is heavily dependent upon economic conditions in the United States and Canada. 

The
ability to successfully deploy our business model is heavily dependent upon the general state of the US and Canadian economy. We cannot
assure you that favorable conditions will exist in the future. A general economic recession in the United States and Canada could have
a serious adverse economic impact on us and our ability to obtain funding and generate projected revenues. Unfavorable economic conditions
may lead guests to delay or reduce purchases of our products. Guest demand for our products may not reach our targets or may decline
when there is an economic downturn or economic uncertainty in our key markets, particularly North America. Our sensitivity to economic
cycles and any related fluctuation in consumer demand may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Many
of our products may be considered discretionary items for consumers. Some of the factors that may influence consumer spending on discretionary
items include general economic conditions (particularly those in North America), high levels of unemployment, health pandemics (such
as the impact of the current COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic, including reduced store traffic and widespread temporary store closures),
higher consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth based on market declines and uncertainty, home foreclosures and reductions in home
values, fluctuating interest and foreign currency rates and credit availability, government austerity measures, fluctuating fuel and
other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices, tax rates and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment.
As global economic conditions continue to be volatile or economic uncertainty remains, trends in consumer discretionary spending also
remain unpredictable and subject to reductions due to credit constraints and uncertainties about the future. Unfavorable economic conditions
may lead consumers to delay or reduce purchases of our products. Consumer demand for our products may not reach our targets, or
may decline, when there is an economic downturn or economic uncertainty in our key markets, particularly in North America. Our sensitivity
to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in consumer demand may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

Our
reliance on suppliers to provide materials for and to produce our products could cause problems in our supply chain. 

We
do not manufacture our products or the raw materials for them and rely instead on suppliers. Many of the specialty fabrics used in our
products are technically advanced textile products developed and manufactured by third parties and may be available, in the short-term,
from only one or a very limited number of sources. We work with a limited group of suppliers to provide the fabrics for our products.
We work with a group of approximately 2 vendors that manufacture our products. We have no long-term contracts with any of our suppliers
or manufacturing sources for the production and supply of our fabrics and garments, and we compete with other companies for fabrics,
raw materials, and production. 

24 

We
may experience, a significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials from current sources and we may be unable to locate
alternative materials suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. In addition, if we experience significant increased
demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier or manufacturer, we may be unable to locate additional supplies of fabrics or raw
materials, or we may be unable to locate any supplier or manufacturer with sufficient capacity to meet our requirements, to fill our
orders in a timely manner, or on terms that are acceptable to us. Identifying a suitable supplier is an involved process that requires
us to become satisfied with its quality control, responsiveness and service, financial stability, partnership, and labor and ethical
practices. Even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing or fabric sources, we may encounter delays in production
and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our suppliers and manufacturers in our methods, products, and quality control
standards. Delays related to supplier or manufacturer changes could also arise due to an increase in shipping times if new facilities
are located farther away from our markets or from other participants in our supply chain. Any delays, interruption or increased costs
in the supply of materials or manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet consumer demand for our
products and result in lower net revenue and income from operations both in the short and long term. 

We
will be dependent upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of substantially all our products. 

We
will obtain substantially all our products from third-party suppliers. We do not expect to enter into long- term contracts with
our suppliers. Therefore, suppliers may not provide the products we need in the quantities we request. Because we will not control
the actual production of the products we intend to sell, we may be subject to delays caused by interruption in production based on conditions
outside of our control. In the event that any of our intended third-party suppliers were to become unable or unwilling to continue to
provide the products in required volumes, we would need to identify and obtain acceptable replacement sources on a timely basis. There
is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis, if at all. An extended interruption
in the supply of any of our intended products, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, which most likely would adversely
affect the value of our common stock. 

Our
sales and profitability may decline as a result of increasing product costs and decreasing selling prices. 

Our
business is subject to significant pressure on costs and pricing caused by many factors, including intense competition, constrained sourcing
capacity and related inflationary pressure, pressure from consumers to reduce the prices we charge for our products, and changes in consumer
demand. These factors may cause us to experience increased costs, reduce our prices to consumers, or experience reduced sales in response
to increased prices. Any of which could cause our operating margin to decline if we are unable to offset these factors with reductions
in operating costs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions, operating results and cash flows. 

If
we are unable to anticipate consumer preferences and successfully develop and introduce innovative products, we may not be able to maintain
or increase our sales and profitability. 

Our
success depends on our ability to identify and originate product trends as well as to anticipate and react to changing consumer demands
in a timely manner. All our products are subject to changing consumer preferences that cannot be predicted with certainty. If we are
unable to introduce new products and concepts in a timely manner, or our new products and concepts are not accepted by our customers,
our competitors may introduce similar products in a timelier fashion, which could harm our goal to be viewed as a leader in the luxury
swimwear market. Our new products may not receive consumer acceptance, as consumer preferences could shift rapidly to different types
of swimwear or away from these types of products altogether, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and
respond to these changes. Our failure to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer preferences could lead to, among
other things, lower sales and excess inventory levels. Even if we are successful in anticipating consumer preferences, our ability to
adequately react to and address those preferences will in part depend upon our continued ability to develop and introduce innovative,
high-quality products. Our failure to effectively introduce new products that are accepted by consumers could result in a decrease in
net revenue and excess inventory levels, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

25 

Increases
in the cost of shipping or service issues with our third-party shippers could harm our business. 

We
pass through our shipping costs directly to our customers. We compete against store-front (retail) locations and if the shipping costs
escalate whereby the cost is not prohibitive for the customer to shop online, we could potentially become less competitive, thereby affecting
our sales. Accordingly, any significant increase in shipping rates could have an adverse effect on our operating results. Similarly,
strikes or other service interruptions by those shippers could cause our operating expenses to rise and adversely affect our ability
to deliver products on a timely basis. 

Our
results of operations could be materially harmed if we are unable to accurately forecast guest demand for our products. 

To
ensure adequate inventory supply, we must forecast inventory needs and place orders with our manufacturers based on our estimates of
future demand for particular products. Our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products could be affected by many factors,
including an increase or decrease in guest demand for our products or for products of our competitors, our failure to accurately forecast
guest acceptance of new products, product introductions by competitors, unanticipated changes in general market conditions, and weakening
of economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions. If we fail to accurately forecast guest demand, we may experience
excess inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale or for delivery to guests. 

Our
fabrics and manufacturing technology generally are not patented and can be imitated by our competitors. 

The
intellectual property rights in the technology, fabrics, and processes used to manufacture our products generally are owned or controlled
by our suppliers and are generally not unique to us. Our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our products is therefore
limited and we do not generally own patents or hold exclusive intellectual property rights in the technology, fabrics or processes underlying
our products. As a result, our current and future competitors are able to manufacture and sell products with performance characteristics,
fabrics and styling similar to our products. Because many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, distribution, marketing,
and other resources than we do, they may be able to manufacture and sell products based on our fabrics and manufacturing technology at
lower prices than we can. If our competitors do sell similar products to ours at lower prices, our net revenue and profitability could
suffer. 

Our
business is affected by seasonality. 

Our
business is affected by the general seasonal trends common to the retail swimwear industry. This seasonality may adversely affect our
business and cause our results of operations to fluctuate, and, as a result, we believe that comparisons of our operating results between
different quarters within a single fiscal year are not necessarily meaningful and that results of operations in any period should not
be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. In addition, the Company plans to sell worldwide alleviating
some of the seasonality risk. 

Our
revenues will depend on our relationships with capable sales personnel as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers of the products
that we distribute. 

Our
future operating results will depend on our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with qualified sales personnel as well as
customers, suppliers and manufacturers. If we fail to maintain relationships with such persons or fail to acquire relationships with
such key persons in the future, our business may be adversely affected. 

26 

The
offering price of the shares should not be used as an indicator of the future market price of the securities. The offering price
bears no relationship to the actual value of the company and may make our shares difficult to sell. 

The
facts considered in determining the offering price of 0.10 were our financial condition and prospects, our limited operating history
and the general condition of the securities market. The offering price bears no relationship to the book value, assets or earnings of
our company or any other recognized criteria of value. The offering price should not be regarded as an indicator of the future market
price of the securities. 

We
may incur significant costs to be a public company to ensure compliance with United States corporate governance and accounting requirements
and we may not be able to absorb such costs. 

We
may incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate
governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and
Exchange Commission. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance
costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make
it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced
policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating
and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional
costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. In addition, we may not be able to absorb these costs of being a public company which
will negatively affect our business operations. 

Our
common stock is considered a penny stock, which is subject to restrictions on marketability, so you may not be able to sell your shares. 

If
our common stock becomes tradable in the secondary market, we will be subject to the penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and
Exchange Commission that require brokers to provide extensive disclosure to their customers prior to executing trades in penny stocks.
These disclosure requirements may cause a reduction in the trading activity of our common stock, which likely would make it difficult
for our shareholders to sell their securities. 

Penny
stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system). Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks
in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value
of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The broker-dealer must also make a special written determination that the penny
stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These requirements
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to
the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting
transactions in our securities, which could severely limit their market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may
restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. 

We
Have No Plans to Pay Dividends. 

To
date, we have paid no cash dividends on our common shares. For the foreseeable future, earnings generated from our operations will be
retained for use in our business and not to pay dividends. 

We
may be unable to effectively implement our business model and expand. 

Our
business model and growth and marketing strategy is predicated on its ability to introduce our products and services to the market. We
cannot assure that we will be able to execute our business plan, introducing our products and services into new markets, that customers
will embrace our products compared to competing products and services already well established in those markets, that any of the target
markets will adopt our products and services, or that prospective customers will agree to pay the prices for our products and services
in those new markets we plan to charge. In the event prospective customers resist our products and services and paying the prices we
will charge, the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 

27 

We
may incur significant debt to finance our operations. 

There
is no assurance that the Company will not incur debt in the future, that it will have sufficient funds to repay its indebtedness, or
that the Company will not default on its debt, jeopardizing its business viability. Furthermore, the Company may not be able to borrow
or raise additional capital in the future to meet the Company s needs or to otherwise provide the capital necessary to conduct
its business. 

The
Company has not established consistent methods for determining the consideration paid to management. 

The
consideration being paid by the Company to its CEO, Ms. Bentley, has not been determined based on arm s length negotiation. While
management believes that Ms. Bentley s current compensation arrangement is fair for the work being performed, there is no assurance
that the consideration to management reflects the true market value of her services. Additionally, in the future, the Company may grant
net profits interests to its executive officers in addition to stock options, which may further dilute shareholders ownership
of the Company. 

In
the course of business, the Company may incur expenses beyond what was anticipated. 

Unanticipated
costs may force the Company to obtain additional capital or financing from other sources or may cause the Company to lose its entire
investment in the Company if it is unable to obtain the additional funds necessary to implement its business plan. There is no assurance
that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient capital to implement its business plan successfully. If a greater investment is required
in the business because of cost overruns, the probability of earning a profit or a return of shareholder investment in the Company is
diminished. 

The
Company will rely on management to execute the business plan and manage the Company s affairs. 

Under
applicable state corporate law and the By-Laws of the Company, the officers and directors of the Company have the power and authority
to manage all aspects of the Company s business. Shareholders must be willing to entrust all aspects of the Company s business
to its directors and executive officers. 

There
is no assurance the Company will always have adequate capital to conduct its business. 

The
Company will have limited capital available to it. If the Company s entire original capital is fully expended and additional costs
cannot be funded from borrowings or capital from other sources, then the Company s financial condition, results of operations and
business performance would be materially adversely affected. 

We
may encounter difficulties managing any growth, and if we are unable to do so, our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected. 

If
we are able to successfully launch our apps and websites, as our operations grow, the simultaneous management of development, production
and commercialization across our target markets will become increasingly complex and may result in less than optimal allocation of management
and other administrative resources, increase our operating expenses and harm our operating results. 

Our
ability to effectively manage our operations, growth and various projects across our target markets will require us to make additional
investments in our infrastructure to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems
and procedures and to attract and retain sufficient numbers of talented employees, which we may be unable to do effectively. We may be
unable to successfully manage our expenses in the future, which may negatively impact our gross margins or operating margins in any particular
quarter. 

28 

We
may, in the future, issue additional common shares, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute our share
value. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which 13,569,000
shares are issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the
percentage of our common stock held by our then-existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary
basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the
value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 

Our
common shares are subject to the Penny Stock rules of the SEC, and the trading market in our securities will likely be
limited, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes
relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: 

That
 a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 

The
 broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quality of the
 penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

Obtain
 financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and 

Make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge
 and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating
to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

Sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 

That
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

State
securities laws may limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell the shares
offered by this prospectus. 

Secondary
trading in common stock may not be possible in any state until the common stock is qualified for sale under the applicable securities
laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available
for secondary trading in the state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading
of, the common stock in any particular state, the common stock could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state.
In the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the liquidity for the common
stock could be significantly impacted thus causing you to realize a loss on your investment. 

29 

We
may issue shares of preferred stock in the future that may adversely impact your rights as holders of our common stock. 

Because
our directors, Ms. Bentley and Mr. Starkman, own a majority of our outstanding common stock, they could authorize our Board of Directors
to determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred shares without further stockholder approval. As a result, our Board of
Directors could then authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders preferred rights to our assets
upon liquidation, the right to receive dividends before dividends are declared to holders of our common stock, and the right to the redemption
of such preferred shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of the common stock. To the extent that we do issue shares
of preferred stock, your rights as holders of common stock could be impaired thereby, including, without limitation, dilution of your
ownership interests in us. In addition, shares of preferred stock could be issued with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change
in control or make removal of management more difficult, which may not be in your interest as a holder of common stock. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds, finance acquisitions or develop strategic relationships by issuing capital stock. 

We
may finance our operations and develop strategic relationships by issuing equity or debt securities, which could significantly reduce
the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders. Furthermore, any newly issued securities could have rights, preferences and privileges
senior to those of our existing stock. Moreover, any issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price
of our stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on your ownership interest, which could cause the market price of our stock
to decline. 

We
have used an arbitrary offering price. 

The
private placement price of 0.10 per share of common stock was arbitrarily determined by the Company and is unrelated to specific investment
criteria, such as the assets or past results of the Company s operations. In determining the offering price, the Company considered
such factors as the prospects, if any, of similar companies, the previous experience of management, the Company s anticipated results
of operations, and the likelihood of acceptance of this offering. 

There
may be deficiencies with our internal controls that require improvements, and if we are unable to adequately evaluate internal controls,
we may be subject to sanctions by the SEC. 

We
are exposed to potential risks from legislation requiring companies to evaluate internal controls under Section 404a of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. As a smaller reporting company and emerging growth company, we will not be required to provide a report on the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting until our second annual report, and we will be exempt from the auditor attestation
requirements concerning any such report so long as we are an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company. We have not yet
evaluated whether our internal control procedures are effective and therefore there is a greater likelihood of undiscovered errors in
our internal controls or reported financial statements as compared to issuers that have conducted such evaluations. If we are not able
to meet the requirements of Section 404a in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we might be subject to sanctions or investigation
by regulatory authorities, such as the SEC. 

There
has been no independent valuation of the stock, which means that the stock may be worth less than the purchase price. 

The
per share purchase price has been determined by us without independent valuation of the shares. We established the offering price based
on management s estimate of the value of the shares. This valuation is highly speculative and arbitrary. 

30 

There
is no relation to the market value, book value, or any other established criteria. We did not obtain an independent appraisal opinion
on the valuation of the shares. The shares may have a value significantly less than the offering price and the shares may never obtain
a value equal to or greater than the offering price. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock,
which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive office location and mailing address is 30 N. Gould St. #4000, Sheridan, WY 82801. Currently, this space is sufficient
to meet our office, and telephone facility needs; however, if we expand our business to a significant degree, we will have to find a
larger space. In addition, the Company has an office in Toronto, Canada. The premises is leased by Jordan Starkman and as of January
1, 2022 LSEB Creative entered into a 8 month lease agreement with Mr. Starkman for payment of USD 800 (CAD 1,000) per month for the
use of the space. The Company executed a Lease Extension Agreement for an additional 12 month period starting September 1, 2022
and ending August 31, 2023 for USD 800 (CAD 1,000) per month. The lease includes all utilities and internet. The Company is also currently
looking for additional office space in Miami, Fl, and in the United Kingdom. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial
condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board,
government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any
of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our company s
or our company s subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have
a material adverse effect. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

31 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
for Common Stock 

Our
common stock is quoted on OTC Markets under symbol LSEB . There can be no assurance that a liquid market for our securities
will ever develop. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or blue sky laws of various states and foreign
jurisdictions. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock
for an indefinite period of time. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we have issued 13,569,000 shares of common stock since the Company s inception on April 3, 2019. As of March
31, 2023, we had no outstanding shares of preferred stock, options, warrants, notes payable convertible into capital stock, or other
securities that are convertible into shares of common stock. 

Penny
Stock 

Our
common stock is considered penny stock under the rules the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions
in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain
national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System, provided that current price and volume information with respect
to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior
to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: 

contains
 a description of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; 

contains
 a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer
 with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description
 of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 

contains
 a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 

defines
 significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and 

contains
 such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or
 regulation. 

The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: 

bid
 and offer quotations for the penny stock; 

the
 compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; 

the
 number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the
 marker for such stock; and 

monthly
 account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In
addition, the penny stock rules that require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the
purchaser s written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving
penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. 

32 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock. 

Holders 

As
of the March 31, 2023, we had 55 stockholders of our common stock. As of such date, 13,569,000 shares were issued and outstanding. 

Transfer
Agent 

We
have engaged Sedona Equity Registrar Transfer Inc., as transfer agent to serve as agent for shares of our common stock. Our transfer
agent s contact information is as follows: 

Sedona
Equity Registrar Transfer Inc. 

 143
W. Helena Dr, Phoenix, AZ 85023 

 (602)
620-1554 

Dividends 

Since
inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future on our common stock, when issued pursuant to this offering. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the
growth of our business, our Board of Directors will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. 

Payment
of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, and other factors, which our Board of Directors may deem
relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of the end of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we do not have any compensation plan under which equity securities of the Company
are authorized for issuance. 

Sale
of Unregistered Securities 

As
at March 31, 2023, the company has 13,569,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company issued 100,000 common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of 10,000. 

On
May 24, 2022, the Company issued 100,000 common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of 10,000. 

On
July 19, 2022, the Company issued 160,000 common shares at 0.25 per share for cash payment of 40,000. 

On
November 15, 2022, the Company issued 100,000 common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of 10,000. 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company issued 100,000 common shares at 0.10 per share. The company received 7,416. The remaining 2,584 is
receivable as shown under Stock subscription receivable . The remaining amount of 2,584 was received by the Company on
January 3, 2023. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company issued 150,000 common shares for consulting services at 0.10 per share. The Company recognized the total
amount of 15,000 as Consulting expense in Statement of Operations. 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company issued 600,000 common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of 60,000. 

33 

On
January 12, 2023, the Company issued 140,000 common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of 14,000. 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company issued 50,000 common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of 5,000. 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company issued 50,000 common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of 5,000. 

The
sales and issuances of the securities described above were made pursuant to the exemptions from registration contained into Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act, Regulation D under the Securities Act, or not a U.S. person as that term is defined in Rule 902(k)
of Regulation S under the Act. Each purchaser represented that such purchaser s intention to acquire the shares for investment
only and not with a view toward distribution. We requested our stock transfer agent to affix appropriate legends to the stock certificate
issued to each purchaser and the transfer agent affixed the appropriate legends. Each purchaser was given adequate access to sufficient
information about us to make an informed investment decision. In addition, none of the securities were sold through an underwriter and
accordingly, there were no underwriting discounts or commissions involved. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements
are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, our beliefs and
our assumptions. Words such as anticipate, expects, intends, plans, believes, 
 seeks and estimates and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some
of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or
forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only
as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider all of such risks before making an investment decision
with respect to the Company s stock. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and summary of selected financial data for LSEB Creative Corp. Such discussion represents only the best present
assessment from our Management. 

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of
the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Our financial
statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results. In many cases,
the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s judgment
in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce
a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto
appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 

We
intend for this discussion to provide information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain
key items in those financial statements, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting
principles affect our financial statements. 

34 

Overview 

We
were incorporated on April 3, 2019 in Wyoming. Our business office is located at 30 N. Gould St. #4000, Sheridan, WY 82801. Our
telephone number is 1-800-701-8561. We were founded by Lauren Bentley, who serves as our President and Director, and Jordan Starkman
who serves as the Company s CFO and director. 

LSEB
Creative Corp. is a specialty retailer that offers men and women elevated swimwear designs, constructed with the highest quality materials
and techniques. With the recent substantial growth seen in the swimwear industry, our affluent, contemporary target market is in search
of assortment and impressive concepts. By offering a new concept to swimwear; gender-coordinating collections that allow the wearer to
look and feel powerful, partnered or individually, we will capture this new, sought-after space within the market. Our priority is to
design products that offer superior fit, performance, and comfort while incorporating both function and fashionability. Our strategy
is to capitalize on these existing opportunities in the luxury swimwear market through the development and growth of our web site www.laurenbentleyswim.com ,
and wholesaler partnerships on a global scale. We believe eCommerce will allow our target market convenient and easy access to our products
while effectively building brand awareness and entry into new markets. We are committed to building a highly recognized brand,
offering captivating customer experiences that drive long-term loyalty. By focusing on these key areas and tactics, we will successfully
align ourselves with our target market and profit accordingly. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023 we have incurred a net loss of 144,371 and have an accumulated deficit of 390,981 as of March 31, 2023.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern depends upon its ability to raise adequate financing and develop profitable
operations. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues from our services, we may have to delay the implementation of our business plan.
Management is actively targeting sources of additional financing to provide continuation of the Company s operations and growth.
In order for the Company to meet its liabilities as they come due and to continue its operations, the Company is solely dependent upon
its ability to generate such financing. 

The
Company is actively seeking financing for its current business operation. The Company is optimistic that the financing will be secured
and the going concern risk will be removed. Any capital raised will be through a private placement and will result in the issuance of
shares of common stock from the Company s authorized capital 

Our
consolidated audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Plan
of Operation 

Since
March 31, 2023, and for the next 12 months during our fiscal year 2024, our business will be built across four key growth product
categories including: (1) Women s Swimwear, (2) Men s Swimwear, (3) Women s Beachwear, and (4) Accessories. Our growth
plan is to achieve 500,000 in net revenues within the first 12 months following our official launch, with majority derived from category
(1), Women s Swimwear. To date, we have not generated any revenue. This is due to delays incurred by Covid-19, such as supplier
and manufacturer closures, impaired supply chain, and travel restrictions. The Company plans to complete a financing through a
private offering for a minimum of 400,000 within the 12-month period following our March 31, 2023 year-end. We have not yet
entered into any agreements with any parties with respect to obtaining financing for the Company. Given the Company is able to obtain
financing, the Women s Swimwear and Men s Swimwear product category will commence immediately, as well as pre-launch functions
outlined below. We intend to target consumers with on-line marketing, and businesses, including hotels and independent boutiques with
direct mail, and pursuing contacts within the industry. The Company also expects to attend swimwear trade shows across the world. 

If
we are unable to obtain financing on reasonable terms, we could be forced to delay or scale back our plans for expansion. In addition,
such inability to obtain financing on reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial
condition. In the unlikely scenario that we are not successful in financing our target of 400,000 or above through a private offering
within the first 12-month period following our March 31 year-end , we will delay the launch of the Women s Beachwear,
and move forward solely with Men s and Women s Swimwear. 

35 

Within
24 months following our March 31, 2023 year-end, our total sales forecast is 1,200,000. This target is comprised of 1,000,000 Women s
Swimwear and Men s Swimwear categories, and 200,000 Beachwear and Accessories. We anticipate a sales growth rate of approximately
50 per year for our first 3 operational years. 

The
Company has executed all essential pre-launch functions, including but not limited to, collection design, technical illustrations and
specification, sourcing trims, fabrics, and yarn, sample making, pattern drafting, manufacturer bulk order placement, and various marketing
projects. As the Company performs each function, our management team will make decisions based on the interest of consumer satisfaction
and Company profitability. These functions will prepare the Company for a B2C distribution channel upon launch, as well as B2B wholesale
partnerships for future growth opportunities. Additionally, they will align the Company to achieve our average target margin of 55-65 
across our four key product categories. 

As
of our year end March 31, 2023, the Company has completed a number of the essential functions outlined above. Our first collection, which
will launch in conjunction with the brand and ecommerce site mid 2023, has been designed and technical illustrations have been completed.
Out technical packages, which includes the technical sketches and all specifications on measurements, construction, trim and fabric Bill
of Materials, and all additional information the manufacturing company will need, have been completed by an outsourced Technical Designer.
A significant amount of focus went into the sourcing of collection trims and fabric, as well as brand packaging and labeling. The Company
believes in sourcing based on quality, not ease, in order to develop superior product. Thus, all items are sourced from various countries
and factories depending on capabilities, skills, and technologies. For our first collection, majority of items have been sourced from
specialized, established suppliers in Italy, France, and Spain. The marketing mix is of large focus for the Company, as we understand
the importance of marketing within the luxury market and its role in building brand recognition and credibility. For this reason, we
have decided to utilize a third-party, bespoke marketing agency based out of London, England. Completed initial marketing projects include;
the branding package, which includes the primary logo, secondary logo, and submark, in addition to the overall brand, story and packaging
designs; and ecommerce website development, which will remain private until brand launch. The Company is on track with all necessary
functions in order to meet deadlines, targeted timeframe of launch, and ultimately, all established Company goals. 

Initial
distribution will be B2C via our ecommerce website, which will allow us to bypass middlemen and margin loss. Our ecommerce website, as
well as our social media pages, will be prepared by a third-party marketing agency prior to brand launch date. Preparation of these areas
of our marketing mix include, website development and testing, product photography, campaign photography and videography, copywriting,
and SEO management. Additionally, these projects, along with our branding package, will lend themselves to all areas of the marketing
mix once completed. Marketing strategies will commence across all platforms approximately one month before launch date as a tactic to
create excitement around the brand and products. On launch day our ecommerce website will become live for purchasing. 

An
additional focus prior to brand launch will be the design of our second, follow-up collection. Our design team has begun the design process
of this collection and samples have been produced. All steps of the process will be completed in accordance with the fashion calendar
in order to release said collection for October/November of 2023. This is essential to ensure consistent product offering and Company
sales forecast is met. 

Onward,
product launches will continue to be developed and released based on the fashion calendar, with key deliveries falling in January/February,
May/June, and October/November. The Company will consider expanding SKU assortment and product categories based on consumer demand and
feedback. The Company believes that when expanding the product offering, doing so organically is essential to long-term growth and sales
plans. 

Upon
launch of our Summer 2023 collection, we will commence two key growth strategies; building a full-time team of staff and nurturing wholesale
partnerships. We believe organically growing a team of full-time employees is essential in the future success of the business. Employees
will be hired based on their suitability in the role and connection with the brand. We will take our time hiring the right person for
each individual position as it is needed. By having a full-time team, we will gain the contacts, knowhow, manpower, and consistency needed
to operate a successful luxury fashion brand. 

36 

Entering
wholesale distribution opportunities upon brand launch will allow the Company to grow reach within key markets, sales, and brand recognition.
The Company intends on partnering with top luxury retailers across North America and Europe, as well as particular independent retailers
and hotel boutiques. The Company currently maintains relationships with targeted retailers but believes entering wholesale distribution
will have the highest growth potential once the brand is established with sales to show. The partnerships we create will be strategically
chosen based on brand values, style, price point, and expectations. We believe that by progressing into wholesale distribution will allow
us to increase sales by approximately 50 consistently through year one to five. We will continue to maintain and gain said partnerships
until launching the brand mid 2023. 

We
have estimated that we will incur minimum expenses equal to 25,000 in the year following our March 31, 2023, year-end in order to maintain
our business operations. However, if we complete a financing, we will devote the capital raised to operational expenses as indicated
below. The Company will attempt to complete a financing for a minimum of 400,000 within the 12 month period following the Company s
2023 year-end. Any capital raised will be through either a private placement or a convertible debenture and will result in the issuance
of common shares from the Company s authorized capital. 

Working Capital 
 74,000 
 
 Legal/Accounting 
 25,000 
 
 Inventory 
 100,000 
 
 Advertising and Marketing 
 150,000 
 
 General and administrative 
 10,000 
 
 Salaries and Customer Service 
 25,000 
 
 Telephone 
 1,000 
 
 Travel 
 15,000 
 
 Total Expenses 
 400,000 

The
above represents our Managements best estimate of our cash requirements based on our business plans and current market conditions. The
above is based on our ability to raise sufficient financing and generate adequate revenues to meet our cash flow requirements. The actual
allocation between expenses may vary depending on the actual funds raised and the industry and market conditions over the next 18 months
following our March 31, 2023 year-end. 

Results
of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and notes thereto for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, and related management discussion herein. 

Our
financial statements are stated in U.S. Dollars and are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United
States GAAP ). 

Going
Concern 

Several
conditions and events cast substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. As reflected in the accompanying
financial statements, the Company has no revenue generating operations and has an accumulated deficit 390,981 as of March 31, 2023 since
its inception and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place. In addition, the Company
has experienced negative cash flows from operations since inception. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a
going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s ability to raise additional
capital and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common
stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations,
and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The
ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Therefore, our auditors opinion has raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

37 

Management
believes that actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans provide the opportunity for
the Company to continue as a going concern. 

Revenue 

For
the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 we did not have any sales. The Company is in the process of launching a new e-commerce
platform, laurenbentleyswim.com. The Company has been in the process of producing samples for the delivery to factories for production
in order to generate revenues as the Company expands its operations. The Company has recently placed a purchase order with our factory
in Portugal and expects to have the goods received in August 2023. 

Operating
Income (Loss) 

Operating
expenses for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 were 139,443 and 139,873, respectively. This increased loss during the
year ended March 31, 2023 was due primarily to an increase in stock based compensation, and other general and administrative expenses
incurred. 

Net
loss 

We
reported a net loss of 144,371 and 142,423 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. 

During
the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 the Company recorded 15,000 and 30,100 as stock based compensation In addition, professional
fees for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 45,696 compared to 63,103 for the year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease mainly represents
reduced legal expenses related to the Company s filing. The Company expects professional fee costs to increase as the Company may
file a registration statement in the future. Furthermore, the Company is a public reporting company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, which requires that it maintain relationships with both PCAOB registered audit firms and securities counsel to assist with
the SEC reporting requirements. In addition, the Company may also attempt to purchase other entities or assets and operations of other
entities if the advantageous situation presents itself. This could require the Company to incur substantial professional fees. 

The
Company has also reported 34,400 in Office and General Expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to 28,669 for the year
ended March 31, 2022. The increase in Office and General Expenses is primarily attributed to travel expense related to visiting our manufacturer
in Porto, Portugal. 

We
anticipate generating losses and, therefore, may be unable to continue operations in the future. If we require additional capital, we
will have to issue debt or equity or enter into a strategic arrangement with a third party. 

Income
Tax 

During
the period from inception (April 3, 2019) to March 31, 2023, we had no provision for income taxes due to the net operating losses incurred. 

Off
Balance Sheet Financing 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

38 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Period Ended March 31, 2023 
 Year Ended March 31, 2022 
 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 274,097 
 38,696 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 219,310 
 81,699 
 
 Net Increase in Cash 
 (54,787 
 43,003 

Our
cash balance was 2,710 and 57,497 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. We recorded a net loss
of 144,371 and 142,423 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. 

Cash
used in operating activities during the year ended March 31, 2023, was 274,097, which included 141,362 for the production order placed
with the Company s factory in Portugal. 

We
believe we can satisfy our cash requirements for the next 12 months. We anticipate that our fixed costs made up of legal accounting
and general administrative expenses for the next 12 months will total approximately 25,000. Legal and accounting expenses of 20,000
represents the minimum funds needed to sustain operations. The 25,000 will be financed through the Company s cash balance of 2,710,
additional financing, net sales, and if needed, an advance from our directors, Lauren Bentley and Jordan Starkman. Currently there
is no firm loan commitment between the Company and Lauren Bentley and Jordan Starkman in place. We do not anticipate the purchase or
sale of any significant equipment. We also do not expect any significant additions to the number of employees, until financing is raised. The
foregoing represents our best estimate of our cash needs based on our current business condition. The exact allocation, purposes
and timing of any monies raised in subsequent private financings may vary significantly depending upon the exact amount of funds raised
and our progress with the execution of our business plan. It is currently expected that the Company will spend an additional 250,000
in variable costs relating to marketing and business development that will be funded from future financings. 

We
expect our expenses will continue to increase during the foreseeable future as a result of increased operations, the production of our
swimwear, and marketing expenses for our business operations. We anticipate generating revenues once the brand is launched within
the next three months. The success of our operations is dependent on attaining adequate revenue. We cannot assure investors that adequate
revenues will be generated. In the absence of our projected revenues, we may be unable to proceed with our plan of operations. Even
without adequate revenues within the next 12 months, we still anticipate being able to continue with our present activities, but we may
require financing to achieve our profit, revenue, and growth goals. 

In
the event we are not successful in reaching our initial revenue targets, additional funds may be required, and we may not be able to
proceed with our business plan for the development and marketing of our core services. Should this occur, we would likely seek additional
financing to support the continued operation of our business. We anticipate that depending on market conditions and our plan of operations,
we may incur operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. Consequently, we are dependent on the proceeds from future debt or equity investments to sustain our operations
and implement our business plan. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital, we will be required to delay or forego some portion
of our business plan, which would have a material adverse effect on our anticipated results from operations and financial condition. 
There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain necessary amounts of capital or that our estimates of our capital requirements will
prove to be accurate. 

The
Company is currently seeking funding for our continued operations. The Company intends to raise a minimum of 400,000 and
a maximum of 1,000,000 in order to expand the introduction and launch of the www.laurenbentleyswim.com e-commerce site to the
retail community and fashion world. The Company expects to launch the site July 2023. To achieve our goals the Company expects to commit
the majority of its funding to production of the swimwear lines, and to the advertising of the Company s web site. There is no
assurance that the company will be able to raise the capital required to complete its goal and objectives and the Company is currently
seeking capital to further its business plan. Any capital raised will be through either a private placement or a convertible
debenture and will result in the issuance of common shares from the Company s authorized capital. There are no agreements
with any parties at this point in time for additional funding; however, we are in preliminary discussions with various funders in the
US. 

39 

We
presently do not have any significant credit available, bank financing or other external sources of liquidity. Due to our operating
losses, our operations have not been a source of liquidity. We will need to obtain additional capital in order to expand operations
and become profitable. In order to obtain capital, we may need to sell additional shares of our common stock or borrow funds from
private lenders. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional funding. 

To
the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such securities
may result in dilution to existing stockholders. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of debt securities, these securities
may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of common stock and the terms of such debt could impose restrictions on
our operations. Regardless of whether our cash assets prove to be inadequate to meet our operational needs, we may seek to compensate
providers of services by issuance of stock in lieu of cash, which may also result in dilution to existing shareholders. Even if we are
able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect significant amounts
owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. 

No
assurance can be given that sources of financing will be available to us and/or that demand for our equity/debt instruments will be sufficient
to meet our capital needs, or that financing will be available on terms favorable to us. If funding is insufficient at any time in the
future, we may not be able to take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or may be required to reduce
the scope of our planned marketing efforts and development of various swimwear styles, any of which could have a negative impact on our
business and operating results. In addition, insufficient funding may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, which
could require us to: 1) Limit the production of a select swimwear designs, 2) Seek strategic partnerships that may force us to relinquish
control of the Company, or 3) Explore potential mergers or sales of significant assets of our Company. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We
do not expect the adoption of any recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our net results of operations,
financial position, or cash flows. 

Seasonality 

The
swimwear industry in North America is seasonal however, we do not expect our sales to be dramatically impacted by seasonal demands for
our products and services since our market is worldwide. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the
Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Effects
of Inflation 

We
do believe that inflation will have an impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the periods presented. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

40 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Audited
Financial Statements 

LSEB
Creative Corp. 

Years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

41 

LSEB
Creative Corp. 

 Financial
Statements 

 For
the Years ending March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Table
of contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 43 

Balance Sheets 
 44 

Statements of Operations 
 45 

Statements of Stockholders Deficiency 
 46 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 47 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 48
 - 55 

42 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of LSEB
Creative Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of LSEB Creative Corp. the Company as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficiency, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
an accumulated deficit and requires additional financing for operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

July 14, 2023 

43 

LSEB
 Creative Corp. 
 
 BALANCE
 SHEETS 
 
 (Expressed
 in US dollars) 

March 31, 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Advances to suppliers 

Inventory 

Prepayments and Other Receivables [Note 5] 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Equipment, net [Note 6] 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Advances from a related party [Note 7] 

Total current liabilities 

Stockholders deficiency 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, Nil preferred shares outstanding at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Nil ), 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, common shares outstanding as at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022 : [Note 8] 

Additional paid-in capital [Note 8] 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficiency 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficiency 

See
accompanying notes 

Going
concern (Note 3) 

Related
party transactions (Note 7) 

Contingencies
and Commitments (Note 10) 

Subsequent events (Note 12) 

44 

LSEB
 Creative Corp. 
 
 STATEMENTS
 OF OPERATIONS 
 
 (Expressed
 in US dollars) 

For the 
 For the 

year ended 
 year ended 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

EXPENSES 

Advertising promotion 

Consulting Expenses 

Legal Professional Fee 

Office and general 

Depreciation [Note 6] 

Total operating expenses 

Net income/ (loss) from operations 

Exchange Gain/(Loss) 

Net income/(loss) from operations before income taxes 

Income taxes [Note 11] 

Net income/(loss) for the year 

Loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

See
accompanying notes 

45 

LSEB
 Creative Corp. 
 
 STATEMENTS
 OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 
 
 (Expressed
 in US dollars) 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 deficiency 

March 31, 2021 

Stock based Compensation 

Proceeds from shares issued 

Net loss 

March 31, 2022 

Stock based Compensation 

Proceeds from shares issued 

Net loss 

March 31, 2023 

See
accompanying notes 

46 

LSEB
 Creative Corp. 
 
 STATEMENTS
 OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 (Expressed
 in US dollars) 

For the 
 From 

period ended 
 period ended 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss for the year 

Items not affecting cash 

Depreciation 

Stock based compensation 

Change in trust account 

Change in prepaid and sundry 

Change in inventory 

Change in advances to suppliers 

Change in accrued liability 

Change in accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Acquisition of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from Related Parties advances 

Repayments of Related Parties advances 

Issue of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 

Net decrease in cash during the year 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash Paid for Interest 

Cash Paid for Income Taxes 

See
accompanying notes 

47 

LSEB
 Creative Corp. 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 For
 the Years Ending March 31, 2023 and 2022 

(March 31, 2022: ). Cash includes cash on hand and balances with banks. 

(March 31, 2022: 

In
April 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04 to codify the final consensus reached by the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) on how an issuer
should account for modifications made to equity-classified written call options (hereafter referred to as a warrant to purchase the issuer s
common stock). The guidance in the ASU requires the issuer to treat a modification of an equity-classified warrant that does not cause
the warrant to become liability-classified as an exchange of the original warrant for a new warrant. This guidance applies whether the
modification is structured as an amendment to the terms and conditions of the warrant or as termination of the original warrant and issuance
of a new warrant. The Company does not expect that the new guidance will significantly impact its condensed financial statements. 

to its manufacturing partner in Portugal. Once the goods are received by the Company
we will allocate the amount to inventory. 

Addition 

Disposal 

Closing 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Opening 

Depreciation 

Disposal 

Closing 

Net Book Value 

Lauren Bentley 

TOTAL 

The
Company s transactions with related parties were carried out in the course of the Company s business. Other than those disclosed
elsewhere in the financial statements, the related party transactions for the year ending March 31, 2023 were (March 31, 2022:). The related party transactions is attributed to Lauren Bentley s and Jordan Starkman s consulting fees. 

preferred shares with a par value of . 

Common
stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue common shares with a par value of . 

Issued
stock 

Preferred
stock 

As
at March 31, 2023, the company has not issued any preferred stock. 

Common
stock 

As
at March 31, 2023, the company has shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
May 24, 2022, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
July 19, 2022, the Company issued common shares at 0.25 per share for cash payment of . 

On
November 15, 2022, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share. The company received . The remaining is
receivable as shown under Stock subscription receivable . The remaining amount of 2,584 was received by the Company on
January 3, 2023. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company issued common shares for consulting services at 0.10 per share. The Company recognized the total
amount of as Consulting expense in Statement of Operations. 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
January 12, 2023, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

53 

LSEB
 Creative Corp. 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 For
 the Years Ending March 31, 2023 and 2022 

54 

LSEB
 Creative Corp. 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 
 For
 the Years Ending March 31, 2023 and 2022 

for the years ended March 31, 2023 (since inception to March 31, 2022: as follows: 

Schedule
of Provision of Income Tax 

For the 
 From 

year ended 
 year ended 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

Loss before income tax 

Expected Income tax recovery 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net Tax Income 
 - 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Asset 
 - 
 - 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company determined that a valuation allowance relating to above deferred tax asset of the Company was necessary.
This determination was based largely on the negative evidence represented by the losses incurred in the previous years. The Company decided
not to recognize any deferred tax asset, as it is unlikely to be realized. Therefore, a valuation allowance of for the year ended
March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: was recorded to offset deferred tax assets. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company has approximately (March 31, 2022: of non-capital losses available to offset future
taxable income. Based on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, federal net operating losses carryforward from 2019 are subject to an 80 limitation
on taxable income, do not expire and could be carried indefinitely. 

common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
April 22, 2023, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
June 22, 2023, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
June 22, 2023, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
June 26, 2023, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
June 27, 2023, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

On
June 28, 2023, the Company issued common shares at 0.10 per share for cash payment of . 

55 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission defines the term disclosure controls and procedures to mean the company s controls
and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files
or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the
reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company maintains such a simple system of controls and procedures in an effort to
ensure that all information which it is required to disclose in the reports it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the SEC s rules and forms and that information required
to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to principal executive and principal financial officers to allow timely decisions regarding
disclosure. 

As
of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the objectives of timely alerting them to material information
required to be included in our periodic SEC reports and of ensuring that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
with the time periods specified. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer also concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance of the achievement
of these objectives. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
of and its consolidated subsidiaries is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

56 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 based on the framework
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31,
2023 was not effective. 

A
material weakness, as defined in the standards established by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The
ineffectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which are
indicative of many small companies with small number of staff: 

inadequate
 segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; 

lack
 of independent Board of Directors and absence of Audit Committee to exercise oversight responsibility related to financial reporting
 and internal control; 

lack
 of risk assessment procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks in a timely manner; and 

lack
 of documentation on policies and procedures that are critical to the accomplishment of financial reporting objectives. 

Management
continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such
that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. 

The
remediation actions planned include: 

identify
 gaps in our skills base and the expertise of our staff required to meet the financial reporting requirements of a public company; 

continue
 to obtain sufficient resources to achieve adequate segregation of duties; and 

continue
 to develop policies and procedures on internal control over financial reporting and monitor the effectiveness of operations on existing
 controls and procedures. 

Our
management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach and the effectiveness of our internal controls
and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements
or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only Management s report in this annual report, which may increase
the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. 

57 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required
by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2023, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set
forth below are the names, ages and positions of our current directors and executive officers. Unless otherwise indicated, the address
of each person listed is c/o LSEB Creative Corp. 30 N. Gould St. #4000, Sheridan, WY 82801 In addition, set forth below is a brief description
of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors for the past five years. 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Lauren
 Bentley 
 
 26 
 
 CEO
 and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Jordan
 Starkman 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 

Lauren
Bentley, President and Director Lauren Bentley is currently President and is the founder of LSEB Creative Corp. 
Prior to LSEB, Lauren Bentley graduated from post-secondary school with an Advanced Diploma in Fashion Business Management, she quickly
climbed the ladder of her career through hands-on experience, finding employment of various capacities in the fashion industry. Her industry
experience includes sales, design, sourcing, distribution, and finance. She leads our design team and plays a central role in corporate
strategy and promoting our distinctive corporate culture. 

Jordan
Starkman, CFO and Director Jordan Starkman is currently the CFO and a director of LSEB Creative Corp. Jordan brings
over thirty years of experience in sales, financial consulting, and investor and client relations to the LSEB team. Jordan has an extensive
background in finance and business development, and he has worked as an independent consultant for various publicly traded companies
responsible for initiating new business and developing long-term relationships with customers. Jordan holds a BA in Statistics from the
University of Western Ontario. In addition, Mr. Starkman is the President of Rimrock Gold Corp., a publicly company trading on OTC Markets
in the CBD business. Furthermore, Mr. Starkman was President of Health Advance Inc from April 2010 November 2017, and Pacific
Green Technologies from October 2008 to November 2016. Mr. Starkman is also employed by TerraPave Construction Corp from June 2012-present. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and holds office until removed by the
board. 

Board
Composition 

Our
By-Laws provide that the Board of Directors which shall constitute the whole board shall not be less than one (1) nor more than seven
(7) or such other maximum number of directors. The maximum or minimum number of directors cannot be changed, nor can a fixed number be
substituted for the maximum and minimum numbers, except by a duly adopted amendment to the articles of incorporation or by an amendment
to this bylaw. 

58 

No
Committees of the Board of Directors; No Financial Expert 

We
do not presently have a separately constituted audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or
any other committees of our Board of Directors. Nor do we have an audit committee or financial expert. Management has decided not to
establish an audit committee at present because our limited resources and limited operating activities do not warrant the formation of
an audit committee or the expense of doing so. As such, our entire Board of Directors acts as our audit committee. We do not have a financial
expert serving on the Board of Directors or employed as an officer based on management s belief that the cost of obtaining the
services of a person who meets the criteria for a financial expert under Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 407(d)
of Regulation S-K is beyond our limited financial resources and the financial skills of such an expert are simply not required or necessary
for us to maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting in light of the limited scope and simplicity of
accounting issues raised in our financial statements at this stage of our development. 

We
have not formed a Compensation Committee or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this Annual Report. 

Certain
Legal Proceedings 

None
of our officers or directors has filed a personal bankruptcy petition, had a bankruptcy petition filed against any business of which
they were a general partner or officer at the time of bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time, or has been convicted of or
been the subject of any criminal proceedings or the subject of any order, judgment or decree involving the violation of any state or
federal securities laws within the past ten (10) years. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) Of the Exchange Act 

We
have filed a Form 8-A registration statement under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Section 16(a) of that
act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity
securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership
and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common shares and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive
officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us
with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. 

Potential
Conflicts of Interest 

Since
we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by
such committees are performed by our directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have
the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not
aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executives or directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
intend to adopt a code of ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer and
principal accounting officer, but have not done so to date due to our relatively small size. We intend to adopt a written code of ethics
in the near future. 

59 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
of Executive Officers and Directors 

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid
by us during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 in all capacities for the accounts of our executives, including the Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO): 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name 
 and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock 
 Awards (1) 

Option 
 Awards 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 

Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 

Totals 

Lauren
 Bentley 
 President and Director 
 
 2022 

20,000 

0 

(1) 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2023 

20,000 

0 

(1) 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Jordan
 Starkman, Director 
 
 2022 

0 

0 

(2) 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2023 

13,126 

0 

(2) 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Option
Grants Table . There were no individual grants of stock options to purchase our common stock made to the executive officer
named in the Summary Compensation Table through March 31, 2023. 

Aggregated
Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table . There were no stock options exercised during period ending March
31, 2023 by our executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plan LTIP Awards Table . 

There
were no awards made to our executive officers in the last completed fiscal year. 

Compensation
of Directors 

Our
Directors are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for her services as a director. The Board of Directors has the authority
to fix the compensation of directors. All directors will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with attending board of director and committee meetings. No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to the directors in such capacity. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
do not have any employment agreements in place with our officers and directors. 

Summary
Compensation 

Ms.
Bentley, our CEO and director received a salary of 20,000 for her services to the Company during the period ended March 31, 2023 She
currently does not have an employment agreement in place. Ms. Bentley currently receives 2,000 a month consulting fees for her services.
She was issued 5,600,000 founders shares at inception. Mr. Starkman received 13,126 as consulting fees for the period ended March 31,
2023. In addition, he received 2,500,000 founder shares at inception. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

Our
directors and officers do not have unexercised options, stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards. 

60 

Compensation
of Directors 

Ms.
Bentley receives compensation as indicated above, and Mr. Starkman does not receive compensation for his services as director and CFO. 

Employment
Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements 

There
are no formal employment contracts, or other contracts with our officers or directors. The Company issued 8,100,000 shares of common
stock to the officers and directors of the Company for services rendered. There are no compensation plans or arrangements, including
payments to be made by us, with respect to our officers, directors or consultants that would result from the resignation, retirement
or any other termination of such directors, officers or consultants from us. There are no arrangements for directors, officers, employees
or consultants that would result from a change-in-control. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table lists, as of March 31, 2023, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each
person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and
director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock
by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under
the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if
that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which
includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of
which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more
than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of
securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and
investment power. 

The
percentages below are calculated based on 13,569,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. As of March
31, 2023, we did not have any outstanding options, warrants exercisable for, or other securities convertible into shares of our common
stock. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each officer and director listed below is c/o LSEB Creative Corp., 30 N. Gould St.
#4000, Sheridan, WY 82801. 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Name
and Address 
 of
Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount
and Nature 
 of
Beneficial Owner 

Percent 
 of
Class (1) 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Lauren
 Bentley (2) 

5,600,000 
 (2) 

41.27 

30
 N. Gould St #4000, Sheridan, WY 82801 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Jordan
 Starkman (3) 

2,500,000 
 (3) 

18.42 

30
 N Gould St #4000, Sheridan, WY 82801 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Faiyaz
 Bux (1) 

910,000 
 (1) 

6.71 

22
 Oakworth Dr, Bolton, England, BL17BB 

Common
 Stock 
 
 George
 Gallo (1) 

845,000 
 (1) 

6.23 

12
 Cadetta Rd #1, Brampton, Ontario, L4P0X4 

Common
 Stock 
 
 All
 executive officers and directors as a group 

8,100,000 

59.69 

(1) 
 The
 percent of class is based on 13,569,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

(2) 
 Lauren
 Bentley is the Company s President and is a director of the Company. Lauren Bentley received 5,600,000 shares of common stock
 for services rendered. 

(3) 
 Jordan
 Starkman is the Company s CFO and is a director of the Company. Jordan Starkman received 2,500,000 shares of common stock for
 services rendered. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

61 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

During
the period from April 3, 2019 (inception) to March 31, 2023 the Company received advances from its officer to pay for operating
expenses. The balance due to the officers at March 31, 2023 totaled 56,767 and 1,517 as of March 31, 2022. There are no definitive
repayment terms and no interest is accruing on these advances. 

The
Company also issued 8,100,000 shares to its officers for services. In April 2019, we issued 5,600,000 founder shares of common
stock to Lauren Bentley pursuant to the exemption from registration set forth in section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. The total
purchase price of the Shares was 560. In April 2019, Jordan Starkman was appointed as a director and CFO of the Company, and was issued
2,500,000 shares for his services at a value of 250 pursuant to the exemption from registration set forth in section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933. 

The
Company has an office in Toronto, Canada. The premises is leased by Jordan Starkman and as of January 1, 2022 LSEB Creative
entered into a lease agreement with Mr. Starkman for payment of 800 1,000 CDN) per month for the use of the space. The lease
includes all utilities and internet. The current term of the lease is 9 months with an option to renew. The Company executed a Lease
Extension Agreement for an additional 12 month period starting September 1, 2022 and ending August 31, 2023 for 800 1,000 CDN) per
month. 

Director
Independence 

We
are not required to have a majority of independent directors on our Board of Directors. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship,
which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants for the years indicated, for the categories of services
indicated. 

Years Ended March 31, 
 
 Category 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 12,000 
 7,000 
 
 Audit Subsequent Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 12,000 
 7,000 

Audit
Fees 

For
the Company s fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we were billed approximately 12,000 (2022 7,000) for professional services
rendered for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

62 

Tax
Fees 

For
the Company s fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we were not billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance,
tax advice, or tax planning. 

All
Other Fees 

The
Company did not incur any other fees for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND SIGNATURES 

EXHIBITS 

a)
Documents filed as part of this Annual Report 

1.
Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

3.
Exhibits 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded
 within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

63 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LSEB
 Creative Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Lauren
 Bentley 

Lauren
 Bentley 

President,
 Director, Principal Executive Officer, 

By: 
 /s/ Jordan
 Starkman 

Jordan
Starkman 
 Director,
Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 Dated: July
14, 2023. 

64 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lseb-ex31_1.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/ 15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Lauren Bentley, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LSEB Creative Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lauren
 Bentley 

Lauren
 Bentley 
 President,
 Director, 
 Principal
Executive Officer, 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lseb-ex31_2.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/ 15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jordan Starkman, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LSEB Creative Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jordan
 Starkman 

Jordan
 Starkman 

Director,
Chief Financial Officer, 
Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lseb-ex32_1.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of LSEB Creative Corp. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Lauren Bentley, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 July 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lauren
 Bentley 

Lauren
 Bentley 

President,
 Director, 
 Principal
Executive Officer, 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 lseb-ex32_2.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of LSEB Creative Corp.. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jordan Starkman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 July 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jordan
 Starkman 

Jordan
 Starkman 

Director,
Chief Financial Officer, 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 lseb-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 lseb-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 lseb-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 lseb-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

