<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230927_10-K_edgar_data_1610940_0001213900-23-079811.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6651975</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>186154</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2718425</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1233684</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1223281</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1176115</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-079811.hdr.sgml : 20230927
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230927115935
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-079811
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230927
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230927

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001610940
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36851
		FILM NUMBER:		231283485

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 MAPLE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2
		CITY:			SUMMIT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-897-0513

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 MAPLE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2
		CITY:			SUMMIT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-079811.txt : 20230927

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_etfmanag1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the transition period from
 
to . 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

- 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name Of Each Exchange On Which Registered 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected to not use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial reporting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2022 was: . (BDRY) 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2022 was: N/A. (BWET) 

The registrant had outstanding shares as of September
1, 2023. (BDRY) 

The registrant had outstanding
shares as of September 1, 2023. (BWET) 

Auditor Name: Auditor Location: Auditor Firm ID: 

ETF
Managers Group Commodity Trust I 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I. 

Item 1. Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 17 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 17 

Item 2. Properties. 
 17 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 17 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 17 

Part II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 18 

Item 6. Reserved. 
 19 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 19 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 32 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 33 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 59 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 59 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 59 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 59 

Part III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 60 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 61 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 62 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 62 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 62 

Part IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 63 

Exhibit Index. 
 63 

Signatures. 
 65 

i 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 

The Trust and the Funds 

ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I (the Trust was organized as a Delaware statutory trust on July 23, 2014. The Trust is a series trust formed pursuant to the Delaware Statutory Trust
Act and currently includes two separate series: (i) Breakwave Dry Bulk Shipping ETF BDRY ), which is a commodity pool that
continuously issues shares of beneficial interest that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca, Inc. stock exchange NYSE Arca ),
and (ii) Breakwave Tanker Shipping ETF BWET, and together with BDRY, each, a Fund and collectively, the Funds ),
which is also a commodity pool that continuously issues shares of beneficial interest that may be purchased and sold on NYSE Arca. 

BDRY commenced investment operations on March
22, 2018. BDRY commenced trading on NYSE Arca on March 22, 2018 and trades under the symbol BDRY. BWET commenced investment
operations on May 3, 2023. BWET commenced trading on the NYSE Arca on May 3, 2023 and trades under the symbol BWET. 

The principal office of the Trust and the Funds
is located at 30 Maple Street, Suite 2, Summit, NJ 07901. The telephone number is (844) 383-6477. 

The Sponsor 

The Funds are each managed and controlled by ETF
Managers Capital LLC (the Sponsor ), a single member limited liability company that was formed in the state of Delaware on
June 12, 2014. Each Fund pays the Sponsor a management fee. The Sponsor maintains its main business office at 30 Maple Street, Suite 2,
Summit, NJ 07901. The Sponsor s telephone number is (844) 383-6477. 

The Funds are each a commodity pool 
as defined by the Commodity Exchange Act CEA ). Consequently, the Sponsor has registered as a commodity pool operator CPO with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and is a member of the National Futures Association NFA ). 

The Sponsor is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exchange
Traded Managers Group LLC ETFMG ), a limited liability company domiciled and headquartered in New Jersey. 

Breakwave Dry Bulk Shipping ETF 

BDRY Investment Objective 

BDRY s investment objective is to provide
investors with exposure to the daily change in the price of dry bulk freight futures by tracking the performance of a portfolio (the BDRY
Benchmark Portfolio consisting of exchange-cleared futures contracts on the cost of shipping dry bulk freight Dry Freight
Futures ). BDRY seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing substantially all of its assets in the Dry Freight Futures
currently constituting the BDRY Benchmark Portfolio. 

The BDRY Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by
Breakwave Advisors LLC Breakwave ), which also serves as BDRY s Commodity Trading Advisor CTA ). The
BDRY Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by Breakwave and will be rebalanced annually. 

BDRY Commodity Trading Advisor 

Breakwave serves as BDRY s CTA. Breakwave
is a Delaware limited liability company. 

Breakwave is registered as a CTA with the CFTC
and is a member of the NFA. 

Breakwave provides its services to BDRY under
a Services Agreement with the Sponsor. Under this agreement, Breakwave has agreed to compose and maintain the BDRY Benchmark Portfolio
and license to the Sponsor the use of the BDRY Benchmark Portfolio. 

1 

BDRY Investing Strategy 

BDRY seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing substantially all of its assets in the Dry Freight Futures currently constituting the BDRY Benchmark Portfolio. The BDRY
Benchmark Portfolio will include all existing positions to maturity and settle them in cash. During any given calendar quarter, the BDRY
Benchmark Portfolio will progressively increase its position to the next calendar quarter three-month strip, thus maintaining constant
exposure to the Dry Freight Futures market as positions mature. 

The BDRY Benchmark Portfolio will maintain long-only
positions in Dry Freight Futures. The BDRY Benchmark Portfolio will include a combination of Capesize, Panamax and Supramax Dry Freight
Futures. More specifically, the BDRY Benchmark Portfolio will include 50 exposure in Capesize Dry Freight Futures contracts, 40 exposure
in Panamax Dry Freight Futures contracts and 10 exposure in Supramax Dry Freight Futures contracts. The BDRY Benchmark Portfolio will
not include and BDRY will not invest in swaps, non-cleared dry bulk freight forwards or other over-the-counter derivative instruments
that are not cleared through exchanges or clearing houses. BDRY may hold exchange-traded options on Dry Freight Futures. The BDRY Benchmark
Portfolio is maintained by Breakwave and will be rebalanced annually. The Dry Freight Futures currently constituting the BDRY Benchmark
Portfolio, as well as the daily holdings of BDRY will be available on BDRY s website at www.drybulketf.com. 

When establishing positions in Dry Freight Futures,
BDRY will be required to deposit initial margin with a value of approximately 10 to 40 of the notional value of each Dry Freight Futures
position at the time it is established. These margin requirements are established and subject to change from time to time by the relevant
exchanges, clearing houses or BDRY s futures commission merchant FCM ). On a daily basis, BDRY will be obligated to
pay, or entitled to receive, variation margin in an amount equal to the change in the daily settlement level of its Dry Freight Futures
positions. Any assets not required to be posted as margin with BDRY s FCM will generally be held at BDRY s custodian in cash
or cash equivalents, as discussed below. 

BDRY will hold cash or cash equivalents such as
U.S. Treasuries or other high credit quality, short-term fixed-income or similar securities for direct investment and for other liquidity
purposes and to meet redemptions that may be necessary on an ongoing basis. BDRY may also realize interest income from its holdings in
U.S. Treasuries or other market rate instruments. 

BDRY Benchmark Portfolio 

The BDRY Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by
Breakwave, which also serves as BDRY s CTA. The BDRY Benchmark Portfolio consists of the Dry Freight Futures, which are a three-month
strip of the nearest calendar quarter of futures contracts on specified indexes (each a Reference Index that measure rates
for shipping dry bulk freight. Each Reference Index is published each United Kingdom business day by the London-based Baltic Exchange
Ltd. (the Baltic Exchange and measures the charter rate for shipping dry bulk freight in a specific size category of cargo
ship - Capesize, Panamax or Supramax. The three Reference Indexes are as follows: 

Capesize : the Capesize 5TC Index; 

Panamax : the Panamax
4TC Index; and 

Supramax : the Supramax
10TC Index. 

The Dry Freight Futures currently constituting
the BDRY Benchmark Portfolio as of June 30, 2023 include: 

Name 
 Ticker 
 Market Value USD 
 
 BALTIC CAPESIZE TIME CHARTER - JUL 23 
 BFFATC N23 Index 
 9,552,340 
 
 BALTIC CAPESIZE TIME CHARTER - AUG 23 
 BFFATC Q23 Index 
 10,172,340 
 
 BALTIC CAPESIZE TIME CHARTER - SEP 23 
 BFFATC U23 Index 
 10,781,180 
 
 BALTIC EXCHANGE PANAMAX T/C AVERAGE SHIPPING ROUTE INDEX - JUL 23 
 BFFAP N23 Index 
 7,122,330 
 
 BALTIC EXCHANGE PANAMAX T/C AVERAGE SHIPPING ROUTE INDEX - AUG 23 
 BFFAP Q23 Index 
 8,311,410 
 
 BALTIC EXCHANGE PANAMAX T/C AVERAGE SHIPPING ROUTE INDEX - SEP 23 
 BFFAP U23 Index 
 9,218,610 
 
 BALTIC EXCHANGE SUPRAMAX T/C AVERAGE SHIPPING ROUTE INDEX - JUL 23 
 S58FM N23 Index 
 1,752,750 
 
 BALTIC EXCHANGE SUPRAMAX T/C AVERAGE SHIPPING ROUTE INDEX - AUG 23 
 S58FM Q23 Index 
 1,938,000 
 
 BALTIC EXCHANGE SUPRAMAX T/C AVERAGE SHIPPING ROUTE INDEX - SEP 23 
 S58FM U23 Index 
 2,120,000 

2 

The value of the Capesize 5TC Index is disseminated
at 11:00 a.m., London Time and the value of the Panamax 4TC Index and the Supramax 10TC Index are each disseminated at 1:00 p.m., London
Time. The Reference Index information disseminated by the Baltic Exchange also includes the components and value of each component in
each Reference Index. Such Reference Index information also is widely disseminated by Reuters and/or other major market data vendors. 

Breakwave Tanker Shipping ETF 

BWET Investment Objective 

BWET s investment objective is to provide
investors with exposure to the daily change in the price of crude oil tanker freight futures by tracking the performance of a portfolio
(the BWET Benchmark Portfolio and, collectively with the BDRY Benchmark Portfolio, the Benchmark Portfolios consisting of exchange-cleared futures contracts on the cost of shipping crude oil Oil Freight Futures and, collectively
with Dry Freight Futures, the Freight Futures ). BWET seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing substantially
all of its assets in the Oil Freight Futures currently constituting the BWET Benchmark Portfolio. 

The BWET Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by
Breakwave, which also serves as BWET s CTA. The BWET Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by Breakwave and will be rebalanced annually. 

BWET Commodity Trading Advisor 

Breakwave serves as BWET s CTA. Breakwave
is a Delaware limited liability company. 

Breakwave is registered as a CTA with the CFTC
and is a member of the NFA. 

Breakwave provides its services to BWET under
a Services Agreement with the Sponsor. Under this agreement, Breakwave has agreed to compose and maintain the BWET Benchmark Portfolio
and license to the Sponsor the use of the BWET Benchmark Portfolio. 

BWET Investing Strategy 

BWET seeks to achieve its investment objective
by investing substantially all of its assets in the Oil Freight Futures currently constituting the BWET Benchmark Portfolio. The BWET
Benchmark Portfolio will include all existing positions to maturity and settle them in cash. During any given calendar quarter, the BWET
Benchmark Portfolio will progressively increase its position to the next calendar quarter three-month strip, thus maintaining constant
exposure to the Oil Freight Futures market as positions mature. 

The BWET Benchmark Portfolio will maintain long-only
positions in Oil Freight Futures. The BWET Benchmark Portfolio will include a combination of TD3C and TD20 Oil Freight Futures. More specifically,
the BWET Benchmark Portfolio will include 90 exposure in TD3C Oil Freight Futures contracts and 10 exposure in TD20 Oil Freight Futures
contracts. The BWET Benchmark Portfolio will not include and BWET will not invest in swaps, non-cleared crude oil freight forwards or
other over-the-counter derivative instruments that are not cleared through exchanges or clearing houses. BWET may hold exchange-traded
options on Oil Freight Futures. The BWET Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by Breakwave and will be rebalanced annually. The Oil Freight
Futures currently constituting the BWET Benchmark Portfolio, as well as the daily holdings of BWET will be available on BWETS s
website at www.tankeretf.com. 

3 

When establishing positions in Oil Freight Futures,
BWET will be required to deposit initial margin with a value of approximately 10 to 40 of the notional value of each Oil Freight Futures
position at the time it is established. These margin requirements are established and subject to change from time to time by the relevant
exchanges, clearing houses or BWET s futures commission merchant FCM ). On a daily basis, BWET will be obligated to
pay, or entitled to receive, variation margin in an amount equal to the change in the daily settlement level of its Oil Freight Futures
positions. Any assets not required to be posted as margin with BWET s FCM will generally be held at BWET s custodian in cash
or cash equivalents, as discussed below. 

BWET will hold cash or cash equivalents such as
U.S. Treasuries or other high credit quality, short-term fixed-income or similar securities for direct investment and for other liquidity
purposes and to meet redemptions that may be necessary on an ongoing basis. BWET may also realize interest income from its holdings in
U.S. Treasuries or other market rate instruments. 

BWET Benchmark Portfolio 

The BWET Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by
Breakwave, which also serves as BWET s CTA. The BWET Benchmark Portfolio consists of the Oil Freight Futures, which are a three-month
strip of the nearest calendar quarter of futures contracts on specified indexes (each a Reference Index that measure rates
for shipping crude oil. Each Reference Index is published each United Kingdom business day by the Baltic Exchange and measures the charter
rate for shipping crude oil in a specific size category of cargo ship and for a specific route TD3C or TD20. The two Reference
Indexes are as follows: 

TD3C : the TD3C Index;
and 

TD20 : the TD20 Index. 

The Oil Freight Futures currently constituting
the BWET Benchmark Portfolio as of June 30, 2023 include: 

Name 
 Ticker 
 Market Value USD 
 
 BALTIC TD3C TIME CHARTER - JUL 23 
 BFFA3D N23 Index 
 1,296,000 
 
 BALTIC TD3C TIME CHARTER - AUG 23 
 BFFA3D Q23 Index 
 1,229,400 
 
 BALTIC TD3C TIME CHARTER - SEP 23 
 BFFA3D U23 Index 
 1,234,800 
 
 BALTIC TD20 TIME CHARTER - JUL 23 
 BFFD20 N23 Index 
 95,450 
 
 BALTIC TD20 TIME CHARTER - AUG 23 
 BFFD20 Q23 Index 
 179,400 
 
 BALTIC TD20 TIME CHARTER - SEP 23 
 BFFD20 U23 Index 
 89,150 

The value of the TD3C Index and the TD20 Index
is disseminated daily at 4:00 p.m. London Time by the Baltic Exchange The Reference Index information disseminated by the Baltic Exchange
also includes the components and value of each component in each Reference Index. Such Reference Index information also is widely disseminated
by Reuters and/or other major market data vendors. 

Fund Trading Policies 

Liquidity 

Each Fund invests principally in exchange
cleared futures that, in the opinion of the Sponsor, are traded in sufficient volume to permit the ready taking of orders in these
financial instruments. 

4 

Leverage 

The Sponsor endeavors to have the value of each
Fund s Treasury Securities, cash and cash equivalents, whether held by the Fund or posted as margin or collateral, at all times
approximate the aggregate market value of its obligations under the Fund s Freight Futures interests, adjusted for the proportion
of the current month s Freight Futures contracts whose value has already been assessed. 

Borrowings 

Each Fund does not intend to, or foresees the
need to, borrow money or establish lines of credit. 

Pyramiding 

Each Fund does not and will not employ the technique,
commonly known as pyramiding, in which the speculator uses unrealized profits on existing positions as variation margin for the purchase
of additional positions in the same commodity interest. 

No Distributions 

The Sponsor has discretionary authority over all
distributions made by the Funds. In view of each Fund s objective of seeking significant capital appreciation, the Sponsor currently
does not intend to cause a Fund to make any distributions, but, has the sole discretion to do so from time to time. 

Margin Requirements and Marking-to-Market Futures Positions 

Initial margin is an amount of funds
that must be deposited by a commodity trader with the trader s broker to initiate an open position in futures contracts. A margin
deposit is like a cash performance bond. It helps assure the trader s performance of the futures contracts that he or she purchases
or sells. Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a small percentage of the aggregate purchase
or sales price of the contract. The amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set by the exchange
on which the contract is traded. Brokerage firms, such as the Funds clearing broker, carrying accounts for traders in commodity
interest contracts may require higher amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect themselves. 

Futures contracts are marked to market at the
end of each trading day and the margin required with respect to such contracts is adjusted accordingly. This process of marking-to-market
is designed to prevent losses from accumulating in any futures account. Therefore, if a Fund s futures positions have declined in
value, the Fund may be required to post variation margin to cover this decline. Alternatively, if a Fund s futures
positions have increased in value, this increase will be credited to the Fund s account. 

Futures Contracts 

The Funds enter into futures contracts to gain
exposure to changes in the value of the Benchmark Portfolios. A futures contract obligates the seller to deliver (and the purchaser to
accept) the future cash settlement of a specified quantity and type of a treasury futures contract at a specified time and place. The
contractual obligations of a buyer or seller of a treasury futures contract may generally be satisfied by making an offsetting sale or
purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated date of delivery. 

Upon entering into a futures contract, the
Funds are each required to deposit and maintain as collateral at least such initial margin as required by the exchange on which the
transaction is affected. The initial margin is segregated as cash held by broker, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Assets
and Liabilities, and is restricted as to its use. Pursuant to the futures contract, the Funds each agree to receive from or pay to
the broker an amount of cash equal to the daily fluctuation in value of the futures contract. Such receipts or payments are known as
variation margin and are recorded by the Funds as unrealized gains or losses. The Funds will realize a gain or loss upon closing a
futures transaction. 

Futures contracts involve, to varying degrees,
elements of market risk (specifically treasury price risk) and exposure to loss in excess of the amount of variation margin. The face
or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure the Funds have in the particular classes of instruments. Additional risks
associated with the use of futures contracts include imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the futures contracts and
the market value of the underlying securities and the possibility of an illiquid market for a futures contract. With futures contracts,
there is minimal counterparty risk to the Funds since futures contracts are exchange-traded and the exchange s clearinghouse, as
counterparty to all exchange-traded futures contracts, guarantees the futures contracts against default. 

5 

The Funds Service Providers 

Administrator, Custodian, Fund Accountant, and Transfer Agent 

The Funds have each appointed U.S. Bank, a national
banking association, with its principal office in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the custodian (the Custodian ). Its affiliate,
U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, is the Fund accountant (the Fund Accountant of the Funds, transfer agent (the Transfer
Agent for the Funds shares and administrator for the Funds (the Administrator ). It performs certain administrative
and accounting services for the Funds and prepares certain SEC, NFA and CFTC reports on behalf of the Funds. (U.S. Bank and U.S. Bancorp
Fund Services are referred to collectively hereinafter as U.S. Bank ). 

Distributor 

ETFMG Financial LLC ETFMG Financial ),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of ETFMG, provided statutory and wholesaling distribution services to each Fund since it commenced trading on
the NYSE Arca through August 14, 2023. Each Fund paid ETFMG Financial an annual fee for statutory and wholesaling distribution services
and related administrative services equal to the greater of 15,000 or 0.02 of the Fund s average daily net assets, payable monthly.
Pursuant to the Marketing Agent Agreement between the Sponsor, each Fund and ETFMG Financial, ETFMG Financial assisted the Sponsor and
the applicable Fund with certain functions and duties relating to distribution and marketing services to the applicable Fund, including
reviewing and approving marketing materials and certain regulatory compliance matters. ETFMG Financial also assisted with the processing
of creation and redemption orders. 

Effective August 14, 2023, the Sponsor
entered into a Marketing Agent Agreement (the Marketing Agent Agreement on behalf of the Trust and the Funds with
Foreside Fund Services, LLC Foreside ), pursuant to which Foreside provides certain marketing services to the Funds.
Each Fund pays an annual fee for such distribution services and related administrative services equal to approximately
0.00006 of the Fund s average daily net assets, with a minimum of approximately 7,150 payable annually. Pursuant to
the Marketing Agent Agreement between the Sponsor, the Funds and Foreside, Foreside assists the Sponsor and the Funds with certain
functions and duties relating to distribution and marketing services to the Funds, including reviewing and approving marketing
materials and certain regulatory compliance matters. Foreside also assists with the processing of creation and redemption orders.
Foreside s principal business address is Three Canal Plaza, Suite 100, Portland, ME 04101. Foreside is a broker-dealer
registered with FINRA. 

Trustee 

Under the respective Amended and Restated Declaration
of Trust and Trust Agreement (each, a Trust Agreement for each Fund, Wilmington Trust Company, the Trustee of each of the
Funds (the Trustee serves as the sole trustee of each Fund in the State of Delaware. The Trustee will accept service of
legal process on the Funds in the State of Delaware and will make certain filings under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. Under the Trust
Agreement for each Fund, the Sponsor has the exclusive management and control of all aspects of the business of the Funds. The Trustee
does not owe any other duties to the Funds, the Sponsor or the Shareholders of the Fund. The Trustee has no duty or liability to supervise
or monitor the performance of the Sponsor, nor does the Trustee have any liability for the acts or omissions of the Sponsor. 

Futures Commission Merchant 

Marex Financial Marex ), registered
in England, serves as the Funds clearing broker (the Commodity Broker ). In its capacity as clearing broker, the Commodity
Broker executes and clears the Funds futures transactions and performs certain administrative services for the Funds. ED F
Man Capital Markets Limited served as BDRY s clearing broker from June 3, 2022 until being acquired by Marex on October 3, 2023.
Marex is exempt, pursuant to CFTC Regulation 30.10, from registration with the CFTC as a futures commission merchant. The Funds pay Marex
commissions for executing and clearing trades on their behalf. 

6 

There have been no material administrative, civil
or criminal actions brought, pending or concluded against Marex or its principals in the past five years. 

Marex is not affiliated with the Funds or the
Sponsor. Therefore, the Sponsor and the Funds do not believe that the Funds have any conflicts of interest with Marex or its trading principals
arising from their acting as the Funds FCM. 

Legal Counsel 

Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP serves as legal counsel to the Trust
and the Funds. 

Fees of the Funds 

Management and CTA Fees 

BDRY and BWET each pay the Sponsor a management
fee (the Sponsor Fee in consideration of the Sponsor s advisory services to the Funds. Additionally, BDRY and BWET
each pay Breakwave a license and service fee (the CTA Fee ). 

BDRY pays the Sponsor Fee, monthly in arrears,
in an amount equal to the greater of 0.15 per year of BDRY s average daily net assets, or 125,000. BDRY s Sponsor Fee is
paid in consideration of the Sponsor s management services to BDRY. BDRY also pays Breakwave the CTA Fee monthly in arrears, for
the use of BDRY s Benchmark Portfolio in an amount equal to 1.45 per annum of BDRY s average daily net assets. 

Breakwave has agreed to waive its CTA Fee and
the Sponsor has agreed to correspondingly assume the remaining expenses of BDRY so that BDRY s expenses do not exceed an annual
rate of 3.50 , excluding brokerage commissions, interest expense, and extraordinary expenses, of the value of BDRY s average daily
net assets (the BDRY Expense Cap ). The assumption of expenses and waiver of BDRY s CTA Fee are contractual on the
part of the Sponsor and Breakwave, respectively, through March 31, 2025. If after that date, the Sponsor and/or Breakwave no longer assumed
expenses or waived the CTA Fee, respectively, BDRY could be adversely impacted, including in its ability to achieve its investment objective. 

The assumption of expenses by the Sponsor for
BDRY, pursuant to the BDRY Expense Cap, amounted to -0- and -0- for the years ended June
30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. The waiver of Breakwave s CTA Fee, pursuant
to the contractual waiver, amounted to 22,434 and -0- for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed in the
Combined Statements of Operations. BDRY currently accrues its daily expenses based upon established individual expense category amounts
or the BDRY Expense Cap, whichever aggregate amount is less. At the end of each month, the accrued amount is remitted to the Sponsor
as the Sponsor is responsible for the payment of the routine operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Fund. BDRY s
total expenses amounted to 2,420,639 and 3,280,229 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

BWET pays the Sponsor Fee, monthly in arrears,
in an amount equal to the greater of 0.30 per year of BWET s average daily net assets, or 50,000. BWET s Sponsor Fee is
paid in consideration of the Sponsor s management services to BWET. BWET also pays Breakwave the CTA Fee monthly in arrears, for
the use of BWET s Benchmark Portfolio in an amount equal to 1.45 per annum of BWET s average daily net assets. 

Breakwave has agreed to waive its CTA Fee and
the Sponsor has agreed to correspondingly assume the remaining expenses of BWET so that BWET s expenses do not exceed an annual
rate of 3.50 , excluding brokerage commissions, interest expense, and extraordinary expenses, of the value of BWET s average daily
net assets (the BWET Expense Cap ). The assumption of expenses and waiver of BWET s CTA Fee are contractual on the
part of the Sponsor and Breakwave, respectively, through March 31, 2025. If after that date, the Sponsor and/or Breakwave no longer assumed
expenses or waived the CTA Fee, respectively, BWET could be adversely impacted, including in its ability to achieve its investment objective. 

The assumption of expenses by the Sponsor
for BWET, pursuant to the BWET Expense Cap, amounted to 77,450 for the period from May
3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. The waiver of
Breakwave s CTA fees, pursuant to the undertaking, amounted to 7,574 for the
period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. BWET currently accrues
its daily expenses based upon established individual expense category amounts or the BWET Expense Cap, whichever aggregate amount is
less. At the end of each month, the accrued amount is remitted to the Sponsor as the Sponsor is responsible for the payment of the
routine operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Fund. BWET s total expenses amounted to 123,053 
for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. 

7 

Administrator, Custodian, Fund Accountant, and Transfer Agent
Fees 

The Funds have agreed to pay U.S. Bank 0.05 
of AUM, with a 50,000 and 45,000 minimum annual fee for BDRY and BWET, respectively, payable for its administrative, accounting and
transfer agent services and 0.01 of AUM, with an annual minimum of 4,800 for custody services. BDRY paid U.S. Bank 66,005 and 64,618
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. BWET paid U.S. Bank
 9,666 for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, as
disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. 

Distribution Fees 

Each Fund paid ETFMG Financial an annual fee
for statutory and wholesaling distribution services and related administrative services equal to the greater of 15,000 or 0.02 of
each Funds average daily net assets, payable monthly. Pursuant to the Marketing Agent Agreement between the Sponsor, each
Fund and ETFMG Financial, ETFMG Financial assisted the Sponsor and each Fund with certain functions and duties relating to
distribution and marketing services to each Fund, including reviewing and approving marketing materials and certain regulatory
compliance matters. ETFMG Financial also assisted with the processing of creation and redemption orders. BDRY incurred 15,707 and
 15,707 in distribution and related administrative services for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed
in the Combined Statements of Operations. BWET incurred 2,539 in distribution and related administrative services for the period from
May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. 

BDRY pays the Sponsor for wholesale support
services at an annual rate of 25,000 plus 0.12 of BDRY s average daily net assets, payable monthly. BDRY incurred 87,902 and
 112,393 in wholesale support fees for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed in the Combined Statements
of Operations. 

BWET pays the Sponsor for wholesale support
services at an annual rate of 15,000 plus 0.15 of BWET s average daily net assets, payable monthly. BWET incurred 3,209 in
wholesale support fees for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, as disclosed in the
Combined Statements of Operations. 

Futures Commission Merchant Fees 

Each Fund pays brokerage commissions, including
applicable exchange fees, NFA fees, give-up fees, pit brokerage fees and other transaction related fees and expenses charged in connection
with trading activities in CFTC regulated investments. Brokerage commissions on futures contracts are recognized on a half-turn basis. 

The Sponsor does not expect brokerage
commissions and fees, on an annual basis, to exceed 0.40 for BDRY and 1.30 for BWET (excluding the impact on the Funds of creation
and/or redemption activity) of the NAV of the respective Funds and for execution and clearing services to exceed 12 per lot on
behalf of BDRY and 7 per lot on behalf of BWET, although the actual amount of brokerage commissions and fees in any year or any
part of any year may be greater. The effects of trading spreads, financing costs associated with financial instruments, and costs
relating to the purchase of freight futures, Treasury Instruments or similar high credit quality short-term fixed-income or similar
securities are not included in the foregoing analysis. BDRY incurred 684,169 and 665,810 in brokerage commissions and fees for the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. BWET incurred 19,746 in
brokerage commissions for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, as disclosed in the
Combined Statements of Operations. 

8 

Other Fees 

Each Fund is responsible for certain other
expenses, including professional services (e.g., outside auditor s fees and legal fees and expenses), shareholder Form
K-1 s, tax return preparation, regulatory compliance, and other services provided by affiliated and non-affiliated service
providers. The fees for Principal Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, and regulatory reporting services provided to the
Funds by the Sponsor each amount to 25,000 per annum. 

Extraordinary fees 

Each Fund pays all of its extraordinary fees and
expenses, if any. Extraordinary fees and expenses are fees and expenses which are non-recurring and unusual in nature, such as legal claims
and liabilities, litigation costs or indemnification or other unanticipated expenses. Such extraordinary fees and expenses, by their nature,
are unpredictable in terms of timing and amount. 

Form of Shares 

Registered Form 

Shares of the Funds are issued in registered form
in accordance with the Trust Agreement for each Fund. U.S. Bank has been appointed registrar and transfer agent for the purpose of transferring
shares in certificated form. U.S. Bank keeps a record of all limited partners and holders of the shares in certificated form in the registry
(the Register ). The Sponsor recognizes transfers of shares in certificated form only if done in accordance with the respective
Trust Agreement for each Fund. The beneficial interests in such shares are held in book-entry form through participants and/or accountholders
in the Depository Trust Company DTC ). 

Book Entry 

Individual certificates are not issued for the
shares. Instead, shares are represented by one or more global certificates, which are deposited by the Administrator with, or on behalf
of, DTC and registered in the name of Cede Co., as nominee for DTC. The global certificates evidence all of the shares outstanding
at any time. Shareholders are limited to (1) participants in DTC such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies DTC Participants ),
(2) banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies who maintain, either directly or indirectly, a custodial relationship with, or clear through,
a DTC Participant Indirect Participants ), and (3) persons holding interests in the shares through DTC Participants or Indirect
Participants, in each case who satisfy the requirements for transfers of shares. 

Shareholders will be shown on, and the transfer
of Shares will be effected only through, in the case of DTC Participants, the records maintained by the Depository and, in the case of
Indirect Participants and Shareholders holding through a DTC Participant or an Indirect participant, through those records or the records
of the relevant DTC Participants or Indirect participants. Shareholders are expected to receive, from or through which the Shareholder
has purchased Shares, a written confirmation relating to their purchase of Shares. 

DTC 

DTC is a limited purpose trust company organized
under the laws of the State of New York and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the
meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A
of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities for DTC Participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of transactions between DTC
Participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of DTC Participants. 

Calculating NAV 

Each Fund s NAV is calculated by: 

Taking the current market value
of its total assets; 

Subtracting any liabilities;
and 

Dividing that total by the
total number of outstanding shares. 

9 

The Administrator calculates the NAV of the Funds
once each NYSE Arca trading day. The NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m. E.T. Regular trading on the NYSE Arca
typically closes at 4:00 p.m. E.T. The Administrator uses the Baltic Exchange settlement price for the Freight Futures and option contracts.
The Administrator calculates or determines the value of all other BDRY and BWET investments using market quotations, if available, or
other information customarily used to determine the fair value of such investments as of the close of the NYSE Arca (normally 4:00 p.m.
E.T.), in accordance with the current Administrative Agency Agreement among U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, the Fund and the Sponsor. 

In addition, in order to provide updated information
relating to the Funds for use by investors and market professionals, an updated indicative fund value IFV is made available
through on-line information services throughout the core trading hours of 9:30 a.m. E.T. to 4:00 p.m. E.T. on each trading day. The IFV
is calculated by using the prior day s closing NAV per share of each Fund as a base and updating that value throughout the trading
day to reflect changes in the most recently reported trade price for the futures and/or options held by each Fund. Certain Freight Futures
brokers provide real time pricing information to the general public either through their websites or through data vendors such as Bloomberg
or Reuters. The IFV disseminated during NYSE Arca core trading hours should not be viewed as an actual real time update of the NAV, because
the NAV is calculated only once at the end of each trading day based upon the relevant end of day values of each of the Funds investments. 

The IFV is disseminated on a per share basis every
15 seconds during regular NYSE Arca core trading session hours. The customary trading hours of the Freight Futures trading are 3:00 a.m.
E.T. to 12:00 p.m. E.T. This means that there is a gap in time at the beginning and/or the end of each day during which the Funds 
shares are traded on the NYSE Arca, but real-time trading prices for contracts are not available. During such gaps in time the IFV will
be calculated based on the end of day price of such contracts from the Baltic Exchange s immediately preceding trading session.
In addition, other investments held by the Funds will be valued by the Administrator, using rates and points received from client-approved
third party vendors (such as Reuters and WM Company) and advisor or broker-dealer quotes. These investments will not be included in the
IFV. 

The NYSE Arca disseminates the IFV through the
facilities of CTA/CQ High Speed Lines. In addition, the IFV is published on the NYSE Arca s website and is available through on-line
information services such as Bloomberg and Reuters. 

Dissemination of the IFV provides additional information
that is not otherwise available to the public and is useful to investors and market professionals in connection with the trading of the
Funds shares on the NYSE Arca. Investors and market professionals are able throughout the trading day to compare the market price
of the Funds shares and the IFV. If the market price of the Funds shares diverges significantly from the IFV, market professionals
will have an incentive to execute arbitrage trades. For example, if the Funds shares appear to be trading at a discount compared
to the IFV, a market professional could purchase the Funds shares on the NYSE Arca and take the opposite position in Freight Futures.
Such arbitrage trades can tighten the tracking between the market price of the Funds shares and the IFV and thus can be beneficial
to all market participants. 

Creation and Redemption of Shares 

The Funds create and redeem shares from time to
time, but only in one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets. The creation and redemption of baskets are only made in exchange
for delivery to the Funds or the distribution by the Funds of the amount of cash represented by the baskets being created or redeemed,
the amount of which is based on the combined NAV of the number of shares included in the baskets being created or redeemed determined
as of 4:00 p.m. E.T. on the day the order to create or redeem baskets is properly received. 

Authorized Participants are the only persons that
may place orders to create and redeem baskets. Authorized Participants must be (1) registered broker-dealers or other securities market
participants, such as banks and other financial institutions, that are not required to register as broker-dealers to engage in securities
transactions described below, and (2) DTC Participants. To become an Authorized Participant, a person must enter into an Authorized Participant
Agreement with the Sponsor. The Authorized Participant Agreement provides the procedures for the creation and redemption of baskets and
for the delivery of the U.S. Treasuries and any cash required for such creation and redemptions. The Authorized Participant Agreement
and the related procedures attached thereto may be amended by the Funds, without the consent of any limited partner or shareholder or
Authorized Participant. Authorized Participants will pay a transaction fee of 300 to the Custodian for each order they place to create
or redeem one or more baskets. Authorized Participants who make deposits with the Funds in exchange for baskets receive no fees, commissions
or other form of compensation or inducement of any kind from either of the Funds or the Sponsor, and no such person will have any obligation
or responsibility to the Sponsor or the Funds to effect any sale or resale of shares. 

10 

Each Authorized Participant is required to be
registered as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and be a member in good standing with FINRA, or exempt from being or otherwise not
required to be registered as a broker-dealer or a member of FINRA, and qualified to act as a broker or dealer in the states or other jurisdictions
where the nature of its business so requires. Certain Authorized Participants may also be regulated under federal and state banking laws
and regulations. Each Authorized Participant has its own set of rules and procedures, internal controls and information barriers as it
determines is appropriate in light of its own regulatory regime. 

Under the Authorized Participant Agreements, the
Sponsor has agreed to indemnify the Authorized Participants against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the 1933 Act, and
to contribute to the payments the Authorized Participants may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. 

Creation Procedures 

On any business day, an Authorized Participant
may place an order with the Transfer Agent, and accepted by the Distributor, to create one or more baskets. For purposes of processing
purchase and redemption orders, a business day means any day other than a day when any of the NYSE Arca, the New York Stock
Exchange or the Baltic Exchange is closed for regular trading. Purchase orders must be placed by 12:00 p.m. E.T. or the close of the NYSE
Arca core trading session, whichever is earlier. The day on which a valid purchase order is received in accordance with the terms of the
 Authorized Participant Agreement is referred to as the purchase order date. Purchase orders are irrevocable. Prior to the
delivery of baskets for a purchase order, the Authorized Participant will be charged a non-refundable transaction fee due for the purchase
order. 

The manner by which creations are made is dictated
by the terms of the Authorized Participant Agreement. 

Determination of Required Payment 

The Creation Basket Deposit for each Fund is the
NAV of 25,000 shares on the purchase order date, but only if the required payment is timely received. To calculate the NAV, the Administrator
will use the Baltic Exchange settlement price (typically determined after 12:00 p.m. E.T. and 2:00 p.m. E.T. for BWET and BDRY Freight
Futures respectively) for the Freight Futures. 

Because orders to purchase Creation Baskets must
be placed no later than 12:00 p.m. E.T., but the total payment required to create a Creation Basket typically will not be determined until
after 12:00 p.m. E.T. or 2:00 p.m. E.T. for BWET and BDRY respectively, on the date the purchase order is received, Authorized Participants
will not know the total amount of the payment required to create a Creation Basket at the time they submit an irrevocable purchase order.
The NAV and the total amount of the payment required to create a Creation Basket could rise or fall substantially between the time an
irrevocable purchase order is submitted and the time the amount of the purchase price in respect thereof is determined. 

Delivery of Required Payment 

An Authorized Participant who places a purchase
order shall transfer to the Administrator the required amount of cash, by the end of the next business day following the purchase order
date. Upon receipt of the deposit amount, the Administrator will direct DTC to credit the number of Creation Baskets ordered to the Authorized
Participant s DTC account on the next business day following the purchase order date. 

11 

Suspension of Purchase Orders 

The Sponsor acting by itself or through the Administrator
or the Distributor may suspend the right of purchase, or postpone the purchase settlement date, for any period during which the NYSE Arca
or other exchange on which the shares are listed is closed, other than for customary holidays or weekends, or when trading is restricted
or suspended. None of the Sponsor, the Marketing Agent or the Administrator will be liable to any person or in any way for any loss or
damages that may result from any such suspension or postponement. 

Rejection of Purchase Orders 

The Sponsor acting by itself or through the Distributor
shall have the absolute right but no obligation to reject a purchase order or a Creation Basket Deposit if: 

it determines that the purchase
order or the Creation Basket Deposit is not in proper form; 

the acceptance or receipt of
the purchase order or Creation Basket Deposit would, in the opinion of counsel to the Sponsor, be unlawful; or 

circumstances outside the control
of the Sponsor, Distributor or Custodian make it, for all practical purposes, not feasible to process creations of baskets. 

None of the Sponsor, Distributor or Custodian
will be liable for the rejection of any purchase order or Creation Basket Deposit. 

Redemption Procedures 

The procedures by which an Authorized Participant
can redeem one or more baskets mirror the procedures for the creation of baskets. On any business day, an Authorized Participant may place
an order with the Distributor to redeem one or more baskets. Redemption orders must be placed by 12:00 p.m. E.T. or the close of the core
trading session on the NYSE Arca, whichever is earlier. A redemption order so received will be effective on the date it is received in
satisfactory form by the Distributor. The redemption procedures allow Authorized Participants to redeem baskets and do not entitle an
individual shareholder to redeem any shares in an amount less than a Redemption Basket, or to redeem baskets other than through an Authorized
Participant. Redemption orders are irrevocable. 

The manner by which redemptions are made is dictated
by the terms of the Authorized Participant Agreement. By placing an order for Redemption Baskets of BDRY or BWET, an Authorized Participant
agrees to deliver the Redemption Baskets to be redeemed through DTC s book-entry system to the respective Fund not later than 12:00
p.m. E.T., on the next business day immediately following the redemption order date. Prior to the delivery of redemption distribution
or proceeds, the Authorized Participant will be charged a non-refundable transaction fee due for the redemption order. 

Determination of Redemption Proceeds 

The redemption proceeds from the Funds consist
of a cash redemption amount equal to the NAV of the number of Baskets requested in the Authorized Participant s redemption order
on the redemption order date. To calculate the NAV, the Administrator will use the Baltic Exchange settlement price (typically determined
after 12:00 p.m. E.T. and 2:00 p.m. E.T. for the BWET and BDRY Freight Futures respectively) for the Freight Futures. 

Because orders to redeem baskets must be placed
no later than 12:00 p.m. E.T., but the total amount of redemption proceeds typically will not be determined until after 12:00 p.m. E.T
or 2:00 p.m. E.T. for BWET and BDRY respectively, on the date the redemption order is received, Authorized Participants will not know
the total amount of the redemption proceeds at the time they submit an irrevocable redemption order. The NAV and the total amount of redemption
proceeds could rise or fall substantially between the time an irrevocable redemption order is submitted and the time the amount of redemption
proceeds in respect thereof is determined. 

12 

Delivery of Redemption Proceeds 

The redemption proceeds due from the Fund will
be delivered to the Authorized Participant at 1:00 p.m. E.T., on the next business day immediately following the redemption order date
if, by such time, the Funds DTC account has been credited with the baskets to be redeemed. If the Funds DTC account has
not been credited with all of the baskets to be redeemed by such time, the redemption distribution is delivered to the extent of whole
baskets received. Any remainder of the redemption distribution is delivered on the next business day to the extent of remaining whole
baskets received if the Funds receive the fee applicable to the extension of the redemption distribution date which the Sponsor may, from
time to time, determine and the remaining baskets to be redeemed are credited to the Funds DTC accounts by 1:00 p.m. E.T., on such
next business day. Any further outstanding amount of the redemption order shall be cancelled. The Sponsor may cause the redemption distribution
to be delivered notwithstanding that the baskets to be redeemed are not credited to the Fund s DTC account by 12:00 p.m. E.T., on
the next business day immediately following the redemption order date if the Authorized Participant has collateralized its obligation
to deliver the Baskets through DTC s book entry system on such terms as the Sponsor may from time to time determine. 

Suspension or Rejection of Redemption Orders 

The Sponsor may, in its discretion, suspend the
right of redemption, or postpone the redemption settlement date, (1) for any period during which the NYSE Arca, or the Baltic Exchange
is closed other than customary weekend or holiday closings, or trading on the NYSE Arca, or the Baltic Exchange, is suspended or restricted,
(2) for any period during which an emergency exists as a result of which delivery, disposal or evaluation of the redemption distribution
or redemption proceeds, as applicable, is not reasonably practicable, or (3) for such other period as the Sponsor determines to be necessary
for the protection of the limited partners or shareholders. For example, the Sponsor may determine that it is necessary to suspend redemptions
to allow for the orderly liquidation of the Funds assets at an appropriate value to fund a redemption. If the Sponsor has difficulty
liquidating its positions, e.g., because of a market disruption event in the futures markets or a suspension of trading by the exchange
where the futures contracts are listed, it may be appropriate to suspend redemptions until such time as such circumstances are rectified.
None of the Sponsor, the Distributor, the Transfer Agent, the Administrator, or the Custodian will be liable to any person or in any way
for any loss or damages that may result from any such suspension or postponement. 

Redemption orders must be made in whole baskets.
The Sponsor will reject a redemption order if the order is not in proper form as described in the applicable Authorized Participant Agreement
or if the fulfillment of the order, in the opinion of its counsel, might be unlawful. The Sponsor may also reject a redemption order if
the number of shares being redeemed would reduce the remaining outstanding shares to 50,000 shares (minimum NYSE Arca maintenance listing
requirement) or less, unless the Sponsor has reason to believe that the placer of the redemption order does in fact possess all the outstanding
shares and can deliver them. 

Creation and Redemption Transaction Fee 

To compensate the Funds for their expenses in
connection with the creation and redemption of baskets, an Authorized Participant is required to pay a transaction fee to the Custodian
of 300 per order to create or redeem baskets, regardless of the number of baskets in such order. An order may include multiple baskets.
The transaction fee may be reduced, increased or otherwise changed by the Sponsor. The Sponsor will notify DTC of any change in the transaction
fee and will not implement any increase in the fee for the redemption of baskets until 30 days after the date of the notice. 

Tax Responsibility 

Authorized Participants are responsible for any
transfer tax, sales or use tax, stamp tax, recording tax, value added tax or similar tax or governmental charge applicable to the creation
or redemption of baskets, regardless of whether or not such tax or charge is imposed directly on the Authorized Participant, and agree
to indemnify the Sponsor and the Funds if they are required by law to pay any such tax, together with any applicable penalties, additions
to tax and interest thereon. 

13 

Secondary Market Transactions 

As noted, the Funds create and redeem shares from
time to time, but only in one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets. The creation and redemption of baskets are only made in
exchange for delivery to the Funds or the distribution by the Funds of the amount of cash, represented by the baskets being created or
redeemed, the amount of which will be based on the aggregate NAV of the number of shares included in the baskets being created or redeemed
determined on the day the order to create or redeem baskets is properly received. 

As discussed above, Authorized Participants are
the only persons that may place orders to create and redeem baskets. Authorized Participants must be registered broker-dealers or other
securities market participants, such as banks and other financial institutions that are not required to register as broker-dealers to
engage in securities transactions. An Authorized Participant is under no obligation to create or redeem baskets, and an Authorized Participant
is under no obligation to offer to the public shares of any baskets it does create. Authorized Participants that do offer to the public
shares from the baskets they create will do so at per share offering prices that are expected to reflect, among other factors, the trading
price of the shares on the NYSE Arca, the NAV of the Funds at the time the Authorized Participant purchased the Creation Baskets and the
NAV of the shares at the time of the offer of the shares to the public, the supply of and demand for shares at the time of sale, and the
liquidity of the futures contract market. The prices of shares offered by Authorized Participants are expected to fall between the Funds 
NAVs and the trading price of the shares on the NYSE Arca at the time of sale. 

Shares initially comprising the same basket but
offered by Authorized Participants to the public at different times may have different offering prices. An order for one or more baskets
may be placed by an Authorized Participant on behalf of multiple clients. Authorized Participants that make deposits with the Funds in
exchange for baskets receive no fees, commissions or other form of compensation or inducement of any kind from either of the Funds or
the Sponsor, and no such person has any obligation or responsibility to the Sponsor or the Funds to effect any sale or resale of shares. 

Shares trade in the secondary market on the NYSE
Arca. Shares may trade in the secondary market at prices that are lower or higher relative to their NAV per share. The amount of the discount
or premium in the trading price relative to the NAV per share may be influenced by various factors, including the number of investors
who seek to purchase or sell shares in the secondary market and the liquidity of the futures contracts market. While the shares trade
during regular trading hours on the NYSE Arca until 4:00 p.m. E.T., liquidity in the market for Freight Futures, may be reduced after
the close of the Freight Futures market at approximately 12:00 p.m. E.T. As a result, during this time, trading spreads, and the resulting
premium or discount, on the shares may widen. 

There are a minimum number of specified baskets
and associated shares. Once the minimum number of baskets is reached, there can be no more basket redemptions until there has been a Creation
Basket. In such case, market makers may be less willing to purchase shares from investors in the secondary market, which may in turn limit
the ability of shareholders of the Funds to sell their shares in the secondary market. As of the date of this annual report the minimum
level for both BDRY and BWET is 50,000 shares, representing two baskets. 

All proceeds from the sale of Creation Baskets
will be invested as quickly as practicable in the investments described in the prospectus. The Funds cash and investments are held
through their Custodian, in accounts with their commodity futures brokers or in demand deposits with highly-rated financial institutions.
There is no stated maximum time period for either of the Funds operations and the Funds may continue their operations until all
shares are redeemed or the Funds are liquidated pursuant to the terms of the Funds Trust Agreement. 

Regulatory Environment 

The regulation of futures markets, futures contracts,
and futures exchanges has historically been comprehensive. The CFTC and the exchanges are authorized to take extraordinary actions in
the event of a market emergency including, for example, the retroactive implementation of speculative position limits, increased margin
requirements, the establishment of daily price limits and the suspension of trading. 

The regulation of commodity interest transactions
in the United States is an evolving area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental and judicial action. Considerable
regulatory attention has been focused on non-traditional investment pools that are publicly distributed in the United States. There is
a possibility of future regulatory changes within the United States altering, perhaps to a material extent, the nature of an investment
in the Funds or the ability of the Funds to continue to implement their investment strategies. In addition, various national governments outside
of the United States have expressed concern regarding the disruptive effects of speculative trading in the commodities markets and the
need to regulate the derivatives markets in general. The effect of any future regulatory change on the Funds is impossible to predict but
could be substantial and adverse. 

14 

The CFTC possesses exclusive jurisdiction to regulate
the activities of commodity pool operators and commodity trading advisors with respect to commodity interests, such as futures,
swaps and options, and has adopted regulations with respect to the activities of those persons and/or entities. Under the CEA, a registered
CPO, such as the Sponsor, is required to make annual filings with the CFTC and NFA describing its organization, capital structure, management
and controlling persons. In addition, the CEA authorizes the CFTC to require and review books and records of, and documents prepared by,
registered CPOs. Pursuant to this authority, the CFTC requires CPOs to keep accurate, current and orderly records for each pool that they
operate. The CFTC may suspend the registration of a commodity pool operator (1) if the CFTC finds that the operator s trading practices
tend to disrupt orderly market conditions, (2) if any controlling person of the operator is subject to an order of the CFTC denying such
person trading privileges on any exchange, and (3) in certain other circumstances. Suspension, restriction or termination of the Sponsor s
registration as a commodity pool operator would prevent it, until that registration were to be reinstated, from managing the Funds, and
might result in the termination of the Funds if a successor sponsor is not elected pursuant to the Trust Agreement. 

The Funds investors are afforded prescribed
rights for reparations under the CEA. Investors may also be able to maintain a private right of action for violations of the CEA. The
CFTC has adopted rules implementing the reparation provisions of the CEA, which provide that any person may file a complaint for a reparations
award with the CFTC for violation of the CEA against a floor broker or an FCM, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, CPO, and
their respective associated persons. 

Pursuant to authority in the CEA, the NFA has
been formed and registered with the CFTC as a registered futures association. At the present time, the NFA is the only self-regulatory
organization for commodity interest professionals, other than futures exchanges. The CFTC has delegated to the NFA responsibility for
the registration of CPOs and FCMs and their respective associated persons. The Sponsor is a member of the NFA and, as such, it will be
subject to NFA standards relating to fair trade practices, financial condition and consumer protection. The NFA also arbitrates disputes
between members and their customers and conducts registration and fitness screening of applicants for membership and audits of its existing
members. Neither the Trust nor the Funds are required to become a member of the NFA. 

The regulations of the CFTC and the NFA prohibit
any representation by a person registered with the CFTC or by any member of the NFA, that registration with the CFTC, or membership in
the NFA, in any respect indicates that the CFTC or the NFA has approved or endorsed that person or that person s trading program
or objectives. The registrations and memberships of the parties described in this summary must not be considered as constituting any such
approval or endorsement. Likewise, no futures exchange has given or will give any similar approval or endorsement. 

Futures exchanges in the United States are subject
to varying degrees of regulation under the CEA depending on whether such exchange is a designated contract market, exempt board of trade
or electronic trading facility. Clearing organizations are also subject to the CEA and the rules and regulations adopted thereunder as
administered by the CFTC. The CFTC s function is to implement the CEA s objectives of preventing price manipulation and excessive
speculation and promoting orderly and efficient commodity interest markets. In addition, the various exchanges and clearing organizations
themselves exercise regulatory and supervisory authority over their member firms. 

15 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act was enacted in response to the economic crisis of 2008 and 2009 and it significantly
altered the regulatory regime to which the securities and commodities markets are subject. To date, the CFTC has issued proposed or final
versions of almost all of the rules it is required to promulgate under the Dodd-Frank Act. The provisions of the law include the requirement
that position limits be established on a wide range of commodity interests, including agricultural, energy, and metal-based commodity
futures contracts, options on such futures contracts and cleared and uncleared swaps that are economically equivalent to such futures
contracts and options; new registration and recordkeeping requirements for swap market participants; capital and margin requirements for
 swap dealers and major swap participants, as determined by the new law and applicable regulations; reporting
of all swap transactions to swap data repositories; and the mandatory use of clearinghouse mechanisms for sufficiently standardized swap
transactions that were historically entered into in the over-the-counter market, but are now designated as subject to the clearing requirement;
and margin requirements for over-the-counter swaps that are not subject to the clearing requirements. 

The Dodd-Frank Act was intended to reduce systemic
risks that may have contributed to the 2008/2009 financial crisis. Since the first draft of what became the Dodd-Frank Act, supporters
and opponents have debated the scope of the legislation. As the administrations of the U.S. change, the interpretation and implementation
will change along with them. Nevertheless, regulatory reform of any kind may have a significant impact on U.S. regulated entities. 

Current rules and regulations under the Dodd-Frank
Act require enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards,
customer disclosures and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances to market participants
that customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of the risks of futures
trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust manner, the capital
and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing and examination programs of the CFTC and
the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. 

Regulatory bodies outside the U.S. have also passed
or proposed, or may propose in the future, legislation similar to that proposed by the Dodd-Frank Act or other legislation containing
other restrictions that could adversely impact the liquidity of and increase costs of participating in the commodities markets. For example,
the European Union Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (Regulation
(EU) No 600/2014) (together MiFID II ), which has applied since January 3, 2018, governs the provision of investment services
and activities in relation to, as well as the organized trading of, financial instruments such as shares, bonds, units in collective investment
schemes and derivatives. In particular, MiFID II requires EU Member States to apply position limits to the size of a net position which
a person can hold at any time in commodity derivatives traded on EU trading venues and in economically equivalent over-the-counter OTC contracts. By way of further example, the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 648/2012,
as amended) EMIR introduced certain requirements in respect of OTC derivatives including: (i) the mandatory clearing of
OTC derivative contracts declared subject to the clearing obligation; (ii) risk mitigation techniques in respect of un-cleared OTC derivative
contracts, including the mandatory margining of un-cleared OTC derivative contracts; and (iii) reporting and recordkeeping requirements
in respect of all derivatives contracts. In the event that the requirements under EMIR and MiFID II apply, these are expected to increase
the cost of transacting derivatives. 

In addition, considerable regulatory attention
has been focused on non-traditional publicly distributed investment pools such as the Funds. Furthermore, various national governments
have expressed concern regarding the disruptive effects of speculative trading in certain commodity markets and the need to regulate the
derivatives markets in general. The effect of any future regulatory change on the Funds is impossible to predict but could be substantial
and adverse. 

SEC Reports 

Each Fund makes available, free of charge, on
its website (www.drybulketf.com for BDRY and www.tankeretf.com for BWET), its annual reports on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, its current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act as soon as reasonably practicable after these forms are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. These reports are also available from
the SEC though its website at: www.sec.gov. 

CFTC Reports 

The Trust also makes available, on its website,
its monthly reports and its annual reports required to be prepared and filed with the NFA under the CFTC regulations. 

16 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Although the Funds may, from time to time, be involved
in litigation arising out of their operations in the normal course of business or otherwise, the Funds are currently not a party to any pending
 legal proceedings. 

Mr. Masucci, a principal of the Sponsor, and certain
affiliates of the Sponsor have entered into a settlement agreement with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC regarding
certain alleged conflicts of interest arising in connection with ETFMG Alternative Harvest ETF s (MJ) participation in the securities
lending program administered by its prior custodian. Without admitting or denying the SEC s findings, Mr. Masucci agreed to a cease-and-desist
order, to pay a 400,000 penalty, and to an associational bar under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and a prohibition
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, with a right to reapply after three years. Certain affiliates of the Sponsor agreed
to censures, to a cease-and-desist order, and to pay, jointly and severally, a civil penalty of 4 million. The settlement resolves the
SEC s investigation of Mr. Masucci and affiliates of the Sponsor. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

17 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Shares of BDRY have traded on the NYSE Arca under
the symbol BDRY since March 22, 2018. 

As of June 30, 2023, BDRY had approximately 12,563 holders of its
shares. 

Shares of BWET have traded on the NYSE Arca under
the symbol BWET since May 3, 2023. 

As of June 30, 2023, BWET had approximately 202 holders of its shares. 

Dividends 

The Funds have not made and do not currently intend
to make cash distributions to their shareholders. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Funds do not purchase shares directly from
their shareholders. 

Authorized Participant redemption activity for
each Fund during the period from April 1, 2023 through June 30, 2023 and the period from April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 was as follows: 

BDRY 

Period of Redemption 
 
 Total Number of Shares Redeemed 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Period from April 1, 2023 through June 30, 2023 
 
 1,725,000 

8.69 

Period from April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 
 
 1,550,000 

21.21 

BWET 

Period of Redemption 
 
 Total Number of Shares Redeemed 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Period from April 1, 2023 through June 30, 2023 

Period from April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 

18 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the notes thereto of the Trust and the Funds included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

This information should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report (the Report ). The discussion and analysis
which follows may contain trend analysis and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial results. Words such as anticipate, 
 expect, intend, plan, believe, seek, outlook and estimate, 
as well as similar words and phrases, signify forward-looking statements. ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I s forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future results and conditions, and important factors, risks and uncertainties may cause our actual results
to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. 

You should not place undue reliance on any
forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the Federal securities laws, ETF Managers Capital, LLC undertakes no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risks, uncertainties or other factors described in this Report, as
a result of new information, future events or changed circumstances or for any other reason after the date of this Report. 

Overview 

The Trust is a Delaware statutory trust formed
on July 23, 2014. The Trust is a series trust currently consisting of two publicly listed series: Breakwave Dry Bulk Shipping ETF BDRY and Breakwave Tanker Shipping ETF BWET ). All of the series of the Trust are collectively referred to as the Funds 
and singularly as the Fund. Each Fund issues common units, called the Shares, representing fractional undivided
beneficial interests in the respective Fund. The Trust and the Funds operate pursuant to the Trust s Amended and Restated Declaration
of Trust and Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement ). 

The Sponsor has the power and authority to establish
and designate one or more series and to issue shares thereof, from time to time as it deems necessary or desirable. The Sponsor has exclusive
power to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences as between the shares of any series as to the right of redemption, special
and relative rights as to dividends and other distributions and on liquidation, conversion rights, and conditions under which the series
shall have separate voting rights or no voting rights. The term for which the Trust is to exist commenced on the date of the filing of
the Certificate of Trust, and the Trust, the Funds, and any additional series created in the future will exist in perpetuity, unless earlier
terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. Separate and distinct records shall be maintained for each Fund and
the assets associated with a Fund shall be held in such separate and distinct records (directly or indirectly, including a nominee or
otherwise) and accounted for in such separate and distinct records separately from the assets of any other series. The Funds and each
future series will be separate from all such series in respect of the assets and liabilities allocated to a Fund and each separate series
and will represent a separate investment portfolio of the Trust. 

The sole Trustee of the Trust is Wilmington Trust,
N.A. (the Trustee ), and the Trustee serves as the Trust s corporate trustee as required under the Delaware Statutory
Trust Act DSTA ). The Trustee s principal offices are located at 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890.
The Trustee is unaffiliated with the Sponsor. The rights and duties of the Trustee and the Sponsor with respect to the offering of the
Shares and Fund management and the shareholders are governed by the provisions of the DSTA and by the Trust Agreement. 

On March 9, 2018, the initial Form S-1 for BDRY
was declared effective by the SEC. On March 21, 2018, two Creation Baskets were issued for the Fund, representing 100,000 shares and 2,500,000.
The Fund began trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE Arca on March 22, 2018. 

On April 28, 2023, the form S-1 for BWET was declared
effective by the SEC. On May 1, 2023, eight Creation Baskets were issued for the Fund, representing
200,000 shares and 3,000,000. The Fund began trading on the NYSE Arca on May 3, 2023. 

Each Fund is designed and managed to track the
performance of a portfolio (a Benchmark Portfolio consisting of futures contracts (the Benchmark Component Instruments ). 

19 

Results of Operations 

BDRY commenced investment operations on March
22, 2018 at 25.00 per Share. The Shares have been trading on the NYSE Arca since March 22, 2018 under the symbol BDRY. 

BWET commenced investment operations on May 3,
2023 at 15.00 per Share. The Shares have been trading on the NYSE Arca since May 3, 2023
under the symbol BWET. 

Each Fund seeks to track the daily return of the
Benchmark Portfolio, over time, plus the excess, if any, of the Funds interest income from its holdings over the expenses of the
Fund. 

The following graphs illustrate changes in (i)
the price of each Fund s Shares (reflected, as applicable, by the graphs Comparison of Per Share BDRY NAV to BDRY Market
Value for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 , Comparison of Per Share BDRY NAV to BDRY Market Value for the Year
Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 and Comparison of Per Share BWET NAV to BWET Market Value for the Period From May 3, 2023 (Commencement
of Operations) to June 30, 2023 and (ii) each Fund s NAV (as reflected by the graphs Comparison of BDRY NAV to Benchmark
Index for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 , Comparison of BDRY NAV to Benchmark Index for the Year Ended June
30, 2023 and 2022 and Comparison of BWET NAV to Benchmark Index for the Period From May 3, 2023 (Commencement of Operations)
to June 30, 2023 ). BWET commenced operations on May 3, 2023, and as such, there is no prior period to compare to. 

Each Benchmark Portfolio is frictionless, in that
it does not take into account fees or expenses associated with investing in the applicable Fund. The performance of the Funds involves
friction, in that fees and expenses impose a drag on performance. 

Breakwave Dry Bulk Shipping ETF 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, dry bulk
spot rates eased versus the previous year, with the benchmark Baltic Dry Index declining steadily, reaching its lowest point in February
2023 at approximately the same levels as those of the early pandemic period before recovering a bit towards the end of the year. The
main reasons for the relatively poor performance versus the previous year reflect relatively flat demand for bulk commodity goods from
China combined with better fleet supply as a result of the unwinding of port congestion and fleet inefficiencies resulting from the COVID-19
pandemic. Year over year growth in bulk trading globally was strong, but such a performance reflected mainly base effects due to the very
low absolute levels of 2022. 

During the year, freight rates returned back
to their historical ranges following two years of unexpectedly strong freight rates. The pattern of weak rates during the summer months
followed by increasing demand for iron ore and coal transportation towards the end of the calendar year, was once again evident during
the period. The first quarter of 2023 experienced seasonally weak rates, in line with expectations, but an initially expected strong recovery
in the spring months failed to materialize, leading to a repricing of the futures curve as market participants begun to realize that a
return to historical patterns was indeed materializing. 

At the same time, the Chinese economy continued
to show significant weakness versus recent years, especially when it comes to the real estate market, which is the main source for iron
ore demand and thus dry bulk freight. Some early signs of recovery during the first quarter of 2023 provided some hope, but such a recovery
was short lived with most real estate and construction indicators failing to provide sustainable signs of recovery as the first half of
the year progressed. 

During the pandemic years, congestion in major
ports increased materially leading to a lower effective fleet supply. In addition, fleet inefficiencies resulting from various port policies
as it relates to COVID-19 also added to such reduction in effective fleet supply. Such congestion and inefficiencies have now been gradually
unwound, leading to an increase in effective fleet supply. 

The combination of stable Chinese bulk commodity
demand and higher effective fleet supply put pressure on spot freight rates leading to the relative underperformance year-over-year. 

20 

Differences in the benchmark return and BDRY net asset value per share
are due primarily to the following factors: 

Benchmark portfolio uses settlement prices of freight futures vs. BDRY closing share price for BDRY. 

Benchmark portfolio roll methodology assumes rolls that happen evenly at fractions of lots vs. BDRY that transacts at real minimum lot size available pursuant to market practice (5 lots minimum). 

Benchmark portfolio assumes rolls that are happening at daily settlement prices vs. BDRY that transacts at prevailing prices during the day that might or might not be equal to settlement prices. 

Benchmark portfolio assumes no trading commissions vs. BDRY that pays 10bps of nominal value in commissions per transaction. 

Benchmark portfolio assumes no clearing fees vs BDRY that pays approximately 12 per lot in clearing fees per transaction. 

Benchmark portfolio assumes no management fees vs. BDRY fee structure. 

Creations and redemptions that lead to transactions in the freight futures market might occur at prices that might be different versus the settlement prices. 

21 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

The per Share market value of BDRY and its NAV
tracked closely for the three months ended June 30, 2023. 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

The per Share market value of BDRY and its NAV
tracked closely for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

22 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

The per Share market value of BDRY and its NAV
tracked closely for the three months ended June 30, 2022. 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

The per Share market value of BDRY and its NAV
tracked closely for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

23 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR BENCHMARK PORTFOLIO LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE
PERFORMANCE. 

The graph above compares the return of BDRY with
the benchmark portfolio returns for the three months ended June 30, 2023. The difference in the NAV price and the benchmark value often
results in the appearance of a NAV premium or discount to the benchmark. The difference is related to the cumulative impact on NAV of
the Fund s income and expenses during the period presented in the chart above. 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR BENCHMARK PORTFOLIO LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE
PERFORMANCE. 

The graph above compares the return of BDRY
with the benchmark portfolio returns for the year ended June 30, 2023. The difference in the NAV price and the benchmark value often
results in the appearance of a NAV premium or discount to the benchmark. The difference is related to the cumulative impact on NAV
of the Fund s expenses during the period presented in the chart above. 

24 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR BENCHMARK PORTFOLIO LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE
PERFORMANCE. 

The graph above compares the return of BDRY with
the benchmark portfolio returns for the three months ended June 30, 2022. The difference in the NAV price and the benchmark value often
results in the appearance of a NAV premium or discount to the benchmark. The difference is related to the cumulative impact on NAV of
the Fund s income and expenses during the period presented in the chart above. 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR BENCHMARK PORTFOLIO LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE
PERFORMANCE. 

The graph above compares the return of BDRY with
the benchmark portfolio returns for the year ended June 30, 2022. The difference in the NAV price and the benchmark value often results
in the appearance of a NAV premium or discount to the benchmark. The difference is related to the cumulative impact on NAV of the Fund s
income and expenses during the period presented in the chart above. 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

Fund Share Price Performance 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the
NYSE Arca market value of each share decreased (-67.68 from 17.17 per share, representing the closing price on June 30, 2022, to
 5.55 per share, representing the closing price on June 30, 2023. The share price high and low for the year ended June 30, 2023 and
related change from the closing share price on June 30, 2022 was as follows: shares traded from a high of 17.16 per share (-0.06 on July 1, 2022 to a low of 5.48 per share (-68.08 on June 28, 2023. 

25 

Fund Share Net Asset Value Performance 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, the net asset
value of each share decreased (-67.6 from 17.06 per share to 5.53 per share. Net losses in the futures contracts and Fund expenses
resulted in the overall decrease in the NAV per share during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Net loss for the year ended June 30, 2023,
was 36,530,822, resulting from net realized losses on investments and futures contracts of 30,983,820, net unrealized losses on investments
and futures contracts of 4,404,570, and the net investment loss of 1,142,432. 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2022 

Fund Share Price Performance 

During the year ended June 30, 2022, the NYSE
Arca market value of each share decreased (-41.50 from 29.35 per share, representing the closing price on June 30, 2021, to 17.17
per share, representing the closing price on June 30, 2022. The share price high and low for the year ended June 30, 2022 and related
change from the closing share price on June 30, 2021 was as follows: shares traded from a high of 42.22 per share (+43.85 on October
6, 2021 to a low of 19.12 per share (-34.86 on November 16, 2021. 

Fund Share Net Asset Value Performance 

For the year ended June 30, 2022, the net asset
value of each share decreased (-40.93 from 28.88 per share to 17.06 per share. Net losses in the futures contracts and Fund expenses
resulted in the overall decrease in the NAV per share during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Net loss for the year ended June 30, 2022, was
 33,398,736, resulting from net realized gains on investments and futures contracts of 836,968, net unrealized losses on investments
and futures contracts of 30,998,515, and the net investment loss of 3,247,189. 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

Fund Share Price Performance 

During the three months ended June 30, 2023,
the NYSE Arca market value of each Share decreased (-45.05 from 10.10 per Share, representing the closing price on March 31, 2023, to
 5.55 per Share, representing the closing price on June 30, 2023. The Share price high and low for the three months ended June 30, 2023
and related change from the closing Share price on March 31, 2023 was as follows: Shares traded from a high of 10.35 per Share (+2.48 on April 4, 2023 to a low of 5.48 per Share (-45.73 on June 28, 2023. 

Fund Share Net Asset Performance 

For the three months ended June 30, 2023, the
net asset value of each Share decreased (-44.76 from 10.01 per Share to 5.53 per Share. For the three months ended June 30, 2023,
losses in the investments and futures contracts and Fund expenses resulted in the overall decrease in the NAV per Share during the period. 

Net loss for the three months ended June 30,
2023, was 42,142,612, resulting from net realized losses on investments and futures contracts of 8,182,777, net unrealized losses on
investments and futures contracts of 33,858,687, and the net investment loss of 101,148. 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2022 

Fund Share Price Performance 

During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the
NYSE Arca market value of each Share decreased (-28.99 from 24.18 per Share, representing the closing price on March 31, 2022, to 17.17
per Share, representing the closing price on June 30, 2022. The Share price high and low for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and
related change from the closing Share price on March 31, 2022 was as follows: Shares traded from a high of 26.07 per Share (+7.82 on
May 18, 2022 to a low of 15.60 per Share (-35.48 on June 28, 2022. 

Fund Share Net Asset Performance 

For the three months ended June 30, 2022, the
net asset value of each Share decreased (-21.01 from 24.03 per Share to 17.06 per Share. For the three months ended June 30, 2022,
losses in the investments and futures contracts more than offset Fund expenses resulting in the overall decrease in the NAV per Share
during the period. 

Net loss for the three months ended June 30, 2022,
was 20,741,430, resulting from net realized losses on investments and futures contracts of 7,373,153, net unrealized losses on investments
and futures contracts of 12,614,155, and the net investment loss of 754,122. 

26 

Breakwave Tanker Shipping ETF 

During the period starting on May 3, 2023 and
ending on June 30, 2023, crude tanker spot rates experienced high volatility, with spot rates for Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCC) increasing
sharply in early June, before correcting down to their previous level by the end of the month. The main reason for such a volatile performance
was weather, with some unexpected vessel delays due to a typhoon that had developed in the Indian ocean causing charterers to seek alternative
vessels thus pushing VLCC freight rates higher in the process. In addition, strong demand for VLCC in the Atlantic basin also contributed
to a tighter market and thus supported spot freight rates. 

The softening of the Chinese economy remains
a major worry for the tanker market as the great majority of incremental crude oil is destined for Asia and mainly China. So far in 2023,
the slowdown in growth in China has not had a major impact in oil demand as transportation fuels have seen significant growth in demand
versus last year as a result of the lifting of the Covid-19 restrictions late in 2022. However, if the Chinese economy deteriorates further,
and consumption growth slows down further, then demand for oil should also be negatively affected and thus demand for oil tankers will
decline which could have a negative impact on spot freight rates for VLCCs. 

Differences in the benchmark return and BWET net asset value per share
are due primarily to the following factors: 

Benchmark portfolio uses settlement prices of freight futures vs. BWET closing share price for BWET. 

Benchmark portfolio roll methodology assumes rolls that happen evenly at fractions of lots vs. BWET that transacts at real minimum lot size available pursuant to market practice (5 lots minimum). 

Benchmark portfolio assumes rolls that are happening at daily settlement prices vs. BWET that transacts at prevailing prices during the day that might or might not be equal to settlement prices. 

Benchmark portfolio assumes no trading commissions vs. BWET that pays 0.04 per ton in commissions per transaction. 

Benchmark portfolio assumes no clearing fees vs BWET that pays approximately 7 per lot in clearing fees per transaction. 

Benchmark portfolio assumes no management fees vs. BWET fee structure. 

Creations and redemptions that lead to transactions in the freight futures market might occur at prices that might be different versus the settlement prices. 

27 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR INDEX LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

The per Share market value of BWET and its NAV
tracked closely for period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. 

NEITHER THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND
NOR THE PRIOR BENCHMARK PORTFOLIO LEVELS AND CHANGES, POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE, SHOULD BE TAKEN AS AN INDICATION OF THE FUND S FUTURE
PERFORMANCE. 

The graph above compares the return of BWET
with the benchmark portfolio returns for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. The difference
in the NAV price and the benchmark value often results in the appearance of a NAV premium or discount to the benchmark. The
difference is related to the cumulative impact on NAV of the Fund s expenses during the period presented in the chart
above. 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 

Fund Share Price Performance 

During the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations)
to June 30, 2023, the NYSE Arca market value of each Share increased (+45.51 from 14.35 per Share, representing the initial trade
on May 3, 2023, to 20.88 per Share, representing the closing price on June 30, 2023. The Share price high and low for the period from
May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023 and related change from the opening Share price on May 3, 2023 was as follows: Shares traded
from a high of 22.92 per Share (+59.72 on June 15, 2023 to a low of 12.47 per Share (-13.10 on May 8, 2023. 

28 

Fund Share Net Asset Performance 

For the
period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, the net asset value of each Share increased (+38.87 from 15.00 per Share to 20.83
per Share. For the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, gains in the investments and futures contracts more than offset
Fund expenses resulting in the overall increase in the NAV per Share during the period. 

Net income
for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, was 1,167,252, resulting from net realized gains on investments and futures
contracts of 375,516, net unrealized gains on investments and futures contracts of 825,287, and the net investment loss of 33,551. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Preparation of the combined financial
statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires the application of
appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. Each Fund s application of these policies involves
judgments and the use of estimates. Actual results may differ from the estimates used and such differences could be material. The
Funds hold a significant portion of their assets in futures contracts and money market funds, which are held at fair value. 

There were no material estimates, which involve
a significant level of estimation uncertainty and had or are reasonably likely to have had a material impact on the Funds financial condition,
used in the preparation of these combined financial statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Funds do not anticipate making use of borrowings
or other lines of credit to meet their obligations. The Funds meet their liquidity needs in the normal course of business from the proceeds
of the sale of their investments or from the cash, and cash equivalents that they hold. The Funds liquidity needs include: redeeming
their shares, providing margin deposits for existing Benchmark Component Instruments, the purchase of additional Benchmark Component Instruments,
and paying expenses. 

The Funds generate cash primarily from (i)
the sale of Creation Baskets and (ii) interest earned on cash, and cash equivalents. Generally, all of the net assets of the Funds
are allocated to trading in Benchmark Component Instruments. Most of the assets of the Funds are held in Freight Futures, cash
and/or cash equivalents that could or are used as margin or collateral for trading in Benchmark Component Instruments. The
percentage that such assets bear to the total net assets will vary from period to period as the market values of the Benchmark
Component Instruments change. Interest earned on interest-bearing assets of the Funds is paid to the Funds. During the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022, BDRY earned 1,255,773 and 33,040, respectively, in interest income. BWET earned 4,478 in interest income
for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. 

The investments of the Funds in Benchmark Component
Instruments could be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other reasons. Such
conditions could prevent the Funds from promptly liquidating a position in Benchmark Component Instruments. Commodity exchanges may limit
fluctuations in certain futures contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as daily limits. During a
single day, no futures trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once the price of a futures contract has increased or
decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in such futures contracts can neither be taken nor liquidated unless the traders
are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. Futures contract prices have occasionally moved to the daily limit for several consecutive
days with little or no trading. Such market conditions could prevent the Funds from promptly liquidating their futures positions. 

Because the Funds trade futures contracts,
their capital is at risk due to changes in the value of these contracts (market risk) or the inability of counter-parties to perform under
the terms of the contracts (credit risk). 

29 

Market Risk 

Trading in Benchmark Component Instruments such
as futures contracts will involve the Funds entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell specific amounts of instruments
at a specified date in the future. The gross or face amount of the contracts is expected to significantly exceed the future cash requirements
of the Funds as the Funds intend to close out any open positions prior to the contractual expiration date. As a result, the Funds 
market risk is the risk of loss arising from the decline in value of the contracts, not from the need to make delivery under the contracts.
The Funds consider the fair value of derivative instruments to be the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts. The market
risk associated with the commitment by the Funds to purchase a specific contract will be limited to the aggregate face amount of the contracts
held. 

The exposure of the Funds to market risk will
depend on a number of factors including the markets for the specific instrument, the volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange
rates, the liquidity of the instrument-specific market and the relationships among the contracts held by the Funds. 

Credit Risk 

When the Funds enters into Benchmark Component
Instruments, they will be exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations. For purposes of credit
risk, the counterparty for the Benchmark Component Instruments traded on or cleared by the futures exchanges is the clearinghouse associated
with those exchanges. In general, clearinghouses are backed by their members who may be required to share in the financial burden resulting
from the nonperformance of one of their members, which should significantly reduce credit risk. There can be no assurance that any counterparty,
clearinghouse, or their financial backers will satisfy their obligations to the Funds. 

The Sponsor will attempt to minimize certain of
these market and credit risks by normally: 

executing and clearing trades with creditworthy counterparties, as determined by the Sponsor; 

limiting the outstanding amounts due from counterparties of the Funds; 

not posting margin directly with a counterparty; and 

limiting the amount of margin or premium posted at the FCM. 

The Commodity Exchange Act CEA requires all FCMs, such as the Funds clearing brokers, to meet and maintain specified fitness and financial requirements, to segregate
customer funds from proprietary funds and account separately for all customers funds and positions, and to maintain specified books
and records open to inspection by the staff of the CFTC. The CFTC has similar authority over introducing brokers, or persons who solicit
or accept orders for commodity interest trades but who do not accept margin deposits for the execution of trades. The CEA authorizes the
CFTC to regulate trading by FCMs and by their officers and directors, permits the CFTC to require action by exchanges in the event of
market emergencies, and establishes an administrative procedure under which customers may institute complaints for damages arising from
alleged violations of the CEA. The CEA also gives the states powers to enforce its provisions and the regulations of the CFTC. 

On November 14, 2013, the CFTC published final
regulations that require enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity
standards, customer disclosures and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. The rules are intended to afford greater assurances to
market participants that customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of
the risks of futures trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust
manner, the capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations and the auditing and examination programs
of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. 

30 

Off Balance Sheet Financing 

As of June 30, 2023, neither the Trust nor the
Funds have any loan guarantees, credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements entered into
in the normal course of business, which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks service providers undertake in
performing services which are in the best interests of the Funds. While the exposure of the Funds under these indemnification provisions
cannot be estimated, they are not expected to have a material impact on the financial position of the Funds. 

Redemption Basket Obligation 

Other than as necessary to meet the investment
objective of the Funds and pay the contractual obligations described below, the Funds will require liquidity to redeem Redemption Baskets.
The Funds intend to satisfy this obligation through the transfer of cash of the Funds (generated, if necessary, through the sale of Freight
Futures) in an amount proportionate to the number of Shares being redeemed. 

Contractual Obligations 

The primary contractual obligations of the Funds
will be with the Sponsor and certain other service providers. 

Breakwave Dry Bulk Shipping ETF 

BDRY pays a Sponsor Fee, monthly in arrears, in
an amount equal to the greater of (i) 0.15 per year of the Fund s average daily net assets; or (ii) 125,000. The Sponsor Fee is
paid in consideration of the Sponsor s management services to the Fund. BDRY also pays Breakwave a license and service fee (the
 CTA Fee monthly in arrears, for the use of BDRY s Benchmark Portfolio in an amount equal to 1.45 per annum of the
Fund s average daily net assets. 

Breakwave Tanker Shipping ETF 

BWET pays a Sponsor Fee, monthly in arrears, in
an amount equal to the greater of (i) 0.30 per year of the Fund s average daily net assets; or (ii) 50,000. The Sponsor Fee is
paid in consideration of the Sponsor s management services to the Fund. BWET also pays Breakwave a license and service fee (the
 CTA Fee monthly in arrears, for the use of BWET s Benchmark Portfolio in an amount equal to 1.45 per annum of the
Fund s average daily net assets. 

Both Funds 

Breakwave has agreed to waive its license and
services fee and the Sponsor has agreed to correspondingly assume the remaining expenses of the Funds so that each Fund s expenses
do not exceed an annual rate of 3.50 , excluding brokerage commissions, interest expense, and extraordinary expenses, of the value of
the Funds average daily net assets (the Expense Cap ). The assumption of expenses and waiver of the license and services
fee are contractual on the part of the Sponsor and Breakwave, respectively, through March 31, 2025. If after that date, the Sponsor and/or
Breakwave no longer assumed expenses or waived the CTA Fee, respectively, the Funds could be adversely impacted, including in their ability
to achieve their investment objectives. 

The Funds currently accrue their daily expenses
based on accrued expense amounts established and monitored by the Sponsor, subject to the Expense Cap. At the end of each month, the
accrued amount is remitted to the Sponsor as the Sponsor has assumed, and is responsible for the payment of, the routine operational,
administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Funds. BDRY aggregated 734,699 and 783,914, of which -0-
 and -0- was waived by Breakwave for the three months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. BWET aggregated 123,053, of
which 7,574 was waived by Breakwave for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. In addition, expenses
assumed by the Sponsor for BDRY aggregated -0- and -0- for the three months ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For
BWET, the Sponsor assumed 77,450 of expenses for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. 

31 

Each Funds ongoing fees, costs and expenses
of its operation, not subject to the Expense Cap include brokerage, brokerage interest and regulatory capital charges and other fees and
commissions incurred in connection with the trading activities of the Funds, and extraordinary expenses (including, but not limited to,
legal claims and liabilities and litigation costs and any indemnification related thereto). Expenses subject to the Expense Cap include
(i) expenses incurred in connection with registering additional Shares of the Funds or offering Shares of the Funds; (ii) the routine
expenses associated with the preparation and, if required, the printing and mailing of monthly, quarterly, annual and other reports required
by applicable U.S. federal and state regulatory authorities, Trust meetings and preparing, printing and mailing proxy statements to Shareholders;
(iii) the routine services of the Trustee, legal counsel and independent accountants; (iv) routine accounting, bookkeeping, custodial
and transfer agency services, whether performed by an outside service provider or by affiliates of the Sponsor; (v) postage and insurance;
(vi) costs and expenses associated with client relations and services; (vii) costs of preparation of all federal, state, local and foreign
tax returns and any taxes payable on the income, assets or operations of the Funds. 

While the Sponsor has agreed to pay registration
fees to the SEC and any other regulatory agency in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares offered through each Fund s
prospectus, the legal, printing, accounting and other expenses associated with such registration, and the initial fee of 7,500 for listing
the Shares on the NYSE Arca, each Fund will be responsible for any registration fees and related expenses incurred in connection with
any future offer and sale of Shares of the Funds in excess of those offered through its prospectus. 

Any general expenses of the Trust will be allocated
among the Funds and any other series of the Trust as determined by the Sponsor in its sole and absolute discretion. The Trust is also
responsible for extraordinary expenses, including, but not limited to, legal claims and liabilities and litigation costs and any indemnification
related thereto. The Trust and/or the Sponsor may be required to indemnify the Trustee, Distributor or Administrator under certain circumstances. 

The parties cannot anticipate the amount of payments
that will be required under these arrangements for future periods as the NAV and trading levels to meet investment objectives for the
Funds will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term agreed upon by the parties with an option
to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of a Fund s existence. The parties may terminate these agreements earlier
for certain reasons listed in the agreements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Not applicable to Smaller Reporting Companies. 

32 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data. 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST
I 

Combined Statements of Assets and
Liabilities 

June 30, 2023 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 
 
 Assets 

Investment in securities, at fair value (cost and , respectively) 

Segregated cash held by broker 

Receivable on open futures contracts 
 -

Interest receivable 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Due to Sponsor 

Payable on open futures contracts 
 
 -

Other accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

Net Assets 

Shares outstanding (unlimited authorized) 

Net asset value per share 

Market value per share 

See accompanying notes to combined financial statements. 

33 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I 

Combined Statements of Assets and Liabilities 

June 30, 2022 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 
 
 Assets 

Investment in securities, at fair value (cost 
 
 -

Segregated cash held by broker 
 
 -

Subscriptions receivable 
 
 -

Interest receivable 
 
 -

Total assets 
 
 -

Liabilities 

Due to Sponsor 
 
 -

Payable on open futures contracts 
 
 -

Other accrued expenses 
 
 -

Total liabilities 
 
 -

Net Assets 
 
 -

Shares outstanding (unlimited authorized) 
 
 -

Net asset value per share 
 
 -

Market value per share 
 
 -

See accompanying notes to
combined financial statements. 

34 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I 

Combined Schedule of Investments 

June 30, 2023 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 

MONEY MARKET FUNDS - and , respectively 

First American US Treasury Obligations Fund, Class X, (a) 

TOTAL MONEY MARKET FUNDS (Cost and , respectively) 

Total Investments (Cost and , respectively) - and , respectively 

Other Assets in Excess of Liabilities - and , respectively (b) 

TOTAL NET ASSETS - and , respectively 

(a) 

(b) 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK SHIPPING ETF 
 Unrealized 
 Unrealized 
 ETF MANAGERS GROUP 
 
 Futures Contracts 
 Appreciation/ 
 Appreciation/ 
 COMMODITY 
 
 June 30, 2023 
 (Depreciation) 
 (Depreciation) 
 TRUST I 

Baltic Capesize Time Charter Expiring July 28, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (620 contracts) 
 
 -

Baltic Capesize Time Charter Expiring August 25, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (620 contracts) 
 
 -

Baltic Capesize Time Charter Expiring September 29, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (620 contracts) 
 
 -

Baltic Exchange Panamax T/C Average Shipping Route Index Expiring July 28, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (810 contracts) 
 
 -

Baltic Exchange Panamax T/C Average Shipping Route Index Expiring August 25, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (810 contracts) 
 
 -

Baltic Exchange Panamax T/C Average Shipping Route Index Expiring September 29, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (810 contracts) 
 
 -

Baltic Exchange Supramax T/C Average Shipping Route Expiring July 28, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (190 contracts) 
 
 -

Baltic Exchange Supramax T/C Average Shipping Route Expiring August 25, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (190 contracts) 
 
 -

Baltic Exchange Supramax T/C Average Shipping Route Expiring September 29, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (190 contracts) 
 
 -

-

BREAKWAVE TANKER SHIPPING ETF 
 Unrealized 
 Unrealized 
 ETF MANAGERS GROUP 
 
 Futures Contracts 
 Appreciation/ 
 Appreciation/ 
 COMMODITY 
 
 June 30, 2023 
 (Depreciation) 
 (Depreciation) 
 TRUST I 

Baltic Freight Route Middle East Gulf to China Expiring July 28, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (90 contracts) 
 -

Baltic Freight Route Middle East Gulf to China Expiring August 25, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (90 contracts) 
 -

Baltic Freight Route Middle East Gulf to China Expiring September 29, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (90 contracts) 
 -

Baltic Freight Route West Africa to UK Continent Expiring July 28, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (5 contracts) 
 -

Baltic Freight Route West Africa to UK Continent Expiring August 25, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (10 contracts) 
 -

Baltic Freight Route West Africa to UK Continent Expiring September 29, 2023 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (5 contracts) 
 -

-

See accompanying notes to
combined financial statements. 

35 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I 

Combined Schedules of Investments 

June 30, 2022 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 

MONEY MARKET FUNDS - 

First American US Treasury Obligations Fund, Class X, (a) 
 
 -

TOTAL MONEY MARKET FUNDS (Cost 
 
 -

Total Investments (Cost - 
 
 -

Other Assets in Excess of Liabilities - (b) 
 
 -

TOTAL NET ASSETS - 
 
 -

(a) 

(b) 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK SHIPPING ETF 
 Unrealized 
 ETF MANAGERS GROUP 
 
 Futures Contracts 
 Appreciation/ 
 COMMODITY 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 (Depreciation) 
 TRUST I 

Baltic Capesize Time Charter Expiring July 29, 2022 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (275 contracts) 

Baltic Capesize Time Charter Expiring August 26, 2022 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (275 contracts) 

Baltic Capesize Time Charter Expiring September 23, 2022 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (275 contracts) 

Baltic Exchange Panamax T/C Average Shipping Route Index Expiring July 29, 2022 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (270 contracts) 

Baltic Exchange Panamax T/C Average Shipping Route Index Expiring August 26, 2022 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (270 contracts) 

Baltic Exchange Panamax T/C Average Shipping Route Index Expiring September 23, 2022 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (270 contracts) 

Baltic Exchange Supramax T/C Average Shipping Route Expiring July 29, 2022 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (60 contracts) 

Baltic Exchange Supramax T/C Average Shipping Route Expiring August 26, 2022 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (60 contracts) 

Baltic Exchange Supramax T/C Average Shipping Route Expiring September 23, 2022 (Underlying Face Amount at Market Value - (60 contracts) 

See accompanying notes to combined financial
statements. 

36 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I 

Combined Statements of Operations 

Year Ended Ended June 30, 2023 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 
 
 Investment Income 

Interest 

Expenses 

Sponsor fee 

CTA fee 

Audit fees 

Tax preparation fees 

Admin/accounting/custodian/transfer agent fees 

Legal fees 

Chief Compliance Officer fees 

Principal Financial Officer fees 

Regulatory reporting fees 

Brokerage commissions 

Distribution fees 

NJ Filing fees 

Insurance expense 

Listing and calculation agent fees 

Marketing expenses 

Other expenses 

Website Support and Marketing Materials 

Printing and Postage 

Wholesale support fees 

Interest expense 
 
 -

Total Expenses 

Less: Waiver of CTA fee 

Less: Expenses absorbed by Sponsor 
 -

Net Expenses 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investment Activity 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) on 

Investments, and futures contracts 

Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) on 

Investments, and futures contracts 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

Net income (loss) 

See accompanying notes to combined financial statements. 

37 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I 

Combined Statements
of Operations 

Year Ended Ended June 30, 2022 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 
 
 Investment Income 

Interest 
 
 -

Expenses 

Sponsor fee 
 
 -

CTA fee 
 
 -

Audit fees 
 
 -

Tax preparation fees 
 
 -

Admin/accounting/custodian/transfer agent fees 
 
 -

Legal fees 
 
 -

Chief Compliance Officer fees 
 
 -

Principal Financial Officer fees 
 
 -

Regulatory reporting fees 
 
 -

Brokerage commissions 
 
 -

Distribution fees 
 
 -

NJ Filing fees 
 
 -

Insurance expense 
 
 -

Listing and calculation agent fees 
 
 -

Marketing expenses 
 
 -

Amortization of offering costs 
 
 -

Other expenses 
 
 -

Website support and marketing materials 
 
 -

Printing and Postage 
 
 -

Wholesale support fees 
 
 -

Interest expense 
 
 -

Total Expenses 
 
 -

Less: Waiver of CTA fee 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Less: Expenses absorbed by Sponsor 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net Expenses 
 
 -

Net Investment Income (Loss) 
 
 -

Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investment Activity 

Net Realized Gain (Loss) on 

Investments, futures and options contracts 
 
 -

Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss) on 

Investments, futures and options contracts 
 
 -

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 
 
 -

Net income (loss) 
 
 -

See accompanying notes to
combined financial statements. 

38 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I 

Combined Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 

Net Assets at Beginning of Year 
 
 -

Increase (decrease) in Net Assets from share transactions 

Addition of and shares, respectively 

Redemption of and - - shares, respectively 
 
 -

Net increase (decrease) in Net Assets from share transactions 

Increase (decrease) in Net Assets from operations 

Net investment income (loss) 

Net realized gain (loss) 

Change in net unrealized gain (loss) 

Net increase (decrease) in Net Assets from operations 

Net Assets at End of Year 

See accompanying notes to combined financial statements. 

39 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I 

Combined Statements
of Changes in Net Assets 

Year Ended June 30, 2022 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 

Net Assets at Beginning of Year 
 
 -

Increase (decrease) in Net Assets from share transactions 

Addition of shares 
 
 -

Redemption of shares 
 
 -

Net increase (decrease) in Net Assets from share transactions 
 
 - 

Increase (decrease) in Net Assets from operations 

Net investment income (loss) 
 
 - 

Net realized gain (loss) 
 
 -

Change in net unrealized gain (loss) 
 
 -

Net increase (decrease) in Net Assets from operations 
 
 -

Net Assets at End of Year 
 
 -

See accompanying notes to
combined financial statements. 

40 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I 

Combined Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 

Cash flows provided by/used in operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by/used in operating activities: 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Sale (Purchase) of investments - net 

Decrease in subscriptions receivable 
 
 -

Increase in interest receivable 

Increase in receivable on open futures contracts 
 -

Increase in payable on open futures contracts 
 
 -

Increase (decrease) in due to Sponsor 

Increase (decrease) in other accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from sale of shares 

Paid on redemption of shares 
 
 -

Net cash provided by/used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash, beginning of year 
 
 -

Cash and restricted cash, end of year 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and
 restricted cash reported within the Combined Statements of Assets and Liabilities that sum to the total of such amounts shown on the
 Combined Statements of Cash Flows. 

Cash 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Segregated cash held by broker 

Total cash and restricted cash as shown on the combined statements of cash
 flows. 

See accompanying notes to combined financial statements. 

41 

ETF MANAGERS GROUP COMMODITY TRUST I 

Combined Statements
of Cash Flows 

Year Ended June 30, 2022 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK 
 BREAKWAVE TANKER 

SHIPPING 
ETF 
 SHIPPING 
ETF 
 COMBINED 

Cash flows provided by/used in operating activities 

Net income (loss) 
 
 -

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by/used in operating activities: 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 
 
 -

Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on investments 
 
 -

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Sale (Purchase) of investments - net 
 
 -

Increase in interest receivable 
 
 -

Decrease in receivable on open futures contracts 
 
 -

Increase in payable on open futures contracts 
 
 -

Decrease in prepaid expenses 
 
 -

Increase (decrease) in due to Sponsor 
 
 -

Decrease in other accrued expenses 
 
 -

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from sale of shares 
 
 -

Paid on redemption of shares 
 
 -

Net cash provided by/used in financing activities 
 
 -

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 
 
 -

Cash and restricted cash, beginning of year 
 
 -

Cash and restricted cash, end of year 
 
 -

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash
 and restricted cash reported within the Statements of Assets and Liabilities that sum to the total of such amounts shown on the Statements
 of Cash Flows. 

Cash 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Segregated cash held by broker 
 
 -

Total cash and restricted cash as shown on the statement of cash flows. 
 
 -

See accompanying notes to
combined financial statements. 

42 

ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I 

Notes to Combined Financial Statements 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

exposure in Capesize Freight Futures contracts, exposure in Panamax Freight
Futures contracts and exposure in Supramax Freight Futures contracts. The BDRY Benchmark Portfolio does not include and BDRY does
not invest in swaps, non-cleared dry bulk freight forwards or other over-the-counter derivative instruments that are not cleared through
exchanges or clearing houses. BDRY may hold exchange-traded options on Freight Futures. The BDRY Benchmark Portfolio is maintained by
Breakwave and will be rebalanced annually. The Freight Futures currently constituting the BDRY Benchmark Portfolio, as well as the daily
holdings of BDRY are available on BDRY s website at www.drybulketf.com. 

43 

to of the notional value of each Freight Futures
position at the time it is established. These margin requirements are established and subject to change from time to time by the relevant
exchanges, clearing houses or BDRY s FCM, Marex Financial Ltd (formerly ED F Man Capital Markets, Inc.). On a daily basis, BDRY
is obligated to pay, or entitled to receive, variation margin in an amount equal to the change in the daily settlement level of its Freight
Futures positions. Any assets not required to be posted as margin with the FCM may be held at BDRY s custodian or remain with the
FCM in cash or cash equivalents, as discussed below. 

BDRY was created to provide investors with a cost-effective
and convenient way to gain exposure to daily changes in the price of Freight Futures. BDRY is intended to be used as a diversification
opportunity as part of a complete portfolio, not a complete investment program. 

The Fund will incur certain expenses in connection
with its operations. The Fund will hold cash or cash equivalents such as U.S. Treasuries or other high credit quality, short-term fixed-income
or similar securities for direct investment or as collateral for the Treasury Instruments and for other liquidity purposes and to meet
redemptions that may be necessary on an ongoing basis. These expenses and income from the cash and cash equivalent holdings may cause
imperfect correlation between changes in the Fund s net asset value NAV and changes in the Benchmark Portfolio,
because the Benchmark Portfolio does not reflect expenses or income. 

The Fund seeks to trade its positions prior to
maturity; accordingly, natural market forces may cost the Fund while rebalancing. Each time the Fund seeks to reconstitute its positions,
barring movement in the underlying securities, the futures and option prices may be higher or lower. Such differences in price, barring
a movement in the price of the underlying security, will constitute roll yield and may inhibit the Fund s ability
to achieve its investment objective. 

Several factors determine the total return from
investing in a futures contract position. One factor that impacts the total return that will result from investing in near month futures
contracts and rolling those contracts forward each month is the price relationship between the current near month contract
and the next month contract. 

The CTA will close existing positions when it
determines it would be appropriate to do so and reinvest the proceeds in other positions. Positions may also be closed out to meet orders
for redemption baskets. 

BWET commenced investment operations on May 3,
2023. BWET commenced trading on NYSE Arca on May 3, 2023 and trades under the symbol BWET. 

The value of the TD3C Index and the TD20 Index
is disseminated at 4:00 p.m. London Time by the Baltic Exchange. Such Reference Index information also is widely disseminated by Reuters,
Bloomberg and/or other major market data vendors. 

44 

exposure in
TD3C Freight Futures contracts and exposure in TD20 Freight Futures contracts to maturity and settles them in cash. At any given time,
the average maturity of the futures held by the Fund will be approximately 50 to 70 days. 

The BWET Benchmark Portfolio does not include
and BWET does not invest in swaps, non-cleared freight forwards or other over-the-counter derivative instruments that are not cleared
through exchanges or clearing houses. BWET may hold exchange-traded options on Freight Futures. The BWET Benchmark Portfolio is maintained
by Breakwave and will be rebalanced annually. The Freight Futures currently constituting the BWET Benchmark Portfolio, as well as the
daily holdings of BWET are available on BWET s website at www.tankeretf.com. 

When establishing positions in Freight Futures,
BWET will be required to deposit initial margin with a value of approximately to of the notional value of each Freight Futures
position at the time it is established. These margin requirements are established and subject to change from time to time by the relevant
exchanges, clearing houses or BWET s FCM, Marex Financial Ltd. On a daily basis, BWET is obligated to pay, or entitled to receive,
variation margin in an amount equal to the change in the daily settlement level of its Freight Futures positions. Any assets not required
to be posted as margin with the FCM may be held at BWET s custodian or remain with the FCM in cash or cash equivalents, as discussed
below. 

BWET was created to provide investors with a cost-effective
and convenient way to gain exposure to daily changes in the price of Freight Futures. BWET is intended to be used as a diversification
opportunity as part of a complete portfolio, not a complete investment program. 

The Fund will incur certain expenses in connection
with its operations. The Fund will hold cash or cash equivalents such as U.S. Treasuries or other high credit quality, short-term fixed-income
or similar securities for direct investment or as collateral for the Treasury Instruments and for other liquidity purposes and to meet
redemptions that may be necessary on an ongoing basis. The Fund may also realize interest income from its holdings in U.S. Treasuries
or other market rate instruments. These expenses and income from the cash and cash equivalent holdings may cause imperfect correlation
between changes in the Fund s net asset value NAV and changes in the Benchmark Portfolio, because the Benchmark
Portfolio does not reflect expenses or income. 

The Fund seeks to trade its positions prior to
maturity; accordingly, natural market forces may cost the Fund while rebalancing. Each time the Fund seeks to reconstitute its positions,
barring movement in the underlying securities, the futures and option prices may be higher or lower. Such differences in price, barring
a movement in the price of the underlying security, will constitute roll yield and may inhibit the Fund s ability
to achieve its investment objective. 

Several factors determine the total return from
investing in a futures contract position. One factor that impacts the total return that will result from investing in near month futures
contracts and rolling those contracts forward each month is the price relationship between the current near month contract
and the next month contract. 

The CTA will close existing positions when it
determines it would be appropriate to do so and reinvest the proceeds in other positions. Positions may also be closed out to meet orders
for redemption baskets. 

45 

46 

a 
 
 )b 

a 
 
 )b 

a 
 
 b 

47 

48 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK SHIPPING ETF 

 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments, as of June
30, 2022 

Represents cumulative depreciation of futures contracts as reported in the Combined Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

BREAKWAVE DRY BULK SHIPPING ETF 

 The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Combined
Statements of Operations 

 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 

) 
 ) 

The futures contracts open at June 30, 2023 are indicative of the activity for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

49 

) 

The futures contracts open at June 30, 2022 are
indicative of the activity for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

BREAKWAVE TANKER SHIPPING ETF 

 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments, as of June
30, 2023 

-

BREAKWAVE TANKER SHIPPING ETF 

 The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Combined
Statements of Operations 

 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 

The futures contracts open at June 30, 2023 are
indicative of the activity for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. 

of its average daily net assets, or . BDRY also pays an
annual fee to Breakwave, monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to of BDRY s average daily net assets. Breakwave has
agreed to waive its CTA fee to the extent necessary, and the Sponsor has voluntarily agreed to correspondingly assume the remaining
expenses of BDRY such that Fund expenses do not exceed an annual rate of , excluding brokerage commissions, interest expense,
and extraordinary expenses, if any, of the value of BDRY s average daily net assets through March 31, 2025 (the BDRY
Expense Cap . The assumption of expenses by the Sponsor and waiver of BDRY s CTA fee are contractual on the part of the
Sponsor and Breakwave, respectively. 

50 

and - - for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed in the Combined
Statements of Operations. Effective September 1, 2022 Breakwave may, during the term of the waiver agreement, recoup any fees waived pursuant
to the contract; however, the Fund will only make repayments to Breakwave if such repayment does not cause the Fund s expense ratio
after the repayment is taken into account, to exceed either (i) the expense cap in place at the time such amounts were waived, or (ii)
the Fund s current expense cap. Such recoupment is limited to three years from the date the amount is initially waived. At June
30, 2023, BDRY is not subject to potential future repayments to Breakwave. 

BWET pays the Sponsor an annual Sponsor Fee,
monthly in arrears, in an amount calculated as the greater of of its average daily net assets, or . BWET also pays an
annual CTA license and service fee to Breakwave, monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to of BDRY s average daily net
assets. Breakwave has agreed to waive its CTA fee to the extent necessary, and the Sponsor has voluntarily agreed to correspondingly
assume the remaining expenses of BWET such that Fund expenses do not exceed an annual rate of , excluding brokerage
commissions, interest expense, and extraordinary expenses, if any, of the value of BWET s average daily net assets through
March 31, 2025 (the BWET Expense Cap ). The assumption of expenses by the Sponsor and waiver of BWET s CTA fee
are contractual on the part of the Sponsor and Breakwave, respectively. 

The waiver of BWET s CTA fees,
pursuant to the undertaking, amounted to for the period from May 3, 2023 to June 30, 2023 as disclosed in the Combined
Statements of Operations. Breakwave may, during the term of the waiver agreement, recoup any fees waived pursuant to the contract;
however, the Fund will only make repayments to Breakwave if such repayment does not cause the Fund s expense ratio after the
repayment is taken into account, to exceed either (i) the expense cap in place at the time such amounts were waived, or (ii) the
Fund s current expense cap. Such recoupment is limited to three years from the date the amount is initially waived. At June
30, 2023, BWET is subject to potential future repayments of to Breakwave. The potential future repayments expire during the
year ending June 30, 2026 as follows: May 31, 2026 - and June 30, 2026 - . 

The Funds currently accrue their daily
expenses up to the applicable Expense Cap, or, if less, at accrual estimates established by the Sponsor. At the end of each month,
the accrued amount is remitted to the Sponsor as the Sponsor has assumed, and is responsible for the payment of the routine
operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of the Funds in excess of the Fund s respective Expense Cap, which in
the case of BDRY, aggregated - - and -0- for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed in the Combined
Statements of Operations. In the case of BWET, expenses absorbed by the Sponsor aggregated for the period from May 3, 2023
(commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023 as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. 

(b) The Administrator, Custodian, Fund Accountant and Transfer Agent 

Each Fund has appointed U.S. Bank, a national
banking association, with its principal office in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the custodian (the Custodian ). Its affiliate,
U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, is the Fund accountant the Fund accountant of the Funds, transfer agent (the Transfer
Agent for Fund shares and administrator for the Funds (the Administrator ). It performs certain administrative and
accounting services for the Funds and prepares certain SEC, NFA and CFTC reports on behalf of the Fund. (U.S. Bank and U.S. Bancorp Fund
Services are referred to collectively hereinafter as U.S. Bank ). 

51 

of average assets under management AUM ), with a minimum annual fee payable
for its administrative, accounting and transfer agent services and of AUM, with an annual minimum of for custody services.
BDRY paid U.S. Bank and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed in the Combined Statements
of Operations. BWET paid U.S. Bank for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. 

(c)
The Distributor 

Each
Fund pays ETFMG Financial LLC. (the Distributor ), an affiliate of the Sponsor, an annual fee for statutory and wholesaling
distribution services and related administrative services equal to the greater of or of the Fund s average daily
net assets, payable monthly. Pursuant to the respective Marketing Agent Agreements between the Sponsor, each Fund and the Distributor,
the Distributor assists the Sponsor and the applicable Fund with certain functions and duties relating to distribution and marketing
services to the applicable Fund, including reviewing and approving marketing materials and certain regulatory compliance matters. The
Distributor also assists with the processing of creation and redemption orders. 

BDRY
incurred and in distribution and related administrative services for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. BWET incurred in distribution and related administrative
services for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023 as disclosed in the Combined Statements of
Operations. 

BWET pays the Sponsor an annual fee for wholesale support services of plus of BWET s average daily net assets,
payable monthly. 

BDRY
incurred and in wholesale support fees for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as disclosed in
the Combined Statements of Operations. BWET incurred in wholesale support fees for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement
of operations) to June 30, 2023, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. 

(d)
The Commodity Broker 

Marex
Financial Ltd., registered in England, serves as each Fund s clearing broker, (the Commodity Broker ). In its capacity
as clearing broker, the Commodity Broker executes and clears each Fund s futures transactions and performs certain administrative
services for the Funds. 

The
Funds pay respective brokerage commissions, including applicable exchange fees, National Futures Association NFA fees,
give-up fees, pit brokerage fees and other transaction related fees and expenses charged in connection with trading activities in CFTC
regulated investments. Brokerage commissions on futures contracts are recognized on a half-turn basis. 

The
Sponsor does not expect annual brokerage commissions and fees to exceed for BDRY and for BWET (excluding the impact on
each Fund of creation and/or redemption activity) of the net asset value of BDRY and BWET, respectively, for execution and clearing
services on behalf of the Funds, although the actual amount of brokerage commissions and fees in any year or any part of any year
may be greater. The effects of trading spreads, financing costs associated with financial instruments, and costs relating to the
purchase of freight futures or similar high credit quality short-term fixed-income or similar securities are not included in the
foregoing analysis. BDRY incurred and in brokerage commissions and fees for the years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, respectively, as disclosed in the Combined Statements of Operations. BWET incurred in brokerage commissions and fees
for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023 as disclosed in the Combined Statement of
Operations. 

52 

and , respectively, in trustee fees for years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, which is included in Other Expenses in the Combined Statements of Operations. BWET incurred 397 in trustee fees for the period
from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. 

(f)
Routine Offering, Operational, Administrative and Other Ordinary Expenses 

The
Sponsor, in accordance with the BDRY Expense Cap limitation paid, after the waiver of a portion of the CTA fee for BDRY by Breakwave,
all of the routine offering, operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of BDRY in excess of (excluding brokerage
commissions and interest expense) of BDRY s average daily net assets, including, but not limited to, accounting and computer services,
the fees and expenses of the Trustee, Administrator, Custodian, Transfer Agent and Distributor, legal and accounting fees and expenses,
tax return preparation expenses, filing fees, and printing, mailing and duplication costs. BDRY incurred and , respectively,
during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 in routine offering, operational, administrative or other ordinary expenses. 

The
CTA fee waiver for BDRY by Breakwave was and - -, respectively, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

The
Sponsor, in accordance with the BWET Expense Cap limitation paid, after the waiver of a portion of the CTA fee for BWET by
Breakwave, all of the routine offering, operational, administrative and other ordinary expenses of BWET in excess of 
(excluding brokerage commissions and interest expense) of BWET s average daily net assets, including, but not limited to,
accounting and computer services, the fees and expenses of the Trustee, Administrator, Custodian, Transfer Agent and Distributor,
legal and accounting fees and expenses, tax return preparation expenses, filing fees, and printing, mailing and duplication costs.
BWET incurred for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023 in routine offering,
operational, administrative or other ordinary expenses. 

The
CTA fee waiver for BDRY by Breakwave was for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30,
2023. 

In
addition, the assumption of Fund expenses above the BWET Expense Cap by the Sponsor, pursuant to the undertaking (as discussed in Note
4a), amounted to for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023. 

(g)
Organizational and Offering Costs 

Expenses
incurred in connection with organizing BDRY and BWET and up to the offering of its Shares upon commencement of its investment operations
on March 22, 2018 and May 3, 2023, respectively, were paid by the Sponsor and Breakwave without reimbursement. 

Accordingly,
all such expenses are not reflected in the Combined Statements of Operations. The Funds will bear the costs of their continuous offering
of Shares and ongoing offering expenses. Such ongoing offering costs will be included as a portion of the Routine Offering, Operational,
Administrative and Other Ordinary Expenses. These costs will include registration fees for regulatory agencies and all legal, accounting,
printing and other expenses associated therewith. These costs will be accounted for as a deferred charge and thereafter amortized to
expense over twelve months on a straight-line basis or a shorter period if warranted. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2021 the Sponsor, in order to maintain the continuous offering of Shares undertook to register additional shares
of BDRY, the costs of which were borne by the Fund and aggregated , of which was amortized to expense during the year
ended June 30, 2022. 

53 

shares of the particular Fund. Baskets may be created or redeemed only by Authorized Participants. 

Except
when aggregated in Creation or Redemption Baskets, the shares are not redeemable securities. Retail investors, therefore, generally will
not be able to purchase or redeem shares directly from or with the Fund. Rather, most retail investors will purchase or sell shares in
the secondary market with the assistance of a broker. Thus, some of the information contained in these Notes to Combined Financial Statements
 such as references to the Transaction Fee imposed on creations and redemptions is not relevant to retail investors. 

(a)
Transaction Fees on Creation and Redemption Transactions 

In
connection with orders to create and redeem one or more Creation or Redemption Baskets, an Authorized Participant is required to pay
a transaction fee, or AP Transaction Fee, of per BDRY or BWET order, which goes directly to the Custodian.
The AP Transaction Fees are paid by the Authorized Participants and not by the Funds. 

(b)

BREAKWAVE
DRY BULK SHIPPING ETF 

Shares Redeemed 
 
 ) 
 
 Net Increase 

BREAKWAVE
DRY BULK SHIPPING ETF 

Shares Redeemed 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net Decrease 
 ) 
 ) 

BREAKWAVE
TANKER SHIPPING ETF 

Shares Redeemed 
 -
 
 -

Net Increase 

54 

of global oil production.
Sanctions put in place to limit the exports of crude oil and refined products from Russia has caused a reshuffling in tanker trade patterns
and has led to increasing volatility in tanker freight rates. With limited seaborne crude exports out of Russia, refiners and oil traders
have been seeking alternative sources for feedstock crude, causing major disruptions in the traditional crude oil trading patterns. Volatility
in tanker rates has increased, especially for tankers carrying refined products. As volatility of spot charter rates increases, higher
trading volumes in freight futures would be expected as market participants tend to increase their hedging requirements. In addition,
oil price volatility has increased significantly, impacting tanker spot rate freight rates. 

In
addition, The People s Republic of China China accounts for a sizable part of oil demand, and changes in the economic
and political environment in China and policies adopted by the government to regulate its economy may have a material adverse effect
on tanker charter rates and as a result, Freight Futures. 

55 

56 

-

Net investment income (loss) 

-

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) 

-

Net Income (Loss) 

-

Net Asset Value per Share, end of year 

-

Market Value per Share, end of year 

-

Ratios to Average Net Assets 

Expense Ratio 

-

Expense Ratio before Waiver/Assumption 

-

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

-

Total Return, at Net Asset Value 

-

Total Return, at Market Value 

-

of average daily net assets, plus brokerage commissions, interest expense, and extraordinary
expenses, if any. 

of the Fund s average daily net assets, with a minimum of approximately payable annually. Pursuant to the
Marketing Agent Agreement between the Sponsor, the Funds and Foreside, Foreside assists the Sponsor and the Funds with certain
functions and duties relating to distribution and marketing services to the Funds, including reviewing and approving marketing
materials and certain regulatory compliance matters. Foresides also assists with the processing of creation and redemption orders.
Foreside s principal business address is Three Canal Plaza, Suite 100, Portland, ME 04101. Foreside is a broker-dealer
registered with FINRA. 

The Sponsor intends to withdraw as sponsor of the Trust and the Funds and appoint Amplify Investments LLC, or an affiliate Amplify ),
to serve as sponsor of the Trust, commencing upon the resignation of the Sponsor (the Sponsor Replacement ). Amplify will thereafter
serve as sole sponsor of the Trust and intends to carry on the business of the Trust and the Funds. It is expected that the Sponsor Replacement
will occur during the fourth quarter of 2023, subject to certain conditions, including, but not limited to, the registration of Amplify
as a CPO with the CFTC. It is not expected that the Sponsor Replacement will affect the Trust, its shareholders or an investment in the
Funds shares in any way. 

57 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Sponsor and Shareholders of 

ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We have audited the following: 

The accompanying statements of assets and
liabilities of Breakwave Dry Bulk Shipping ETF BDRY and Breakwave Tanker Shipping ETF BWET (collectively
the Funds ), (each a series of ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I (the Trust ), including the
schedules of investments of the Funds and the combined schedules of the Trust, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related combined statements
of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows of the Trust for the years then ended, and the related notes; 

the accompanying statement of operations of Breakwave
Tanker Shipping ETF BWET ), a series of the Trust, including changes in net assets and cash flows for the period from May 3,
2023 (date of commencement) to June 30, 2023 and the related notes; 

The above are collectively referred to as the
 financial statements. 

In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Funds and the Trust as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Funds and the Trust s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Funds and Trust s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Funds and the Trust in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

We have served as the Trust's and Funds' auditor since 2014. 

New York, NY 

September 26, 2023 

58 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The
Trust and the Funds maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be
disclosed in the Trust s periodic reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The
duly appointed officers of the Sponsor, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the
effectiveness of the Trust s and the Funds disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls
and procedures of the Trust and the Funds have been effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
of the Sponsor, on behalf of the Trust and the Funds are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. The Trust and the Funds internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Sponsor
regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Management
of the Sponsor, including Matthew Bromberg, Principal Executive Officer of the Sponsor, and John A. Flanagan, Principal Financial Officer
of the Sponsor, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Trust
if the Trust had any officers, assessed the effectiveness of the Trust s and the Funds internal control over financial reporting
as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, it used the criteria in the Internal Control - Integrated framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on the assessment, Management believes that, as of June 30, 2023,
the internal control over financial reporting is effective for the Trust and the Funds. 

Change
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Trust s or the Funds internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s or the Funds internal control over
financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None
of the Sponsor s officers have adopted, modified or terminated trading plans under either a Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933) for the Trust or the Funds for the
three months ended June 30, 2023. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

59 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
Sponsor and its Management 

Neither
the Trust nor the Funds have executive officers. Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreements for the Funds, the Fund s affairs
are managed by the Sponsor. The business and affairs of the Sponsor are managed by its chief executive officer, Matthew J. Bromberg. 

The
following are individual Principals, as that term is defined in CFTC Rule 3.1, for the Sponsor: Samuel R. Masucci, III, Bernard
Karol, Matthew J. Bromberg, John A. Flanagan. Mr. Bromberg and Mr. Flanagan are principals due to their positions. Messrs. Masucci
and Karol are principals due to their ownership stakes in ETFMG. 

John
A. Flanagan. Mr. Flanagan serves as the Principal Financial Officer of the Sponsor and the Trust. Mr. Flanagan was listed as
a principal, as that term is defined in CFTC Rule 3.1, of the Sponsor on January 8, 2015. Since June 2014, Mr. Flanagan has served as
an Independent Trustee of Absolute Shares Trust, a multi-series exchange traded fund. Mr. Flanagan has been the President and sole owner
of John A. Flanagan CPA, LLC since December 2010. Mr. Flanagan was Chief Financial Officer of MacroMarkets LLC, an exchange traded fund
issuer from January 2007 to December 2010. 

Matthew
J. Bromberg. Mr. Bromberg has been General Counsel of Exchange Traded Managers Group LLC ETFMG ), the parent of
the Sponsor, since April 1, 2020, Chief Operating Officer of ETFMG since September 1, 2022, Chief Compliance Officer of the Sponsor since
October 26, 2022, and Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Sponsor since July 17, 2023. He was listed as a principal, as that term
is defined in CFTC Rule 3.1, of the Sponsor on October 21, 2020. In these roles, Mr. Bromberg has general and active management and control
of the business and affairs of the Sponsor, and he has responsibilities for all legal affairs of ETFMG s and the Sponsor s
business, as well as implementation of the Sponsor s compliance program. Mr. Bromberg has been General Counsel of ETF Managers
Group LLC, an investment adviser affiliate of ETFMG and the Sponsor, since April 1, 2020, and Chief Compliance Officer of ETF Managers
Group LLC since October 26, 2022. He was listed as a principal of ETF Managers Group LLC from March 10, 2022 to December 14, 2022. He
was a Partner at the law firm Dorsey Whitney LLP from September 2019 through March 2020, where he counseled clients on investment
management and financial services matters. He was also General Counsel of Millington Securities, Inc. and WBI Investments, Inc., registered
investment advisers, from February 2016 to September 2019 and a Partner at the law firm Reed Smith LLP from August 2015 through January
2016. 

Commodity
Trading Advisor 

Breakwave 

The
Sponsor has also entered into a Licensing and Services Agreement with Breakwave. Under this agreement, Breakwave has agreed to compose
and maintain the BDRY and BWET Benchmark Portfolios and license to the Sponsor the use of the BDRY and BWET Benchmark Portfolios. 

Breakwave
is a limited liability company. The following individual is the President, sole investment professional and Principal, as that term is
defined in CFTC Rule 3.1: 

John
Kartsonas . John Kartsonas is the Principal and Managing Partner of Breakwave Advisors LLC., a Commodity Trading Advisory firm
based in New York. Mr. Kartsonas was listed as a principal of the Sponsor on May 17, 2017. He has been a registered associated person
and an NFA associate member of Breakwave since May 17, 2017. From 2017 to the present Mr. Kartsonas has also served as a Director of
Seanergy Maritime, an international shipping company listed in the Nasdaq Capital Market. Prior to that, Mr. Kartsonas was a Senior Portfolio
Manager at Carlyle Commodity Management from October 2012 to January 2017, a commodity-focused investment firm based in New York and
part of the Carlyle Group. He was responsible for the firm s Shipping and Freight investments. During his tenure, he managed one
of the largest freight futures funds globally. Mr. Kartsonas received his MBA from the Simon School of Business, University of Rochester. 

60 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Sponsor has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics which applies to all of its officers (including
senior financial officers) and employees; the Sponsor s Code of Ethics covers all officers and employees that manage the Trust
and the Funds. A printed copy of the Code of Ethics is available to any person free of charge, upon request, by contracting the Sponsor
at: 

ETF
Managers Group Commodity Trust I 

c/o
ETF Managers Capital LLC 

30
Maple Street 

Suite
2 

Summit,
NJ 07901 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
Funds have no employees, officers or directors and are managed by the Sponsor. None of the directors or officers of the Sponsor receive
compensation from the Funds. 

The
Sponsor receives a management fee from BDRY, monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to the greater of 0.15 per annum on the daily NAV
of BDRY or 125,000. The Sponsor receives a management fee from BWET, monthly in arrears, in an amount equal to the greater of 0.30 
per annum on the daily NAV of BWET or 50,000. The Sponsor has contractually agreed to assume the Funds expenses (excluding brokerage
fees, interest expense, and extraordinary expenses) in order to cap each Funds total annual expenses at 3.50 per annum through March 31, 2025. The management fees paid to the Sponsor by BDRY amounted to 128,597 and 131,335 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, respectively. The management fees paid to the Sponsor by BWET amounted to 8,083 for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of
operations) to June 30, 2023. 

The
Sponsor also provides Principal Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Regulatory Reporting and Wholesale Support services to the
Funds. The fees for each service provided to BDRY for the year ended June 30, 2023, all of which had been paid, or accrued, at June 30,
2023, were as follows: 

Service 
 BDRY Amount 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 24,999 
 
 Chief Compliance Officer 
 24,999 
 
 Regulatory Reporting 
 24,999 
 
 Legal 
 45,002 
 
 Wholesale Support 
 87,902 

The
fees for the above services provided to BWET for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2023, all of which
had been paid, or accrued, at June 30, 2023, were as follows: 

Service 
 BWET Amount 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 4,041 
 
 Chief Compliance Officer 
 4,041 
 
 Regulatory Reporting 
 4,041 
 
 Legal 
 7.274 
 
 Wholesale Support 
 3,209 

In
addition to the above, the Distributor provides Distribution services to the Funds. The fees for Distribution services paid to the Distributor
were 15,707 for BDRY for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2,539 for BWET for the period from May 3, 2023 (commencement of operations)
to June 30, 2023. 

61 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners. The following table sets forth shares as of June 30, 2023, information with respect to each person
known to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding shares of any series in the Trust: 

Series of the Trust 
 Name 
 and Address 
 of 
 Beneficial Owner 
 Amount 
 and nature 
 of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of 
 Class 
 
 BDRY 

BWET 
 Jane
 Street Group LLC 
250 Vesey Street 
Sixth Floor 
New York, NY 10281 
 179,350 shares 
 89.63 

Security
Ownership of Management. 

None
of the directors or executive officers of the Sponsor owns any shares of the Funds. 

Change
in Control. 

The
Sponsor intends to withdraw as sponsor of the Trust and the Funds and appoint Amplify Investments LLC, or an affiliate Amplify ), to
serve as sponsor of the Trust, commencing upon the resignation of the Sponsor (the Sponsor Replacement ). Amplify will thereafter serve
as sole sponsor of the Trust and intends to carry on the business of the Trust and the Funds. It is expected that the Sponsor Replacement
will occur during the fourth quarter of 2023, subject to certain conditions, including, but not limited to, the registration of Amplify
as a CPO with the CFTC. It is not expected that the Sponsor Replacement will affect the Trust, its shareholders or an investment in the
Funds shares in any way. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

See
Items 11 and 12. 

Neither
the Trust nor the Funds entered into any transaction in excess of 120,000 in which any related person had a direct or indirect material
interest and the Trust and the Funds do not propose to enter into any such transaction. 

Director
Independence 

As
an unincorporated entity, the registrant does not have a Board of Directors. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
fees for services accrued and/or billed to BDRY and to BWET by its independent auditors for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were
as follows: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 98,000 
 69,847 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 221,641 
 461,064 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 319,641 
 530,911 

Approval
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Services and Fees 

The
Sponsor approved all of the services provided by WithumSmith+Brown, PC to the Funds described above. The Sponsor pre-approves all audit
and allowed non-audit services of the Funds independent registered public accounting firm, including all engagement fees and terms. 

62 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

1. 
 See Index to Financial
 Statements on page 33. 

2. 
 No financial statement
 schedules are filed herewith because (i) such schedules are not required or (ii) the information required has been presented in the
 aforementioned financial statements. 

3. 
 Exhibits required to be
 filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit
Index 

Listed
below are the exhibits which are filed or furnished as part of this annual report on Form 10-K (according to the number assigned to them
in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

3.1(a) 
 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement No. 333-199190, filed on January 12, 2015.) 

3.1(b) 
 
 Instrument Establishing the Fund. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on October 6, 2017.) 

3.1(c) 
 
 Amended Exhibit C to the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement of the Trust. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on October 6, 2017.) 

3.1(d) 
 
 Instrument Establishing the Fund. (Incorporated by reference to Form S-1, Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on August 17, 2022.) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Trust of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on October 6, 2017. 

4.1 
 
 Description of the Trust s securities. (Incorporated by reference to the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on September 30, 2019.) 

10.1 
 
 Form of Authorized Participant Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-199190, filed on January 28, 2015.) 

10.2 
 
 Marketing Agent Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 12, 2017.) 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Marketing Agent Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on March 6, 2018.) 

10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Marketing Agent Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on March 6, 2018.) 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Marketing Agent Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on March 30, 2023.) 

10.6 
 
 Licensing and Services Agreement with respect to BDRY. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on March 6, 2018.) 

10.7 
 
 Licensing and Services Agreement with respect to BWET. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on March 30, 2023.) 

10.8 
 
 Custody Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-199190, filed on January 28, 2015.) 

10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Custody Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on March 6, 2018.) 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Custody Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on March 30, 2023.) 

10.11 
 
 Fund Administration Servicing Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-199190, filed on January 28, 2015.) 

10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Fund Administration Servicing Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on March 6, 2018.) 

10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Fund Administration Servicing Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on March 30, 2023.) 

63 

10.14 
 
 Fund Accounting Servicing Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-199190, filed on January 28, 2015.) 

10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Fund Accounting Servicing Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on March 6, 2018.) 

10.16 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Fund Accounting Servicing Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on March 30, 2023.) 

10.17 
 
 Transfer Agent Servicing Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-199190, filed on January 28, 2015.) 

10.18 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Transfer Agent Servicing Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 333-218453, filed on March 6, 2018.) 

10.19 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Transfer Agent Servicing Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on March 30, 2023.) 

10.20 
 
 Fee Waiver Agreement with respect to BDRY. (Incorporated by reference to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 6, 2022.) 

10.21 
 
 Expense Limitation Agreement with respect to BDRY. (Incorporated by reference to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 6, 2022.) 

10.22 
 
 Fee Waiver Agreement with respect to BWET. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on March 30, 2023.) 

10.23 
 
 Expense Limitation Agreement with respect to BWET. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on March 30, 2023.) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Sullivan Worcester LLP. (Incorporated by reference to Form S-1 Registration Statement No. 333-254634, filed on March 23, 2021.) 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP. (Incorporated by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 333-266945, filed on March 30, 2023.) 

23.2 
 
 Consent of WithumSmith Brown, P.C. as to the Trust (Filed herewith.) 

23.3 
 
 Consent of WithumSmith Brown, P.C. as to the Sponsor. (Incorporated by reference to the Trust s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 28, 2022.) 

31.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Exchange Act. (Filed herewith.) 

31.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Exchange Act. (Filed herewith.) 

32.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 

32.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

64 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I 
 (Registrant) 

By: 
 ETF Managers Capital, LLC 

its Sponsor 

By: 
 /s/ Matthew
 J. Bromberg 

Name: 
 Matthew J. Bromberg 

Principal Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ John A.
 Flanagan 

Name: 
 John A. Flanagan 

Principal Financial Officer 

Date:
September 27, 2023 

65 

<EX-23.2>
 2
 f10k2023ex23-2_etfmanagers1.htm
 CONSENT OF WITHUMSMITH & BROWN, P.C. AS TO THE TRUST

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statement (Form S-1 No. 333-263425 and No. 333-266945) of ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I (the Trust of our report dated September 26, 2023, relating to the financial statements of the Trust and its series, the Breakwave Dry Bulk Shipping
ETF and Breakwave Tanker Shipping ETF, included in the 2023 Form 10-K of the Trust, and to the reference to our Firm as Experts 
in such Registration Statement. 

/s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

 New York, New York 

 September 26, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex31-1_etfmanagers1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Matthew J. Bromberg, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other(s) certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
September 27 , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Matthew J. Bromberg 

Name: 
 Matthew J.
 Bromberg 

Title: 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

ETF
 Managers Group Commodity Trust I 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-2_etfmanagers1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
John A. Flanagan, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 27 , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 John A. Flanagan 

Name: 
 John A. Flanagan 

Title: 
 Principal
 Financial Officer 

ETF
 Managers Group Commodity Trust I 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2023ex32-1_etfmanagers1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report of ETF Managers Group
Commodity Trust I (the Registrant and its Fund, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof, I, Matthew J. Bromberg, the Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge,
that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

Date:
September 27 , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Matthew J. Bromberg 

Name: 
 Matthew
 J. Bromberg 

Title: 
 Principal Executive
 Officer 

ETF Managers
 Group Commodity Trust I 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2023ex32-2_etfmanagers1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report of ETF Managers Group
Commodity Trust I (the Registrant and its Fund, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof, I, John A. Flanagan, the Principal Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge,
that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

Date:
September 27 , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 John A. Flanagan 

Name: 
 John A. Flanagan

Title: 
 Principal Financial
 Officer 

ETF Managers
 Group Commodity Trust I 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 bdry-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 bdry-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 bdry-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 bdry-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 bdry-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

