<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230927_10-K_edgar_data_1521945_0001521945-23-000053.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18889956</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1094080</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2308198</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8080061</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3129888</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3853766</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001521945-23-000053.hdr.sgml : 20230927
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230927172201
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001521945-23-000053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230927
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230927

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Prospect Floating Rate & Alternative Income Fund, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001521945
		IRS NUMBER:				452460782
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00908
		FILM NUMBER:		231285507

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 EAST 40TH STREET, 42ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-448-0702

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 EAST 40TH STREET, 42ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Prospect Sustainable Income Fund, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Prospect Flexible Income Fund, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200806

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TP Flexible Income Fund, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001521945-23-000053.txt : 20230927

10-K
 1
 pfloat-20230630.htm
 10-K

pfloat-20230630 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o x 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates as of December 31, 2022 has not been provided because there is no established market for the registrant`s shares of common stock. 
 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of September 27, 2023 was . 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Portions of the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on this Form 10-K, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent described herein. 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 24 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 55 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 55 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 55 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 56 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 62 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 62 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 84 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 86 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 137 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 137 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 138 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 138 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 138 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 139 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 139 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 139 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 139 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 139 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 141 
 Signatures 
 142 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Some of the statements in this annual report on Form 10-K (the "Annual Report") constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report involve risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, statements as to: 
 our, or our portfolio companies , future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 
 the return or impact of current or future investments that we expect to make; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 the willingness of our investment adviser to waive fees; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 the economic effects of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the ensuing geopolitical uncertainty on our and our portfolio companies business and the global economy; 
 the impact of any current or future global health pandemics on the broader economy and on our and our portfolio companies' business and financial condition; 
 uncertainty surrounding inflation and the financial stability of the United States, Europe, and China; 
 the financial condition and ability of our current and prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 difficulty in obtaining financing or raising capital, especially in the current credit and equity environment, and the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our and our portfolio companies business; 
 the level, duration and volatility of prevailing interest rates and credit spreads, magnified by the current turmoil in the credit markets; 
 the phase-out and cessation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and the use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as a replacement rate on our operating results; 
 adverse developments in the availability of desirable loan and investment opportunities whether they are due to competition, regulation or otherwise; 
 a compression of the yield on our investments and the cost of our liabilities, as well as the level of leverage available to us; 
 the impact of changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 our regulatory structure and tax treatment, including our ability to operate as a business development company and a regulated investment company; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 the ability of our investment adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the timing, form and amount of any dividend distributions; 
 authoritative generally accepted accounting principles or policy changes from such standard-setting bodies as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Internal Revenue Service, and other authorities that we are subject to, as well as their counterparts in any foreign jurisdictions where we might do business; and 
 any of the other risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in this Annual Report. 
 
 Such forward-looking statements may include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words trend, opportunity, pipeline, believe, comfortable, expect, anticipate, current, intention, estimate, position, assume, potential, outlook, continue, remain, maintain, sustain, seek, achieve, and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could, may, or similar expressions. The forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report involve risks and uncertainties and undue reliance should not be placed on them. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth as Risk Factors in this Annual Report, our annual report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this report on information available to us on the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and future results could differ materially from historical performance. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
 1 

information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the SEC, including quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, annual reports on Form 10-K, and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 2 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 In this report, the terms PFLOAT, the "Company," we, us and our mean Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. (formerly Prospect Sustainable Income Fund, Inc. ("PSIF")) and all entities included in our consolidated financial statements, unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 
 We were formed as a Maryland corporation on April 29, 2011. We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company, or BDC, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). We are therefore required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. We have elected to be taxed for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intend to qualify annually as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Prospect Capital Management L.P. (the "Adviser"or "Prospect Capital Management") is registered as an investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the "Advisers Act"). Our Adviser manages our portfolio and makes all investment decisions for us, subject to supervision by our Board of Directors. On June 25, 2014, we satisfied our minimum offering requirement of selling at least 2.5 million in common stock and on October 1, 2014, we commenced our investment operations. 
 
 On and effective August 5, 2020, we changed our name to Prospect Flexible Income Fund, Inc. from TP Flexible Income Fund, Inc. by filing Articles of Amendment to our Fourth Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended and supplemented. 
 
 On and effective January 10, 2022, we changed our name to Prospect Sustainable Income Fund, Inc. from Prospect Flexible Income Fund, Inc. by filing Articles of Amendment to our Fourth Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended and supplemented. 
 
 On and effective September 16, 2022, we changed our name to Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. from Prospect Sustainable Income Fund, Inc. by filing Articles of Amendment to our Fourth Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended and supplemented. 
 
 On April 20, 2021, we entered into an investment advisory agreement (the "Investment Advisory Agreement") with the Adviser, which was approved by our Board of Directors, including by all of the directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act). Our stockholders approved the Investment Advisory Agreement at a Special Meeting of Stockholders held on March 31, 2021. The Investment Advisory Agreement replaces our prior investment advisory agreement, dated March 31, 2019 (the "Former Investment Advisory Agreement ), with Prospect Flexible Income Management, LLC, our former investment adviser ("PFIM"), which terminated effective April 20, 2021. The Investment Advisory Agreement is identical in all material respects to the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, except for its date of effectiveness, term and the Adviser serving as our investment adviser instead of PFIM. As such, the Former Investment Advisory Agreement and the Investment Advisory Agreement contain the same terms, provisions, conditions and fee rates, and provide for the same management services to be conducted by the Adviser as were conducted by PFIM. 
 
 On November 5, 2021, we amended and restated the Investment Advisory Agreement (the "Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement") to reduce the base management fee and eliminate the incentive fee payable to the Adviser thereunder, effective as of January 1, 2022 and until the one year anniversary of the listing of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement was most recently approved by our board of directors, including all of our directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), on June 15, 2023. 
 
 Investment Objectives and Strategy 
 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and, as a secondary objective, capital appreciation by targeting investment opportunities with favorable risk-adjusted returns. Under normal market conditions, we will invest at least 80 of our net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) in floating rate loans and other income producing investments. We intend to meet our investment objective by primarily lending to and investing in the debt of privately-owned U.S. middle market companies, which we define as companies with annual revenue between 50 million and 2.5 billion. We may on occasion invest in smaller or larger companies if an attractive opportunity presents itself, especially when there are dislocations in the capital markets. We expect to focus primarily on directly originating senior secured first lien loans and senior secured second lien loans and making investments in syndicated senior secured first lien loans, syndicated senior secured second lien loans, and to a lesser extent, subordinated debt, of middle market companies in a broad range of industries. Syndicated secured loans refer to commercial loans provided by a group of lenders that are structured, arranged, and administered by one or several 
 3 

commercial or investment banks, known as arrangers. These loans are then sold (or syndicated) to other banks or institutional investors. Syndicated secured loans may have a first priority lien on a borrower s assets (i.e., senior secured first lien loans), a second priority lien on a borrower s assets (i.e., senior secured second lien loans), or a lower lien or unsecured position on the borrower s assets (i.e., subordinated debt). Our target credit investments are expected to typically have initial maturities between three and ten years and generally range in size between 1 million and 100 million, although the investment size may vary with the size of our capital base. We expect that the majority of our debt investments will bear interest at floating interest rates, but our portfolio may also include fixed-rate investments. We expect to make our investments directly through the primary issuance by the borrower or in the secondary market. 
 
 Our principal focus is to directly originate senior secured first lien loans and senior secured second lien loans and invest in syndicated senior secured first lien loans, syndicated senior secured second lien loans, and to a lesser extent, subordinated debt of private middle market U.S. companies in a broad range of industries. In addition, we expect to invest up to 30 of our portfolio of investments in other securities, including private equity (both common and preferred), dividend-paying equity, royalties, and the equity and junior debt tranches of a type of pools of broadly syndicated loans know as collateralized loan obligations, or "CLOs" which we referred to as "Subordinated Structured Notes" or "SSNs". The senior secured loans underlying our SSN investments are expected typically to be BB or B rated (non-investment grade, which are often referred to as high yield or junk and in limited circumstances, unrated, senior secured loans. 
 
 As part of our strategy, we intend to dynamically allocate our assets in varying types of investments based on our analysis of the credit markets. These investments include senior secured first lien loans, senior secured second lien loans, subordinated debt, equity and equity-related securities, non-U.S. securities, subordinated structured notes and other securities. 
 
 We will be subject to certain regulatory restrictions in making our investments. On January 13, 2020, (amended on August 2, 2022), we received a co-investment exemptive order from the SEC (the Order granting us the ability to negotiate terms other than price and quantity of co-investment transactions with other funds managed or owned by our Adviser or certain affiliates, including Prospect Capital Corporation and Priority Income Fund, Inc., where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions included therein. Under the terms of the Order, a majority of our independent directors who have no financial interest in the transaction must make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. The Order also imposes reporting and record keeping requirements and limitations on transactional fees. We may only co-invest with other funds managed or owned by our Adviser or certain affiliates in accordance with such Order and existing regulatory guidance. 
 
 Potential Market Opportunity 
 
 We believe that there are and will continue to be significant investment opportunities in the senior secured first lien loan and senior secured second lien loan asset classes, as well as investments in debt and equity securities of middle market companies. 
 
 Potential Opportunity in Middle Market Private Companies 
 
 We believe the middle market lending environment provides opportunities for us to meet our objective of making investments that generate attractive risk-adjusted returns as a result of a combination of the following factors: 
 
 Large Addressable Market. According to Leveraged Commentary Data, institutional leveraged loan issuance (senior secured loans and second lien secured loans) is attracting inflows due to the Federal Reserve s indication of rising interest rates over 2022 and beyond. We believe that there exists a large number of prospective lending opportunities for lenders, which should allow us to generate substantial investment opportunities and build an attractive portfolio of investments. 
 
 Strong Demand for Debt Capital. We expect that private equity firms will continue to be active investors in middle market companies. These private equity funds generally seek to leverage their investments by combining their capital with loans provided by other sources, and we believe that our investment strategy positions us well to invest alongside such private equity investors. In addition, we believe the large amount of uninvested capital held by private equity buyout firms in North America, estimated by Preqin Ltd., an alternative assets industry data and research company, to be 541 billion as of August 2022, will continue to drive deal activity. 
 
 Attractive Market Segment. We believe that the underserved nature of such a large segment of the market can at times create a significant opportunity for investment. In many environments, we believe that middle market companies are more likely to 
 4 

offer attractive economics in terms of transaction pricing, up-front and ongoing fees, prepayment penalties and security features in the form of stricter covenants and quality collateral than loans to larger companies. In addition, as compared to larger companies, middle market companies often have simpler capital structures and carry less leverage, thus aiding the structuring and negotiation process and allowing us greater flexibility in structuring favorable transactions. 
 
 Attractive Deal Structure and Terms 
 
 We believe senior secured debt provides strong defensive characteristics. Because this debt has priority in payment among an issuer s security holders (i.e., holders are due to receive payment before junior creditors and equityholders), they carry less potential risk than other investments in the issuer s capital structure. Further, these investments are secured by the issuer s assets, which may be seized in the event of a default, if necessary. They generally also carry restrictive covenants aimed at ensuring repayment before junior creditors, such as most types of unsecured bondholders, and other security holders and preserving collateral to protect against credit deterioration. 
 
 The chart below illustrates examples of the collateral used to secure senior secured first lien debt and senior secured second lien debt. 

Investments in Floating Rate Debt 
 
 A large portion of the investments we expect to make in middle market companies are expected to be in the form of floating rate debt instruments. These floating rate debt instruments are expected to be below investment grade rated (which are often referred to as high yield or junk ). Floating rate loans have a base rate that adjusts periodically plus a spread over the base rate. The base rate typically resets every 30-90 days. As the reference rate increases, the income stream from these floating rate instruments will also increase. Syndicated floating rate debt offers certain benefits: 
 
 Adjustable coupon payment. Floating rate loans are structured so that interest rates reset on a predetermined schedule. As a result, when interest rates rise, coupon payments increase, and vice versa, with little lag time (typically 90 days or less). This feature greatly reduces the interest rate risk, or duration risk, inherent in high yield bonds, as the value of high yields bonds may decline in an increasing interest rate environment because their interest rates do not reset. For example, as short-term rates rise, the value of a high yield bond typically will decline while the value of a floating rate loan typically will remain stable because its interest rate will reset. 
 
 Priority in event of default . In the event of a default, floating rate loans typically have a higher position in a company s capital structure, have first claim to assets and greater covenant protection than high yield bonds. As a result, floating rate loans have generally recovered a greater percentage of value than high yield bonds. Also, the default rate for floating rate loans has historically been lower than defaults of high yield bonds. 
 
 Reduced volatility . The return of floating rate loans has historically had a low correlation to most asset classes and a negative correlation with some asset classes. Therefore, adding floating rate loans to a portfolio should reduce volatility and risk. 

5 

Investment Types 
 Our portfolio is expected to be comprised primarily of investments in directly originated or syndicated senior secured first lien loans, directly originated or syndicated senior secured second lien loans, and to a lesser extent, subordinated debt of private middle market U.S. companies. In addition, a portion of our portfolio may be comprised of other securities, including private equity (both common and preferred), dividend-paying equity, royalties, and the equity and junior debt tranches of SSNs. Our Adviser will seek to tailor our investment focus as market conditions evolve. Depending on market conditions, we may increase or decrease our exposure to less senior portions of the capital structure, where returns tend to be stronger in a more stable or growing economy, but less secure in weak economic environments. Below is a diagram illustrating where these investments lie in a typical portfolio company s capital structure. Senior secured first lien debt is situated at the top of the capital structure and typically has the first claim on the assets and cash flows of the company, followed by senior secured second lien debt, subordinated debt, preferred equity and, finally, common equity. Due to this priority of cash flows, an investment s risk increases as it moves further down the capital structure. Investors are usually compensated for this risk associated with junior status in the form of higher returns, either through higher interest payments or potentially higher capital appreciation. We will rely on our Adviser s experience to structure investments, possibly using all levels of the capital structure, which we believe will perform in a broad range of economic environments. 
 
 Typical Leveraged Capital Structure Diagram 

Senior Secured First Lien Loans 
 Senior secured first lien loans are situated at the top of the capital structure. Because these loans generally have priority in payment, they carry the least risk among all investments in a firm. Generally, our senior secured first lien loans are expected to have initial maturities of three to seven years, offer some form of amortization, and have first priority security interests in the assets of the borrower. Generally, we expect that the interest rate on our senior secured first lien loans typically will have variable rates ranging between 3.0 and 8.0 over a standard benchmark, such as the prime rate, SOFR or LIBOR. 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Loans 
 Senior secured second lien loans are immediately junior to senior secured first lien loans and have substantially the same collateral and covenant structures as senior secured first lien loans. Generally, our senior secured second lien loans are expected to have initial maturities of three to eight years. Senior secured second lien loans, however, are granted a second priority security interest in the assets of the borrower, which means that any realization of collateral will generally be applied to pay senior secured first lien loans in full before senior secured second lien loans are paid and the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to repay in full both senior secured first lien loans and senior secured second lien loans. In return for this junior ranking, senior secured second lien loans generally offer higher returns compared to senior secured first lien debt. These higher returns come in the form of higher interest. Generally, we expect that the interest rate on our senior secured second lien loans typically will have variable rates ranging between 6.0 and 11.0 over a standard benchmark, such as the prime rate, SOFR or LIBOR. 
 6 

Senior Secured Bonds 
 Senior secured bonds are generally secured by collateral on a senior, pari passu or junior basis with other debt instruments in an issuer s capital structure and have similar covenant structures as senior secured loans. Generally, we expect these investments to carry a fixed rate of 6.0 to 12.0 and have initial maturities of three to ten years. 
 Subordinated Debt 
 In addition to syndicated senior secured first lien loans, syndicated senior secured second lien loans and senior secured bonds, we may invest a portion of our assets in subordinated debt. Subordinated debt investments usually rank junior in priority of payment to senior debt and are often unsecured, but are situated above preferred equity and common equity in the capital structure. In return for their junior status compared to senior debt, subordinated debt investments typically offer higher returns through both higher interest rates and possible equity ownership in the form of warrants, enabling the lender to participate in the capital appreciation of the borrower. These warrants typically require only a nominal cost to exercise. We generally will target subordinated debt with interest-only payments throughout the life of the security, with the principal due at maturity. Typically, subordinated debt investments have maturities of five to ten years. Generally, we expect these securities to carry a fixed rate, or a floating current yield of 8.0 to 18.0 over a standard benchmark. In addition, we may receive additional returns from any warrants we may receive in connection with these investments. In some cases, a portion of the total interest may accrue or be payment-in-kind ("PIK"). 
 Equity and Equity-Related Securities 
 While we intends to maintain our focus on investments in debt securities, from time to time, when We sees the potential for extraordinary gain, or in connection with securing particularly favorable terms in a debt investment, We may enter into investments in preferred or common equity, typically in conjunction with a private equity sponsor we believe to be sophisticated and seasoned. With respect to any preferred or common equity investments, we expect to target an annual investment return of at least 15 . 
 Non-U.S. Securities 
 We may invest in non-U.S. securities, which may include securities denominated in U.S. dollars or in non-U.S. currencies, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. For example, the SSNs in which we may invest generally consist of a special purpose vehicle (typically formed in the Cayman Islands or another similar foreign jurisdiction) formed to purchase the senior secured loans and issue rated debt securities and equity tranches and/or unrated debt securities (generally treated as equity interests). 
 Subordinated Structured Notes 
 We may invest in subordinated structured notes or SSNs, which are a form of securitization where payments from multiple loans are pooled together. Investors may purchase one or more tranches of an SSN and each tranche typically reflects a different level of seniority in payment from the SSN. 
 Other Securities 
 We may also invest from time to time in royalties, derivatives, including total return swaps and credit default swaps, that seek to modify or replace the investment performance of a particular reference security or other asset. These transactions are typically individually negotiated, non-standardized agreements between two parties to exchange payments, with payments generally calculated by reference to a notional amount or quantity. Swap contracts and similar derivative contracts are not traded on exchanges; rather, banks and dealers act as principals in these markets. We anticipate that any use of derivatives would primarily be as a substitute for investing in conventional securities. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 We may maintain a certain level of cash or equivalent instruments, including money market funds, to make follow-on investments, if necessary, in existing portfolio companies or to take advantage of new opportunities. 
 Sources of Income 
 The primary means through which our stockholders will receive a return of value is through interest income, dividends and capital gains generated by our investments. In addition to these sources of income, we may receive fees paid by our portfolio companies, including one-time closing fees paid at the time each investment is made. Closing fees typically range from 1.0 to 2.0 of the purchase price of an investment. In addition, we may generate revenues in the form of non-recurring commitment, origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance, consulting fees and performance-based fees. 
 Risk Management 
 We seek to limit the downside potential of our investment portfolio by: 
 applying our investment strategy guidelines for portfolio investments; 
 7 

requiring a total return on investments (including both interest and potential appreciation) that adequately compensates us for credit risk; 
 allocating our portfolio among various issuers and industries, size permitting, with an adequate number of companies, across different industries, with different types of collateral; and 
 negotiating or seeking debt investments with covenants or features that protect us while affording portfolio companies flexibility in managing their businesses consistent with preservation of capital, which may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights. 
 We may also enter into interest rate hedging transactions at the sole discretion of our Adviser. Such transactions will enable us to selectively modify interest rate exposure as market conditions dictate. 
 Affirmative Covenants 
 Affirmative covenants require borrowers to take actions that are meant to ensure the solvency of the company, facilitate the lender s monitoring of the borrower, and ensure payment of interest and loan principal due to lenders. Examples of affirmative covenants include covenants requiring the borrower to maintain adequate insurance, accounting and tax records, and to produce frequent financial reports for the benefit of the lender. 
 Negative Covenants 
 Negative covenants impose restrictions on the borrower and are meant to protect lenders from actions that the borrower may take that could harm the credit quality of the lenders investments. Examples of negative covenants include restrictions on the payment of dividends and restrictions on the issuance of additional debt or making capital expenditures without the lenders approval. In addition, certain covenants may restrict a borrower s activities by requiring it to meet certain earnings interest coverage ratio and leverage ratio requirements. These covenants are also referred to as financial or maintenance covenants. 
 Investment Process 
 
 The investment professionals utilized by our Adviser have spent their careers developing the resources necessary to invest in private companies. Our transaction process is highlighted below. 
 
 Our Transaction Process 

Sourcing 
 
 In order to source transactions, our Adviser will generate investment opportunities through syndicate and club deals and, subject to regulatory constraints, through the proprietary origination channels of the investment team at our Adviser and its affiliates. In club deals, we along with other investors (including our affiliates) pool assets together to purchase securities collectively. With respect to syndicate and club deals, the investment professionals of our Adviser have built a network of relationships with commercial and investment banks, finance companies and other investment funds as a result of the long track record of its investment professionals in the leveraged finance marketplace. With respect to our Adviser s proprietary origination channel, our Adviser will seek to leverage the relationships with private equity sponsors and financial intermediaries. We believe that the broad networks of our Adviser and its affiliates will produce a significant pipeline of investment opportunities for us. 
 
 Evaluation 
 
 Initial review. In its initial review of an investment opportunity, our Adviser s professionals examine information furnished by the target company and external sources, such as rating agencies, if applicable, to determine whether the investment meets our basic investment criteria and other guidelines specified by our Adviser, within the context of proper portfolio diversification, and offers an acceptable probability of attractive returns with identifiable downside risk. For the majority of securities available on the secondary market, a comprehensive analysis is conducted and continuously maintained by a dedicated research analyst, the results of which are available for the investment team to review. In the case of a primary or secondary transaction, our Adviser will conduct detailed due diligence investigations as necessary. 
 
 Credit analysis/due diligence. Before undertaking an investment, the transaction team expects to conduct a thorough due diligence review of the opportunity to ensure the company fits our investment strategy, which may include: 
 
 8 

a full operational analysis to identify the key risks and opportunities of the company s business, including a detailed review of historical and projected financial results; 
 a detailed analysis of industry dynamics, competitive position, regulatory, tax and legal matters; 
 on-site visits, if deemed necessary; 
 background checks to further evaluate management and other key personnel; 
 a review by legal and accounting professionals, environmental or other industry consultants, if necessary; 
 financial sponsor due diligence, including portfolio company and lender reference checks, if necessary; and 
 a review of management s experience and track record. 
 
 Execution 
 
 Recommendation. The professionals of our Adviser will recommend investment opportunities for its approval. Our Adviser seeks to maintain a defensive approach toward its investment recommendations by emphasizing risk control in its investment process, which includes (i) the pre-review of each opportunity by one of its investment professionals to assess the general quality, value and fit relative to our portfolio and (ii) where possible, transaction structuring with a focus on preservation of capital in varying economic environments. 
 
 Approval. After completing its internal transaction process, our Adviser will make formal recommendations for review and approval by our Adviser s investment committee. In connection with its recommendation, it will transmit any relevant underwriting material and other information pertinent to the decision-making process. The consummation of a transaction will require unanimous approval of the members of our Adviser s investment committee. 
 
 Post-Investment Monitoring 
 
 Portfolio Monitoring. Our Adviser monitors our portfolio with a focus toward anticipating negative credit events. To maintain portfolio company performance and help to ensure a successful exit, our Adviser expects to work closely with, as applicable, the lead equity sponsor, loan syndicator or agent bank, portfolio company management, consultants, advisers and other security holders to discuss financial position, compliance with covenants, financial requirements and execution of the company s business plan. In addition, depending on the size, nature and performance of the transaction, we may occupy a seat or serve as an observer on a portfolio company s Board of Directors or similar governing body. 
 
 Typically, our Adviser will receive financial reports detailing operating performance, sales volumes, margins, cash flows, financial position and other key operating metrics on a quarterly basis from our portfolio companies. Our Adviser intends to use this data, combined with due diligence gained through contact with the company s customers, suppliers, competitors, market research, and/or other methods, to conduct an ongoing, rigorous assessment of the company s operating performance and prospects. 
 
 Valuation Process. Each quarter, we will value investments in our portfolio, and such values will be disclosed each quarter in reports filed with the SEC. The fair values of the Company s investments are determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company s Board of Directors is solely responsible for the valuation of the Company s portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith pursuant to the Company s valuation policy and consistently applied valuation process. Investments for which market quotations are readily available will be recorded at such market quotations. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board of Directors will determine the fair value of such investments in good faith, utilizing the input of our valuation committee, our Adviser and any other professionals or materials that our Board of Directors deems worthy and relevant, including independent third-party pricing services and independent third-party valuation services, if applicable. 
 
 Managerial Assistance. As a BDC, we must offer, and provide upon request, managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. Depending on the nature of the assistance required, our Adviser will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. To the extent fees are paid for these services, we, rather than our Adviser, will retain any fees paid for such assistance. 
 
 Exit 
 
 We will attempt to invest in securities that may be sold in the privately negotiated over-the-counter market, providing us a means by which we may exit our positions. We expect that a large portion of our portfolio may be sold on this secondary 
 9 

market for the foreseeable future, depending on market conditions. For any investments that are not able to be sold within this market, we will focus primarily in investing in companies whose business models and growth prospects offer attractive exit possibilities, including repayment of our investments, an initial public offering of equity securities, a merger, a sale or a recapitalization. 
 Potential Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that we offer investors the following potential competitive strengths: 
 Established platform with seasoned investment professionals . We believe that we will benefit from the wide resources of our Adviser, which is focused on sourcing, structuring, executing, monitoring and exiting a broad range of investments. We believe the personnel of our Adviser possess market knowledge, experience and industry relationships that enable them to identify potentially attractive investment opportunities in companies pursuant to our investment strategy. 
 Long-term investment horizon . Our long-term investment horizon gives us greater flexibility, which we believe will allow us to maximize returns on our investments. Unlike private equity and venture capital funds, we are not subject to standard periodic capital return requirements. Such requirements typically stipulate that capital invested in these funds, together with any capital gains on such investment, can be invested only once and must be returned to investors after a pre-determined time period. We believe that our ability to make investments with a longer-term view and without the capital return requirements of traditional private investment vehicles will provide us with greater flexibility to seek investments that can generate attractive returns on invested capital. 
 
 Disciplined, income-oriented investment philosophy . Our Adviser is expected to employ an investment approach focused on current income and long-term investment performance. This investment approach involves a multi-stage selection process for each investment opportunity, as well as ongoing monitoring of each investment made, with particular emphasis on early detection of deteriorating credit conditions at portfolio companies, which could result in adverse portfolio developments. This strategy is designed to maximize current income and minimize the risk of capital loss while maintaining potential for long-term capital appreciation. 
 
 Investment expertise across all levels of the corporate capital structure . Our Adviser believes that its broad expertise and experience investing at all levels of a company s capital structure will enable us to manage risk while affording us the opportunity for significant returns on our investments. Our Adviser will attempt to capitalize on this expertise in an effort to produce and maintain an investment portfolio that will perform in a broad range of economic conditions. 
 
 We generally will not be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on income and capital gains distributed to stockholders . As a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we recognize from our investments and timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. Furthermore, tax-exempt investors in our shares who do not finance their acquisition of our shares with indebtedness should not be required to recognize unrelated business taxable income, or UBTI, unlike certain direct investors in master limited partnerships MLPs ). We expect to form wholly owned taxable subsidiaries to make or hold certain investments in non-traded limited partnerships or other entities classified as partnership for U.S. federal tax purposes. Although, as a RIC, dividends received by us from taxable entities and distributed to our stockholders will not be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes, any taxable entities we own will generally be subject to federal and state income taxes on their income. As a result, the net return to us on such investments that are held by such subsidiaries will be reduced to the extent that the subsidiaries are subject to income taxes. 
 
 Qualifying Assets 
 
 Under the 1940 Act, a business development company may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 
 1. Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 
 a. is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 10 

b. is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the business development company) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 
 c. satisfies any of the following: 
 i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 
 ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 
 iii. is controlled by a business development company or a group of companies including a business development company and the business development company has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 
 iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 
 2. Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 
 3. Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 4. Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 5. Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 6. Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 Managerial Assistance 
 
 In order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, we must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where we purchase such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the business development company, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a company. 
 
 Temporary Investments 
 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification Tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 

11 

Senior Securities 
 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of debt and one class of stock senior to our Class A Shares if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200 immediately after each such issuance. However, recent legislation has modified the 1940 Act by allowing a BDC to increase the maximum amount of leverage it may incur from an asset coverage ratio of 200 to an asset coverage ratio of 150 , if certain requirements are met. Under the legislation, we are allowed to increase our leverage capacity if stockholders representing at least a majority of the votes cast, when quorum is met, approve a proposal to do so. 
 
 At the 2019 Annual Meeting, TPIC s stockholders approved a proposal allowing us to modify our asset coverage ratio requirement from 200 to 150 . As a result, and subject to certain additional disclosure requirements as well as the repurchase obligations, both as described above, the 150 minimum asset coverage ratio will apply to the Company effective as of March 16, 2019, the day immediately after the 2019 Annual Meeting. As a result, we would be required to make certain disclosures on our website and in SEC filings regarding, among other things, the receipt of approval to increase our leverage, our leverage capacity and usage, and risks related to leverage. As a non-traded BDC, we are also required to offer to repurchase our outstanding shares at the rate of 25 per quarter over four calendar quarters. 
 
 In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Business Development Companies. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics in accordance with Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. At a meeting held on April 22, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors unanimously agreed to amend and restate the Company s Code of Ethics in its entirety. The Code of Ethics was amended and restated to reflect current best practices. Specifically, the amendments included clarifications and enhancements to the description of the duties and responsibilities of the Company s Chief Compliance Officer, increased reporting and certification requirements, and an enhanced description of the restrictions on the outside business activities of the directors and officers of the Company and its investment adviser. The code of ethics is attached as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2019, and is also available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s Internet site at www.sec.gov . 
 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 
 We have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. The Company s chief compliance officer, with whom we contract services, is responsible for administering these policies and procedures. 
 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 
 We anticipate delegating our proxy voting responsibility to our Adviser. The proxy voting policies and procedures that we anticipate that our Adviser will follow are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by our Adviser and our non-interested directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, our Adviser has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, it recognizes that it must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. These policies and procedures for voting proxies for the investment advisory clients of our Adviser are intended to comply with Section 206 of the Advisers Act and Rule 206(4)-6 thereunder. 
 
 Proxy Policies 
 
 Our Adviser will vote proxies relating to portfolio securities in the best interest of its clients stockholders. It will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by its 
 12 

clients. Although our Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if compelling long-term reasons to do so exist. 
 
 The proxy voting decisions of our Adviser are made by the senior officers who are responsible for monitoring each of its clients investments. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it will require that: (a) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to its chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (b) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how our Adviser intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 
 You may obtain information, without charge, regarding how our Adviser voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to our Chief Compliance Officer, Kristin Van Dask or by calling us at (212) 448-0702. The SEC also maintains a website at that contains such information. 
 
 Other Matters 
 
 We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 
 We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Further, as a business development company, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misconduct, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. The SEC takes the position that indemnification against liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy and is unenforceable. 
 
 Securities Exchange Act and Sarbanes-Oxley Act Compliance 
 We will be subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements of the Exchange Act, including the filing of quarterly, annual and current reports, proxy statements and other required items. In addition, we will be subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements will affect us. For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer will be required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports will be required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; and 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We intend to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 
 Compensation of the Dealer Manager and Selected Broker-Dealers 
 We previously publicly offered for sale a maximum amount of 300,000,000 in shares of common stock on a "best efforts" basis with Triton Pacific Securities, LLC (the "Dealer Manager") serving as the dealer manager for the offering pursuant to a dealer manager agreement, as amended. The Dealer Manager was not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of shares but would use its best efforts to sell the shares offered. Effective February 19, 2021, the offering was terminated and, as a result, the dealer manager agreement terminated in accordance with its terms and the Dealer Manager ceased serving as our dealer manager effective as of such date. We are engaged in discussions with and due diligence of other firms to potentially serve in the future capacity as our dealer manager regarding potential future capital raises by us. 
 Except as otherwise described in this annual report on Form 10-K, the Dealer Manager would receive an upfront sales load of up to 9.0 of the gross proceeds received on Class A Shares sold in the offering all or a portion of which could be paid to selected broker-dealers and financial representatives. The upfront sales load consisted of upfront selling commissions of up to 6.0 of the gross proceeds of Class A Shares sold in the offering and a dealer manager fee of up to 3.0 of the gross offering proceeds of Class A Shares sold in the offering. The upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees would not be paid in 
 13 

connection with purchases of shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. In addition to the upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees, the Adviser could pay the Dealer Manager a fee (the Additional Selling Commissions equal to no more than 1.0 of the net asset value per share per year. The Dealer Manager would reallow all or a portion of the Additional Selling Commissions to participating broker-dealers. The Additional Selling Commissions would not be paid by our shareholders. The Adviser would cease making these payments to our Dealer Manager with respect to each share upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) the date when the aggregate underwriting compensation would exceed that permitted under Conduct Rule 2310 of FINRA over the life of the offering, which equals 10 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of shares in the offering (excluding shares purchased through our distribution reinvestment plan); (ii) the date of a liquidity event; (iii) the date that such share is redeemed or is no longer outstanding; (iv) the date when the aggregate upfront selling commission, dealer manager fees, and payments from the Adviser together equal 10 (or such other amount, as determined by the Adviser) of the actual price paid for such share; or (v) the date when Prospect Flexible Income Management, LLC no longer serves as our investment adviser. 
 All or a portion of the upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees, as applicable, could be paid to selected broker-dealers and financial representatives. In addition, the upfront sales load, could be reduced or waived in connection with certain categories of sales, such as sales for which a volume discount applies, sales through investment advisers or banks acting as trustees or fiduciaries and sales to our affiliates. The Dealer Manager would not directly or indirectly pay or award any fees or commissions or other compensation to any person or entity engaged to sell our shares or give investment advice to a potential stockholder except to a registered broker-dealer or other properly licensed agent for selling or distributing our shares. 
 FINRA Rule 2310 provides that the maximum compensation payable from any source to FINRA members participating in an offering may not exceed 10 of gross offering proceeds, excluding proceeds received in connection with the issuance of shares through a distribution reinvestment plan. Payments collected by us in connection with the distribution fee, in addition to any upfront sales load, would be considered underwriting compensation for purposes of FINRA Rule 2310. The maximum aggregate underwriting compensation collected from payments of distribution fees, upfront selling commissions and contingent deferred sales charges, if any, and any other sources would not exceed 10 of the gross offering proceeds from the sale of shares in the offering. 
 Status of Our Prior Public Offering 
 Since commencing our prior public offering and through February 19, 2021 (the date the offering terminated), we have sold 1,690,905 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of approximately 24,195,384. 
 
 Administration 
 
 We have entered into an administration agreement with Prospect Administration LLC, (our "Administrator") (as amended and restated, the Administration Agreement pursuant to which our Administrator performs certain administrative functions on our behalf. 
 
 We compensate our Administrator by payment of service fees approved by our independent directors which will reimburse the Administrator for our allocable portion of its overhead and other expenses incurred in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief executive officer, chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 About Our Adviser 
 
 Prospect Capital Management L.P. serves as our investment adviser. Our Adviser is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act and provides services to us pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement. Our Adviser s investment professionals have significant experience and an extensive track record of investing in companies, managing high-yielding debt and equity investments in infrastructure companies and have developed an expertise in using all levels of a firm s capital structure to produce income-generating investments, while focusing on risk management. Such parties also have extensive knowledge of the managerial, operational and regulatory requirements of publicly traded investment companies. Most of the finance professionals of our Adviser were closely involved with the operation of Pathway Capital Opportunity Fund, Inc. PWAY which merged with and into us (the Merger on March 13, 2019. In addition, most of our finance professionals are also involved in the operation, management and regulatory compliance of two affiliated funds, Prospect Capital Corporation, a BDC that is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market that had total assets of approximately 7.9 billion as of June 30, 2023, and Priority Income Fund, Inc., an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that invests primarily in senior secured loans, including via SSN investments, of companies whose debt is rated below investment grade or, in limited circumstances, unrated. 
 
 14 

Prospect Capital Management L.P. is led by John F. Barry III and M. Grier Eliasek, two senior executives with significant investment advisory and business experience. Both Messrs. Barry and Eliasek spend a significant amount of their time in their roles at Prospect Capital Management working on our behalf. The principal executive offices of Prospect Capital Management are 700 S Rosemary Ave, Suite 204, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. We depend on the due diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the senior management of the our Adviser. We also depend, to a significant extent, on the Investment Adviser s investment professionals and the information and deal flow generated by those investment professionals in the course of their investment and portfolio management activities. Our Adviser s senior management team evaluates, negotiates, structures, closes, monitors and services our investments. Our future success depends to a significant extent on the continued service of the senior management team, particularly John F. Barry III and M. Grier Eliasek. The departure of any of the senior managers of the Investment Adviser could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. In addition, we can offer no assurance that Prospect Capital Management will remain our investment adviser or that we will continue to have access to its investment professionals or its information and deal flow. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement , we pay Prospect Capital Management investment advisory fees, which consist of an annual base management fee based on our gross assets as well as a two-part incentive fee based on our performance. Mr. Barry currently controls Prospect Capital Management. 
 
 Our Board of Directors includes a majority of independent directors and oversees and monitors the activities of our Adviser as well as our investment portfolio and performance, and annually reviews the compensation paid to our Adviser. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." In addition to managing our portfolio, our Adviser provides on our behalf managerial assistance to those of our portfolio companies to which we are required to provide such assistance. We have the right to terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement upon 60 days written notice to our Adviser, and our Adviser has the right to terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement upon 120 days written notice to us. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. The services necessary for the operation of our business are provided by investment professionals and personnel of our Adviser and by the officers and the employees of the Administrator pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, respectively, each as further described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Each of our executive officers is an employee or affiliate of our Adviser or our Administrator. Our day-to-day investment activities are managed by our Adviser, the investment professionals of which focus on origination, transaction development, investment and the ongoing monitoring of our investments. We reimburse both our Adviser and our Administrator for a certain portion of expenses incurred in connection with such staffing. Because we have no employees, we do not have a formal employee relations policy. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Our executive offices are located at 10 East 40th Street, 42nd Floor, New York, NY 10016 and our telephone number is (212) 448-0702. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 As required because of our election of BDC status, we will file annual, quarterly and current reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, respectively, proxy statements and other reports required by the federal securities laws with the SEC via the SEC s EDGAR filing system. These reports will be available upon filing on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These reports will also be available on our website at www.pfloat.com . You may access and print all documents provided through this service. 
 
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 
 The following discussion is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in our shares. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the income tax considerations applicable to us or our investors on such an investment. For example, we have not described tax consequences that we assume to be generally known by investors or certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities, pension plans and trusts, financial institutions, U.S. stockholders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, persons who mark-to-market our shares, persons who hold our 
 15 

shares as part of a straddle, hedge or conversion transaction, partnerships or other pass-through entities, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, personal holding companies, persons who acquire our common stock in connection with the performance of services, persons required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement, persons who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed as resident aliens, and individual non-U.S. stockholders present in the United States for 183 days or more during a taxable year. This summary assumes that investors hold our common stock as capital assets (within the meaning of the Code). The discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations, each as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. We have not sought and will not seek any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, regarding our offering. This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does not discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. 
 
 For purposes of our discussion, a U.S. stockholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 
 a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
 a corporation or other entity treated as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any State, or the District of Columbia; 
 a trust, if a court in the United States has primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person; or 
 an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
 
 For purposes of our discussion, a Non-U.S. stockholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is neither a U.S. stockholder nor a partnership (including an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 
 
 If a partnership (including an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner or member of the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective stockholder that is a partner in a partnership holding shares of our common stock should consult his, her or its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock. 
 
 Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our shares will depend on the facts of his, her or its particular situation. We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific consequences of such an investment, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty and the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 
 
 Taxation as a RIC 
 
 We have elected to be taxed, and intend to qualify each taxable year as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. Provided that we continue to qualify as a RIC, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (which is generally our net long-term capital gain in excess of net short-term capital loss) that we timely distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 
 In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income of RICs unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our recognized capital gain in excess of recognized capital loss for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any ordinary income or capital gains recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. We generally will endeavor in each taxable year to avoid any U.S. federal excise tax on our earnings. No assurance can be provided, however, that our distributions will be sufficient to avoid entirely the imposition of this tax. In that case, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which the Company does not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 have an election in place to be regulated as a BDC at all times during our taxable year; 
 16 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or other securities or foreign currencies or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly-traded partnership (as defined in the Code), or the 90 Income Test 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets and we do not hold more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer (which for these purposes includes the equity securities of a qualified publicly-traded partnership and 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (i) the securities, other than U.S. Government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (ii) the securities, other than the securities of other RICs, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) the securities of one or more qualified publicly-traded partnerships, or the Diversification Tests. ' 
 distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gain over realized net long-term capital loss, or the Annual Distribution Requirement. 
 
 To the extent that we invest in entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than a qualified publicly-traded partnership ), we generally must include the items of gross income derived by the partnerships for purposes of the 90 Income Test, and the income that is derived from a partnership (other than a qualified publicly-traded partnership will be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test only to the extent that such income is attributable to items of income of the partnership which would be qualifying income if realized by us directly. 
 
 In order to meet the 90 Income Test, we may establish one or more special purpose corporations to hold assets from which we do not anticipate earning dividend, interest or other qualifying income under the 90 Income Test. Any investments held through a special purpose corporation would generally be subject to U.S. federal income and other taxes, and therefore we can expect to achieve a reduced after-tax yield on such investments. 
 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest, or issued with warrants, or, in certain cases, with increasing interest rates), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute original issue discount or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. 
 
 Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and to avoid U.S. federal income and excise taxes, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. In order to raise capital to satisfy these distribution obligations, we may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and thus become subject to U.S. federal income tax. 
 
 Under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to stockholders while any senior securities are outstanding unless the Company meets the applicable asset coverage ratios. See Business Senior Securities. In addition, we may be subject to certain financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict our ability to make distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and to avoid corporate-level U.S. federal income and excise taxes. If we are prohibited from making distributions, we could fail to qualify as a RIC, and thus become subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates on all our taxable income (including gains) regardless of whether or not such income and gains are distributed to stockholders. 
 
 We are authorized to sell assets in order to comply with the Diversification Tests. However, our ability to dispose of assets to meet the Diversification Tests may be limited by the illiquid nature of the Company s portfolio. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Diversification Tests, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous and may result in substantial losses. 
 17 

Furthermore, a company may face financial difficulty that requires us to work-out, modify or otherwise restructure our investment in the company. Any such restructuring may result in unusable capital losses and future non-cash income. Any restructuring may also result in our recognition of a substantial amount of non-qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. 
 
 Gain or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 
 
 Our investment in non-U.S. securities may be subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes. In that case, our yield on those securities would be decreased. Stockholders will generally not be entitled to claim a credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. 
 
 We anticipate that the CLO vehicles in which we invest may constitute PFICs. Because we acquire shares in PFICs, we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of any excess distribution or gain from the disposition of such shares. Additional charges in the nature of interest may be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from such distributions or gains. This additional tax and interest may apply even if we make a distribution in an amount equal to any "excess distribution" or gain from the disposition of such shares as a taxable dividend by us to our shareholders. If we invest in a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the code, or QEF, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year a portion of the original earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed to it. Alternatively, we can elect to mark-to-market at the end of each taxable year our shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent it does not exceed prior increases included in income. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess of our distributions from PFICs and our proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4 excise tax. 
 
 If we hold, directly or indirectly, more than 10 of the shares in a foreign corporation that is treated as a controlled foreign corporation, or CFC, we may be treated as receiving a deemed distribution (taxable as ordinary income) each year from such foreign corporation in an amount equal to our pro rata share of the corporation s income for the tax year (including both ordinary earnings and capital gains), whether or not the corporation makes an actual distribution during such year. In general, a foreign corporation will be classified as a CFC if more than 50 of the shares of the corporation, measured by reference to combined voting power or value, is owned (directly, indirectly or by attribution) by U.S. Shareholders. A U.S. Shareholder, for this purpose, is any U.S. person that possesses (actually, indirectly or constructively) 10 or more of the combined voting power of all classes of shares of a corporation or 10 or more of the total value of shares of all classes of stock of such corporation . If we are treated as receiving a deemed distribution from a CFC, we will be required to include such distribution in our investment company taxable income regardless of whether we receive any actual distributions from such CFC, and we must distribute such income to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. 
 
 Under Section 988 of the Code, gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses, or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities is generally treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts and the disposition of debt denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also treated as ordinary income or loss. 
 A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income. If our expenses in a given year exceed investment company taxable income, we would experience a net operating loss for that year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent years. In addition, expenses can be used only to offset investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, we may, for tax purposes, have aggregate taxable income for several years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to stockholders even if such income is greater than our aggregate net income actually earned during those years. Such required distributions may be made from our cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. We may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In the event we realize net capital gains from such transactions, stockholders may receive a larger capital gain distribution than they would have received in the absence of such transactions. U.S. federal income tax law generally permits RICs to carry forward net capital losses indefinitely. However, future transactions we engage in may cause our ability to use any capital loss carryforwards, and unrealized losses once realized, to be limited under Section 382 of the Code. 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain and qualified dividend income into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (iii) convert an 
 18 

ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions, and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the effect of these provisions. 
 We may invest in preferred securities or other securities the U.S. federal income tax treatment of which may not be clear or may be subject to recharacterization by the IRS. To the extent the U.S. federal income tax treatment of such securities or the income from such securities differs from the expected tax treatment, it could affect the timing or character of income recognized, requiring us to purchase or sell securities, or otherwise change our portfolio, in order to comply with the tax rules applicable to RICs under the Code. 
 If we fail to qualify as a RIC, and certain curative provisions are not applicable, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income (including net capital gains) at corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions to shareholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital gain, would generally be taxable to our shareholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain holding period and other limitations under the Code, our corporate shareholders may be eligible to claim a dividend received deduction with respect to such dividend; and our non-corporate shareholders may generally be able to treat such dividends as qualified dividend income, which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the shareholder s adjusted tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. In order to requalify as a RIC, in addition to the other requirements discussed above, we would be required to distribute all of our previously undistributed earnings attributable to the period we failed to qualify as a RIC by the end of the first year that we intend to requalify as a RIC. If we fail to requalify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate tax rate on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of our assets (i.e., the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five years. 
 
 The remainder of this discussion assumes that we will qualify as a RIC for each taxable year. 
 Taxation of U.S. Stockholders 
 Whether an investment in shares of our common stock is appropriate for a U.S. stockholder will depend upon that person s particular circumstances. An investment in shares of our common stock by a U.S. stockholder may have adverse tax consequences. U.S. stockholders should consult their own tax advisors before making an investment in our common stock. 
 
 Distributions by us generally are taxable to U.S. stockholders as ordinary income or capital gains. Distributions of our investment company taxable income (which is generally our net ordinary income plus realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses) will be taxable as ordinary income to U.S. stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional common stock. To the extent such distributions paid by us to non-corporate stockholders (including individuals) are attributable to dividends from U.S. corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations, such distributions, or, Qualifying Dividends, may be eligible for a maximum tax rate of 20 . Qualifying Dividends may also be subject to the 3.8 net investment income tax for applicable taxpayers. In this regard, it is anticipated that distributions paid by us will generally not be attributable to dividends and, therefore, generally will not qualify for the preferential maximum rate applicable to Qualifying Dividends. Distributions of our net capital gains (which is generally our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) properly reported by us as capital gain dividends will be taxable to a U.S. stockholder as long-term capital gains that are currently generally taxable at a maximum rate of 20 in the case of individuals, trusts or estates, regardless of a U.S. stockholder s holding period for his, her or its common stock and regardless of whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional common stock. Capital gain dividends may also be subject to the 3.8 net investment income tax for applicable taxpayers. Distributions in excess of our earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. stockholder s adjusted tax basis in such stockholder s common stock and, after the adjusted tax basis is reduced to zero, will constitute capital gains to such U.S. stockholder. 
 
 We may decide to retain some or all of our long-term capital gain, but designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will pay tax on the retained amount, each U.S. stockholder will be required to include his, her or its proportionate share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been actually distributed to the U.S. stockholder, and the U.S. stockholder will be entitled to claim a credit equal to his, her or its allocable share of the tax paid thereon by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to the U.S. stockholder s tax basis for his, her or its common stock. If the amount of tax that individual stockholders will be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit exceeds the tax they owe on the retained net capital gain, such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s other U.S. federal income tax obligations or may be refunded to the extent it exceeds a U.S. 
 19 

stockholder s liability for U.S. federal income tax. In order to utilize the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our stockholders prior to the expiration of 60 days after the close of the relevant taxable year. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed distribution. 
 
 For purposes of determining (1) whether the Annual Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any year and (2) the amount of capital gain dividends paid for that year, we may, under certain circumstances, elect to treat a distribution that is paid during the following taxable year as if it had been paid during the taxable year in question. If we make such an election, the U.S. stockholder will still be treated as receiving the distribution in the taxable year in which the distribution is made. However, any distribution declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date in any such month and actually paid during January of the following year, will be treated as if it had been received by our stockholders on December 31 of the year in which the distribution was declared. 
 
 We may distribute taxable distributions that are payable in cash or shares of our common stock at the election of each U.S. stockholder. Under certain applicable IRS guidance, distributions by publicly offered RICs that are payable in cash or in shares of stock at the election of stockholders are treated as taxable distributions. The IRS has published a revenue procedure indicating that this rule will apply where the total amount of cash to be distributed is not less than 20 of the total distribution. Under this revenue procedure, if too many stockholders elect to receive their distributions in cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder electing to receive cash, receive less than the lesser of (a) the portion of the distribution such stockholder has elected to receive in cash or (b) an amount equal to his, her or its entire distribution times the percentage limitation on cash available for distribution. If we decide to make any distributions consistent with this guidance that are payable in part in our stock, taxable U.S. stockholders receiving such distributions will be required to include the full amount of the distribution (whether received in cash, our stock, or a combination thereof) as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain distribution) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a distribution in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the distribution, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on distributions, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. 
 
 If a U.S. stockholder has elected to participate in our dividend reinvestment plan, the U.S. stockholder will have all cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. Any distributions reinvested under the plan will nevertheless remain taxable to the U.S. stockholder. The U.S. stockholder will have an adjusted tax basis in the additional shares of common stock purchased through the plan equal to the amount of the reinvested distribution. The additional shares of common stock will have a new holding period commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. stockholder s account. 
 
 If an investor purchases shares of our common stock shortly before the record date of a distribution, the price of the shares will include the value of the distribution and the investor will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the distribution even though it represents a return of his, her or its investment. 
 
 A U.S. stockholder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss if the stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of his, her or its shares of our common stock. The amount of gain or loss will be measured by the difference between such stockholder s adjusted tax basis in the common stock sold and the amount of the proceeds received in exchange. Any gain arising from such sale or disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the stockholder has held his, her or its shares for more than one year. Otherwise, it will be classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or disposition of shares of our common stock held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such shares. In addition, all or a portion of any loss recognized upon a disposition of shares of our common stock may be disallowed if other substantially identical shares are purchased (whether through reinvestment of distributions or otherwise) within 30 days before or after the disposition. The ability to otherwise deduct capital loss may be subject to other limitations under the Code. 
 
 In general, individual U.S. stockholders currently are generally subject to a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20 on their net capital gain (i.e., the excess of realized net long-term capital gains over realized net short-term capital losses), including any long-term capital gain derived from an investment in our shares. Such rate is lower than the maximum rate on ordinary income currently payable by individuals. An additional 3.8 Medicare tax is imposed on certain net investment income (including ordinary dividends and capital gain distributions received from us and net gains from redemptions or other taxable dispositions of our common stock) of U.S. individuals, estates and trusts to the extent that such person s modified 
 20 

adjusted gross income (in the case of an individual) or adjusted gross income (in the case of an estate or trust) exceeds certain threshold amounts. Corporate U.S. stockholders currently are subject to U.S. federal income tax on net capital gain at the maximum 21 rate also applied to ordinary income. Non-corporate U.S. stockholders with net capital losses for a year (i.e., capital losses in excess of capital gains) generally may deduct up to 3,000 of such losses against their ordinary income each year; any net capital losses of a non-corporate U.S. stockholder in excess of 3,000 generally may be carried forward and used in subsequent tax years as provided in the Code. Corporate U.S. stockholders generally may not deduct any net capital losses for a year, but may carry back such losses for three years or carry forward such losses for five years. 
 
 A publicly offered regulated investment company is a regulated investment company whose shares are either (i) continuously offered pursuant to a public offering, (ii) regularly traded on an established securities market or (iii) held by at least 500 persons at all times during the taxable year. If we are not a publicly offered regulated investment company for any period, a non-corporate stockholder s pro rata portion of our affected expenses, including our management fees, will be treated as an additional distribution to the U.S. stockholder and will be deductible by such stockholder only to the extent permitted under the limitations described below. For non-corporate U.S. stockholders, including individuals, trusts, and estates, these expenses, referred to as miscellaneous itemized deductions, currently are not deductible (and beginning in 2026, will be deductible only to the extent they exceed 2 of such a stockholder s adjusted gross income), and are not deductible for AMT purposes. While we anticipate that we will constitute a publicly offered regulated investment company for our current taxable year, there can be no assurance that we will in fact so qualify for any of our taxable years. 
 
 We or the applicable withholding agent will send to each of our U.S. stockholders, as promptly as possible after the end of each calendar year (but no later than 75 days after the end of each calendar year), a notice detailing the amounts includible in such U.S. stockholder s taxable income for such year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain as well as such other information about us necessary for the preparation of our U.S. stockholders federal income tax returns. In addition, the U.S. federal tax status of each year s distributions generally will be reported to the IRS. Distributions paid by us generally will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction or the preferential tax rate applicable to qualifying dividends. Distributions may also be subject to additional state, local and foreign taxes depending on a U.S. stockholder s particular situation. 
 
 We may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax, or backup withholding, from all distributions to any noncorporate U.S. stockholder (1) who fails to furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such stockholder is exempt from backup withholding or (2) with respect to whom the IRS notifies us that such stockholder has failed to properly report certain interest and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual s taxpayer identification number generally is his or her social security number. Backup withholding tax is not an additional tax, and any amount withheld may be refunded or credited against the U.S. stockholder s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that proper information is timely provided to the IRS. 
 
 Under U.S. Treasury regulations, if a U.S. stockholder recognizes a loss with respect to shares of our stock of 2 million or more for a non-corporate U.S. stockholder or 10 million or more for a corporate stockholder in any single taxable year (or a greater loss over a combination of years), the stockholder must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on IRS Form 8886 (or successor form). Direct stockholders of portfolio securities in many cases are exempted from this reporting requirement, but under current guidance, stockholders of a RIC are not exempted. Future guidance may extend the current exception from this reporting requirement to stockholders of most or all RICs. The fact that a loss is reportable under these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer s treatment of the loss is proper. Significant monetary penalties apply to a failure to comply with this reporting requirement. States may also have a similar reporting requirement. U.S. stockholders should consult their own tax advisors to determine the applicability of these regulations in light of their individual circumstances. 
 
 Taxation of Tax-Exempt U.S. Investors. 
 
 A U.S. stockholder that is a tax-exempt organization for U.S. federal income tax purposes and therefore generally exempt from U.S. federal income taxation may nevertheless be subject to taxation to the extent that it is considered to derive unrelated business taxable income UBTI ). The direct conduct by a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder of the activities in which we are engaged or may engage in the future could give rise to UBTI. However, a RIC is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its business activities generally will not be attributed to its stockholders for purposes of determining their treatment under current law. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder generally should not be subject to U.S. taxation solely as a result of the stockholder s ownership of shares of our common stock and receipt of dividends with respect to such shares. Moreover, under current law, if we incur indebtedness, such indebtedness will not be attributed to a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder should not be treated as earning income from debt-financed property as defined in the Code and dividends paid by us should not be treated as unrelated debt-financed income as defined in the Code solely as a result of indebtedness that we incur. Proposals periodically are made to change the treatment of so-called 
 21 

blocker investment vehicles interposed between tax-exempt investors and non-qualifying investments. In the event that any such proposals were to be adopted and applied to RICs, the treatment of dividends payable to tax-exempt U.S. stockholders could be adversely affected. In addition, special rules would apply if we were to invest in certain real estate investment trusts or other taxable mortgage pools, which we do not currently plan to do, that could result in a tax- exempt U.S. shareholders recognizing income that would be treated as UBTI. 
 
 Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders 
 
 Whether an investment in our shares is appropriate for a Non-U.S. stockholder will depend upon that person s particular circumstances. An investment in our shares by a Non-U.S. stockholder may have adverse tax consequences. Non-U.S. stockholders should consult their tax advisors before investing in our common stock. 
 
 Distributions of our investment company taxable income to Non-U.S. stockholders (including interest income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized long-term capital losses, which generally would be free of withholding if paid to Non-U.S. stockholders directly) will be subject to withholding of U.S. withholding tax imposed at a 30 rate (or lower rate provided by an applicable treaty) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits unless an applicable exception applies. No withholding generally is required if (i) the distributions are properly reported to our stockholders as interest-related dividends or short-term capital gain dividends, (ii) the distributions were derived from sources specified in the Code for such dividends and (iii) certain other requirements were satisfied. No assurance can be given as to whether any of our distributions will be reported as eligible for this exemption from withholding. 
 
 If the distributions are effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business of the Non-U.S. stockholder in the United States (and if an income tax treaty applies, such distributions are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. Shareholder within the United States), we will not be required to withhold U.S. federal tax if the Non-U.S. stockholder complies with applicable certification and disclosure requirements, although the distributions will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the rates applicable to U.S. persons. (Special certification requirements apply to a Non-U.S. stockholder that is a foreign partnership or a foreign trust, and such entities are urged to consult their own tax advisors.) 
 
 Actual or deemed distributions of our net capital gains to a Non-U.S. stockholder, and gains realized by a Non-U.S. stockholder upon the sale or other disposition of our common stock, will not be subject to U.S. withholding tax and generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (i) the distributions or gains, as the case may be, are effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business of the Non-U.S. stockholder in the United States (and, if an income tax treaty applies, are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. stockholder in the United States) or (ii) in the case of an Non-U.S. individual stockholder, the stockholder is present in the United States for a period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the year of the sale or the receipt of the distributions or gains and certain other conditions are met. 
 
 If we distribute our net capital gains in the form of deemed rather than actual distributions, a Non-U.S. stockholder will be entitled to a U.S. federal income tax credit or tax refund equal to the stockholder s allocable share of the tax we pay on the capital gains deemed to have been distributed. In order to obtain the refund, the Non-U.S. stockholder must obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number and file a U.S. federal income tax return even if the Non-U.S. stockholder would not otherwise be required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number or file a U.S. federal income tax return. For a corporate Non-U.S. stockholder, distributions (both actual and deemed), and gains realized upon the sale of our common stock that are effectively connected to the conduct of a trade or business of the Non-U.S. Stockholder in the United States may, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30 rate (or at a lower rate if provided for by an applicable treaty). Accordingly, investment in the shares may not be appropriate for a Non-U.S. stockholder. 
 
 We must generally report to its Non-U.S. stockholders and the IRS the amount of dividends paid during each calendar year and the amount of any tax withheld. Information reporting requirements may apply even if no withholding was required because the distributions were effectively connected with the Non-U.S. stockholder s conduct of a United States trade or business or withholding was reduced or eliminated by an applicable income tax treaty. This information also may be made available under a specific treaty or agreement with the tax authorities in the country in which the Non-U.S. stockholder resides or is established. Under U.S. federal income tax law, interest, dividends and other reportable payments may, under certain circumstances, be subject to backup withholding at the then applicable rate (currently 24 ). Backup withholding, however, generally will not apply to distributions to a Non-U.S. stockholder, provided the Non-U.S. stockholder furnishes to us the required certification as to its non-U.S. status, such as by providing a valid IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, or certain other requirements are met. Backup withholding is not an additional tax but can be credited against a Non-U.S. stockholder s U.S. federal income tax, and may be refunded to the extent it results in an overpayment of tax and the appropriate information is timely supplied to the IRS. 
 
 22 

Legislation commonly referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, generally imposes a 30 withholding tax on payments of certain types of income to foreign financial institutions, or FFIs unless such FFIs either (i) enter into an agreement with the U.S. Treasury to report certain required information with respect to accounts held by certain specified U.S. persons (or held by foreign entities that have certain specified U.S. persons as substantial owners) or (ii) reside in a jurisdiction that has entered into an intergovernmental agreement, or IGA with the United States to collect and share such information and are in compliance with the terms of such IGA and any enabling legislation or regulations. The types of income subject to the tax include U.S. source interest and dividends. While the Code would also require withholding on payments of the gross proceeds from the sale of any property that could produce U.S. source interest and dividends, the U.S. Treasury Department has indicated in subsequent proposed regulations its intent to eliminate this requirement. The information required to be reported includes the identity and taxpayer identification number of each account holder that is a specified U.S. person and transaction activity within the holder s account. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, this legislation also imposes a 30 withholding on certain payments to certain foreign entities that are not FFIs unless the foreign entity certifies that it does not have a greater than 10 owner that is a specified U.S. person or provides the withholding agent with identifying information on each greater than 10 owner that is a specified U.S. person. Depending on the status of a Non-U.S. stockholder and the status of the intermediaries through which they hold their shares, Non-U.S. stockholders could be subject to this 30 withholding tax with respect to distributions on their shares. Under certain circumstances, a Non-U.S. stockholder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. 
 
 Non-U.S. persons should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax and withholding tax, and state, local and foreign tax consequences of an investment in the shares. 
 
 Important Tax Information 
 
 We generate certain types of income that may be exempt from U.S. withholding tax when distributed to non-U.S. stockholders. Under IRC Section 871(k), a RIC is permitted to designate distributions of qualified interest income and short-term capital gains as exempt from U.S. withholding tax when paid to non-U.S. stockholders with proper documentation. For the 2022 calendar year, 59.65 of our taxable dividends qualified as interest related dividends which are exempt from U.S. withholding tax applicable to non-U.S. stockholders. For the 2021 calendar year, 69.34 of our taxable dividends qualified as interest related dividends which are exempt from U.S. withholding tax applicable to non-U.S. stockholders. 
 
 Under IRC Section 163(j), a RIC is permitted to designate distributions attributable to net business interest income as section 163(j) interest dividends. For the 2022 calendar year, 34.16 of our taxable ordinary dividends qualified as section 163(j) interest dividends. For the 2021 calendar year, 48.94 of our taxable ordinary dividends qualified as section 163(j) interest dividends. 
 
 Failure to Maintain RIC Tax Treatment 
 
 If we were unable to maintain tax treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long term capital gain, would generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of a stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. 
 
 If we fail to meet the RIC requirements for more than two consecutive years and then seek to re-qualify as a RIC, we would be required to recognize gain to the extent of any unrealized appreciation in our assets unless we made a special election to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any such unrealized appreciation during the succeeding 5-year period. 
 
 Possible Legislative or Other Actions Affecting Tax Considerations 
 
 Prospective investors should recognize that the present U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our stock may be modified by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, and that any such action may affect investments and commitments previously made. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process any by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, resulting in revisions of regulations and revised interpretations of established concepts as well as statutory changes. Revisions in U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in our stock. 
 
 23 

The discussion set forth herein does not constitute tax advice, and potential investors should consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax considerations relevant to their particular situation. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a number of significant risks. In addition to the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, you should consider carefully the following information before making an investment in us. The following should not be considered a complete summary of all the risks associated with an investment, but if any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the net asset value per share of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that you should carefully consider before investing in our securities. 
 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 
 A failure on our part to maintain our qualification as a business development company would significantly reduce our operating flexibility. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a business development company and RIC will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. 
 A significant portion of our investment portfolio will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors for quarter-end periods and by our Valuation Designee for intra-quarter periods and, as a result, there could be uncertainty as to the actual market value of our portfolio investments. 
 Because our business model depends to a significant extent upon the business relationships of our Adviser, the inability of our Adviser to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
 The amount and timing of distributions are uncertain and distributions may be funded from the proceeds of future offerings and may represent a return of capital. 
 We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code or do not satisfy the annual distribution requirement. 
 Because we intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our stockholders in connection with our election to be treated as a RIC, we will continue to need additional capital to finance our growth. If additional funds are unavailable or not available on favorable terms, our ability to grow will be impaired. 
 Risks Relating to Our Adviser and Its Affiliates 
 We will rely on our Adviser and its investment personnel for the selection of our assets and the monitoring of our investments. 
 There are significant potential conflicts of interest which could adversely impact our investment returns. 
 Our fee structure may induce our Adviser to cause us to borrow and make speculative investments. 
 Risks Relating to Our Investments 
 Our investments in prospective portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 Investing in small and mid-sized companies involves a number of significant risks. 
 An investment strategy focused primarily on privately-held companies presents certain challenges, including the lack of available information about these companies. 
 Defaults by our portfolio companies will harm our operating results. 
 We generally will not control the portfolio companies in which we make debt investments. 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 We may not have the funds or ability to make additional investments in the companies in which we invest. 
 Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged. 
 Rising interest rates may adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The discontinuation of LIBOR may adversely affect the value of floating-rate debt securities in our portfolio. 
 Risks Relating to Our Investments in CLOs 
 Our investments in CLOs may be riskier and less transparent to us and our stockholders than direct investments in the underlying companies. 
 Our financial results may be affected adversely if one or more of our significant equity or junior debt investments in a CLO vehicle defaults on our payment obligations or fails to perform as we expect. 
 24 

CLOs typically will have no significant assets other than their underlying senior secured loans; payments on CLO investments are and will be payable solely from the cash flows from such senior secured loans. 
 Our CLO investments will be exposed to leveraged credit risk. 
 The payment of underlying portfolio manager fees and other charges on CLO investments could adversely impact our return on our CLO investments. 
 The inability of a CLO collateral manager to reinvest the proceeds of the prepayment of senior secured loans may adversely affect us. 
 Our CLO investments are subject to prepayments and calls, increasing re-investment risk. 
 We will have no influence on management of underlying investments managed by non-affiliated third party CLO collateral managers. 
 Risks Relating to Economic Conditions 
 Adverse economic conditions or increased competition for investment opportunities could delay deployment of our capital, reduce returns and result in losses. 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair a company in which we invest and harm our operating results. 
 Changes in interest rates may adversely affect our cost of capital, net investment income and ability to borrow money. 
 Risks Relating to Our Offering and Our Common Stock 
 If we conduct an offering and are unable to raise substantial funds, we will be limited in the number and type of investments we may make, and the value of your investment in us may be reduced in the event our assets under-perform. 
 The shares sold in any offering will not be listed on an exchange or quoted through a quotation system for the foreseeable future, if ever. Therefore, if you purchase shares in a future offering, you will have limited liquidity. 
 Although we have offered to repurchase your shares on a quarterly basis through our share repurchase program, the terms of any such repurchases will be limited. As a result, you will have limited opportunities to sell your shares. 
 The timing of our share repurchase offers pursuant to our share repurchase program may be at a time that is disadvantageous to our stockholders. 
 Our Distribution Reinvestment Plan will dilute the interest of those who do not opt-in. 
 Risks Relating to Debt Financing 
 Our use of borrowed funds to make investments will expose us to risks typically associated with leverage. 
 If we default under our Credit Facility or any subsequent credit facility or are unable to amend, repay or refinance any such facility on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may suffer material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Risks Relating to Business Development Companies 
 The requirement that we invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could preclude us from investing in accordance with our current business strategy; conversely, the failure to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could result in our failure to maintain our status as a BDC. 
 We may incur additional leverage. 
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Risks 
 Legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on us. 
 We may be subject to U.S. federal income tax if we fail to qualify as a RIC. 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 
 You may receive shares of our common stock as distributions, which could result in adverse tax consequences to you. 
 If we do not qualify as a publicly offered regulated investment company, as defined in the Code, you will be taxed as though you received a distribution of some of our expenses. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Global economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. 
 We are dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Inflation can adversely impact our cost of capital and the value of our portfolio investments. 
 The prolonged Russian invasion of Ukraine and the resulting international response may have a material adverse impact on us and our portfolio companies. 
 Until we raise sufficient capital to build an investment portfolio that generates sufficient revenue to cover our operating expenses, our continued operations are dependent upon the New ELA entered into with the Adviser. 

25 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 

26 

27 

28 

29 

Risks Relating to Our Adviser and Its Affiliates 
 
 We will rely on our Adviser and its investment personnel for the selection of our assets and the monitoring of our investments. 
 
 We will have no internal employees. We will depend on the ability, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of our Adviser and its investment committee to identify potential investments, to negotiate such acquisitions, to oversee the management of the investments, and to arrange their timely disposition. The departure of any of the members of our Adviser could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. There can be no assurances that the individuals affiliated with the Adviser who will manage our portfolio will continue to be affiliated with the Adviser, or that the Adviser will be able to obtain suitable replacements if they leave. In addition, we can offer no assurance that our Adviser will remain our investment adviser, or that we will continue to have access to its investment professionals or their information and deal flow. 
 
 There are significant potential conflicts of interest which could adversely impact our investment returns. 
 
 Our executive officers and directors, and the principals of our Adviser, serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds managed by their affiliates. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in the best interests of us or our stockholders. In addition, the principals of our Adviser may manage other funds which may from time to time have overlapping investment objectives with ours and, accordingly, may invest in asset classes similar to those targeted by us. If this should occur, the principals of our Adviser may face conflicts of interest in the allocation of investment opportunities to us and such other funds. Although our Adviser s investment professionals may endeavor to create independent teams to represent 
 30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

) ) 
 
 48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

53 

54 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our principal executive offices are located at 10 East 40th Street, New York, New York 10016, where we occupy our office space pursuant to our Administration Agreement with Prospect Administration. The office facilities, which are leased by our Administrator, consist of various leases expiring up to and through 2023. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as currently conducted. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. These matters may relate to intellectual property, employment, tax, regulation, contract or other matters. The resolution of such matters as may arise will be subject to various uncertainties and, even if such claims are without merit, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We are not aware of any material legal proceedings as of June 30, 2023. 

55 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 There is no established public trading market for our common stock, and we do not expect one to develop. Therefore, there is a risk that a shareholder may not be able to sell our stock at a time or price acceptable to the shareholder, or at all. 
 
 Prior Continuous Public Offering of Common Stock 
 
 We previously publicly offered for sale a maximum amount of 300,000,000 in shares of common stock on a "best efforts" basis with Triton Pacific Securities, LLC (the "Dealer Manager") serving as the dealer manager for the offering pursuant to a dealer manager agreement, as amended. The Dealer Manager was not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of shares but would use its best efforts to sell the shares offered. Effective February 19, 2021, the offering was terminated and, as a result, the dealer manager agreement terminated in accordance with its terms and the Dealer Manager ceased serving as our dealer manager effective as of such date. 
 
 If our net asset value increased during the offering, our offering price would be adjusted to ensure that shares were not sold at a price per share, after deduction of selling commissions and dealer manager fees, that was below our net asset value per share. In connection with each closing of sales of our shares in the offering, our Board of Directors or a committee thereof was required within 48 hours of the time of such closing, to make the determination that we were not selling shares of our common stock at a price which, after deducting the sales load, was below our then current net asset value per share. The Board of Directors or a committee thereof would consider the following factors, among others, in making such determination: 
 
 The net asset value per share of our common stock disclosed in the most recent periodic report we filed with the SEC; 
 Our management s assessment of whether any material change in our net asset value per share has occurred (including through the realization of net gains on the sale of our portfolio investments) from the period beginning on the date of the most recently disclosed net asset value per share to the period ending two days prior to the date of the closing; and 
 The magnitude of the difference between the net asset value per share disclosed in the most recent periodic report we filed with the SEC and our management s assessment of any material change in the net asset value per share since the date of the most recently disclosed net asset value per share, and the offering price of the shares of our common stock at the date of closing. 
 
 Importantly, this determination did not require that we calculate net asset value per share in connection with each closing and sale of shares of our common stock, but instead it involved the determination by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof that, at the time at which the closing and sale was made, we were not selling shares of our common stock at a price which, after deducting the sales load, was materially below the then current net asset value per share. 
 
 Moreover, to the extent that there was even a remote possibility that we may (i) issue shares of our common stock at a price which, after deducting the sales load, was materially below the then current net asset value per share of our common stock at the time at which the closing and sale was made or (ii) triggered the undertaking (which we provided to the SEC in our registration statement to suspend the offering of shares of our common stock pursuant to our registration statement if our net asset value per share fluctuated by certain amounts in certain circumstances until our registration statement was amended, our Board of Directors or a committee thereof would elect, in the case of clause (i) above, either to postpone the closing until such time that there was no longer the possibility of the occurrence of such event or to undertake to determine net asset value per share within two days prior to any such sale to ensure that such sale would not be at a price which, after deducting the sales load, was materially below our then current net asset value per share, and, in the case of clause (ii) above, to comply with such undertaking or to undertake to determine net asset value per share to ensure that such undertaking has not been triggered. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, 2,409,452 shares were outstanding. 

56 

Holders 
 
 Set forth below is a chart describing the authorized classes and the single class of our securities outstanding as of September 27, 2023: 
 (1) Title of Class (2) Amount Authorized (3) Amount Held by Us or for Our Account (4) Amount Outstanding Exclusive of Amount Under Column (3) Class A Common Stock 37,500,000 2,407,905 Class T Common Stock 37,500,000 
 
 As of September 27, 2023, we had 1,056 record holders of our common stock. No shares of our common stock have been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plan. Effective March 2, 2016, all shares of our common stock issued and outstanding at that time were automatically converted into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 Repurchase Program 
 
 We do not currently intend to list our shares on any securities exchange and we do not expect a public market for our shares to develop in the foreseeable future, if ever. Therefore, stockholders should not expect to be able to sell their shares promptly or at a desired price. No stockholder will have the right to require us to repurchase any of his or her shares. Because no public market exists for our shares, and none is expected to develop, stockholders should not expect to be able to liquidate their investment prior to any listing, liquidation or other liquidity event, other than through our share repurchase program, or, in limited circumstances, as a result of transfers of shares to other eligible investors. 
 
 We commenced our share repurchase program in the second quarter of 2016 in our capacity as TPIC. Repurchases are made on such terms as may be determined by our Board of Directors in its complete and absolute discretion unless, in the judgment of the independent directors of our Board of Directors, such repurchases would not be in the best interests of our stockholders or would violate applicable law. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, a Maryland corporation may not make a distribution to stockholders, including pursuant to our share repurchase program, if, after giving effect to the distribution, (i) the corporation would not be able to pay its indebtedness in the ordinary course or (ii) the corporation s total assets would be less than its total liabilities plus preferential amounts payable on dissolution with respect to preferred stock. We anticipate conducting such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 of the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. In months in which we repurchase shares, we expect to conduct repurchases on the same date that we hold our closings for the sale of shares in our offering. 
 
 The board also will consider the following factors, among others, in making its determination regarding whether to cause us to offer to repurchase shares and under what terms: 
 
 The effect of such repurchases on our qualification as a RIC (including the consequences of any necessary asset sales); 
 The liquidity of our assets (including fees and costs associated with disposing of assets); 
 Our investment plans and working capital requirements; 
 The relative economies of scale with respect to our size; 
 Our history in repurchasing shares or portions thereof; and 
 The condition of the securities markets. 
 
 We currently intend to limit the number of shares to be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of shares we can repurchase with the cash retained as a result of issuing shares under our distribution reinvestment plan to those stockholders who have elected to receive their distributions in the form of additional shares rather than in cash. At the discretion of our Board of Directors, we may also use cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from liquidation of securities investments as of the end of the applicable period to repurchase shares. In addition, we do not expect to repurchase shares in any calendar year in excess of 10 of the weighted average number of shares outstanding in the prior calendar year, or 2.5 in each quarter though the actual number of shares that we offer to repurchase may be less in light of the limitations noted above. Our Board of Directors reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to limit the number of shares to be repurchased by applying the limitations on the number of shares to be repurchased, noted above. We further anticipate that we will offer to repurchase such shares on each date of repurchase at a price equal to the current net offering price or net asset value per share, as applicable, on each date of repurchase. If the amount of repurchase requests exceeds the number of shares we seek to repurchase, we will repurchase shares on a pro-rata basis. As a result, we may repurchase less than the full amount of shares that you submit for repurchase. If we do not repurchase the full amount of your shares that you have requested to be repurchased, or we determine 
 57 

not to make repurchases of our shares, you may not be able to dispose of your shares. Any periodic repurchase offers will be subject in part to our available cash and compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 
 The Board of Directors will require that we repurchase shares or portions thereof from you pursuant to written tender offer materials only on terms they determine to be fair to us and to all of our stockholders. Repurchases of your shares by us will be paid in cash. Repurchases will be effective after receipt and acceptance by us of all eligible written submissions of shares from our stockholders. Our Adviser, our directors and their respective affiliates are prohibited from receiving a fee in any repurchase by us of our shares. 
 
 When the Board of Directors determines that we will offer to repurchase shares, we will furnish tender offer materials to you describing the terms of repurchase, and containing information you should consider in deciding whether and how to participate in the repurchase opportunity. 
 
 Any tender offer presented to our stockholders will remain open for a minimum of 20 business days following the commencement of the tender offer. In the materials that we will send to our stockholders, we will include the date that the tender offer will expire. All tenders for repurchase requests must be received prior to the expiration of the tender offer in order to be valid. If there are any material revisions to the tender offer materials (not including the price at which shares may be tendered) sent to our stockholders, we will send revised materials reflecting such changes and will extend the tender offer period by a minimum of an additional five business days. If the price at which shares may be tendered is changed, we will extend the tender offer period by a minimum of an additional ten business days. 
 
 In order to submit shares to be tendered, stockholders will be required to complete a letter of transmittal, which will be included in the materials sent to our stockholders, as well as any other documents required by the letter of transmittal. At any time prior to the expiration of the tender offer, stockholders may withdraw their tenders by submitting a notice of withdrawal to us. If shares have not been accepted for payment by us, tenders may be withdrawn any time prior to 40 business days following the expiration of the tender offer. 
 
 We will not repurchase shares, or fractions thereof, if such repurchase will cause us to be in violation of the securities or other laws of the United States, Maryland or any other relevant jurisdiction. 
 
 If any of our Adviser s affiliates holds shares, any such affiliates may tender shares in connection with any repurchase offer we make on the same basis as any other stockholder. Except for the initial capital contribution of our Adviser, our Adviser will not tender its shares for repurchase as long as our Adviser remains our investment adviser. 
 
 We intend to rely on an exemptive order from the SEC to provide relief from Rule 102 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act in connection with our proposed share repurchase program. If we modify any of the material terms of our proposed share repurchase program, including the price at which we would offer to make repurchases, we will reflect such revisions in a sticker supplement to the prospectus. 
 
 You have the option of placing a transfer on death, or TOD, designation on your shares purchased in our offering. A TOD designation transfers ownership of your shares to your designated beneficiary upon your death. This designation may only be made by individuals, not entities, who are the sole or joint owners with right of survivorship of the shares. However, this option is not available to residents of the states of Louisiana or North Carolina. If you would like to place a TOD designation on your shares, you must check the TOD box on the subscription agreement and you must complete and return the transfer on death form available upon request to us in order to effect the designation. 
 
 Completed Share Repurchases 
 
 Below is a summary of transactions with respect to shares of common stock during each tender offer during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 58 

Quarterly Offer Date Repurchase Date Shares Repurchased Percentage of Shares Tendered That Were Repurchased Repurchase Price Per Share Aggregate Consideration for Repurchased Shares Year ended June 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 August 1, 2022 21,818 9 6.99 152,505 December 31, 2022 November 7, 2022 23,434 11 6.65 155,832 Total for year ended June 30, 2023 45,252 308,337 Year ended June 30, 2022 September 30, 2021 August 2, 2021 24,081 10 8.33 200,595 December 31, 2021 November 4, 2021 24,286 11 8.24 200,121 March 31, 2022 February 1, 2022 23,462 12 8.13 190,747 June 30, 2022 May 9, 2022 23,198 10 7.87 182,571 Total for year ended June 30, 2022 95,027 774,034 Year ended June 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 July 22, 2020 28,786 44 8.25 237,488 December 31, 2020 November 2, 2020 26,986 15 8.49 229,113 March 31, 2021 February 10, 2021 21,588 10 8.90 192,133 June 30, 2021 May 10, 2021 23,665 11 8.50 201,149 Total for year ended June 30, 2021 101,025 859,883 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 In order to satisfy the reinvestment portion of our dividends for the year ended June 30, 2023, we issued the following shares of common stock to stockholders of record on the dates noted below as part of our distribution reinvestment plan. These issuances were not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Date of Issuance Record Date Number of Shares Purchase Price per Share August 5, 2022 July 29, 2022 8,457 6.99 September 2, 2022 August 26, 2022 6,748 6.99 October 7, 2022 September 30, 2022 7,528 6.99 November 4, 2022 October 28, 2022 6,281 6.65 December 2, 2022 November 25, 2022 5,918 6.65 January 6, 2023 December 30, 2022 7,400 6.65 February 3, 2023 January 27, 2023 5,949 6.65 March 3, 2023 February 24, 2023 5,977 6.23 April 7, 2023 March 31, 2023 7,187 6.23 May 5, 2023 April 28, 2023 5,724 6.23 June 2, 2023 May 26, 2023 5,672 6.07 July 7, 2023 June 30, 2023 7,130 6.07 
 On June 16, 2023, under our share repurchase program, we made a tender offer to purchase up to the number of shares of our issued and outstanding Class A common stock we could repurchase with the cash we retained during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 as a result of issuing shares through our distribution reinvestment plan to those shareholders who elected to receive their distributions in the form of additional shares rather than in cash. The total cash retained during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 as a result of issuing shares through our distribution reinvestment plan prior to this tender offer was approximately 121,571. The tender offer was for cash at a price equal to the net asset value per share as of July 14, 2023. The Offer expired at 4:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on July 19, 2023, and a total of 287,908 Shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as of such date. In accordance with the terms of the Offer, the Company purchased 19,962 Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn at a price equal to 6.09 per Share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 121,571. 
 59 

Distributions 
 
 General 
 
 Subject to our Board of Directors sole discretion and applicable legal restrictions, our Board of Directors authorizes and declares a monthly distribution amount per share of our common stock. We will then calculate each stockholder s specific distribution amount for the month using record and declaration dates, and your distributions will begin to accrue on the date we accept your subscription for shares of our common stock. From time to time, we may also pay interim distributions at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Each year a statement on Internal Revenue Service Form 1099-DIV (or any successor form) identifying the source of the distribution (i.e., (i) paid from investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus our realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital gains, (ii) paid from net capital gain, which is our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net-short term capital losses, and/or (iii) a return of paid-in capital surplus, which is generally a nontaxable distribution) will be mailed to our stockholders. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any distributions or that our Board of Directors will declare any distributions. 
 
 We may fund our cash distributions to stockholders from any sources of funds legally available to us, including offering proceeds, borrowings, net investment income from operations, capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, non-capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, dividends or other distributions paid to us on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies and expense reimbursements from our Adviser. We have not established limits on the amount of funds we may use from available sources to make distributions. 
 
 It is possible that a portion of the distributions we make will represent a return of capital. A return of capital generally is a return of stockholders investment rather than a return of earnings or gains derived from our investment activities and will be made after deducting the fees and expenses payable in connection with our continuous public offering, including any fees payable to our Adviser. Moreover, a return of capital will generally not be taxable, but will reduce each stockholder s cost basis in our common stock, and will result in a higher reported capital gain or lower reported capital loss when the common stock on which such return of capital was received is sold. Stockholders will be notified of the sources of our distributions (i.e., paid from ordinary income, paid from net capital gains on the sale of securities, and/or a return of capital). See Business - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company. 
 
 We intend to make our regular distributions in the form of cash, out of assets legally available for distribution, unless stockholders elect to receive their distributions in additional shares of our common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan. Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of common stock to stockholders who elect to participate in our dividend reinvestment plan will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, such stockholders will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes. Stockholders receiving distributions in the form of additional shares of common stock will be treated as receiving a distribution in the amount of the fair market value of our shares of common stock. If stockholders hold shares in the name of a broker or financial intermediary, they should contact such broker or financial intermediary regarding their option to elect to receive distributions in additional shares of our common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan in lieu of cash. 
 
 To maintain RIC tax treatment, we generally must, among other things, distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gain in excess of realized net long-term capital loss, if any. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we currently intend to distribute, or be deemed to distribute, during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our recognized capital gain in excess of recognized capital loss for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any ordinary income or capital gains recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from paying distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. See Business - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company. 
 
 We have adopted an opt in distribution reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we make a distribution, then stockholders will receive distributions in cash unless they specifically opt in to the distribution reinvestment plan so as to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. 
 
 The following tables reflect the cash distributions per share that were declared and paid on common stock by PFLOAT during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, respectively: 
 
 60 

Fiscal year 2023 Distributions Record Date Payment date PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, per share PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, Amount Distributed July 29, 2022 August 5, 2022 0.05305 126,365 August 26, 2022 September 2, 2022 0.04244 100,522 September 30, 2022 October 7, 2022 0.04720 112,104 October 28, 2022 November 4, 2022 0.03776 89,974 November 25, 2022 December 2, 2022 0.03580 84,685 December 30, 2022 January 6, 2023 0.04475 106,123 January 27, 2023 February 3, 2023 0.03580 85,162 February 24, 2023 March 3, 2023 0.03344 79,752 March 31, 2023 April 7, 2023 0.04180 99,949 April 28, 2023 May 5, 2023 0.03344 80,192 May 26, 2023 June 2, 2023 0.03260 78,362 June 30, 2023 July 7, 2023 0.04075 98,197 Total for the Year Ended June 30, 2023 1,141,387 
 
 Fiscal year 2022 Distributions Record Date Payment date PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, per share PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, Amount Distributed July 2, 9, 16, 23, and 30, 2021 August 4, 2021 0.06505 155,328 August 6, 13, 20, and 27, 2021 September 1, 2021 0.05204 123,740 September 3, 10, 17, and 24, 2021 October 1, 2021 0.04488 107,115 October 1, 8, 15, 22, and 29, 2021 November 5, 2021 0.05610 133,979 November 5, 12, 19, and 26, 2021 December 3, 2021 0.04488 106,670 December 3, 10, 17, 24 and 31, 2021 January 7, 2021 0.05545 132,137 January 7, 14, 21 and 28, 2022 February 4, 2022 0.04436 105,803 February 4, 11, 18 and 25, 2022 March 4, 2022 0.04436 105,304 March 25, 2022(1) April 1, 2022 0.04376 104,118 April 29, 2022(1) May 6, 2022 0.05470 130,475 May 27, 2022(1) June 3, 2022 0.04376 103,704 June 24, 2022(1) July 1, 2022 0.04244 100,836 Total for the Year Ended June 30, 2022 1,409,209 (1) Beginning March 2022, record dates are recorded as of the close of business at the last Friday of the end of the month. 
 61 

62 

Fiscal year 2021 Distributions Record Date Payment date PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, per share PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, Amount Distributed July 6, 10, 17, 24 and 31, 2020 August 7, 2020 0.05895 139,125 August 7, 14, 21 and 28, 2020 September 4, 2020 0.04716 111,326 September 4, 11, 18 and 25, 2020 October 2, 2020 0.05012 119,152 October 2, 9, 16, 23 and 30, 2020 November 6, 2020 0.06265 149,320 November 6, 13, 20 and 27, 2020 December 4, 2020 0.05012 119,146 December 4, 11, 18 and 25, 2020 January 4, 2021 0.05048 120,377 January 4, 8, 15, 22 and 29, 2021 February 5, 2021 0.06310 150,666 February 5, 12, 19 and 26, 2021 March 5, 2021 0.05048 120,099 March 5, 12, 19, and 26, 2021 April 2, 2021 0.05204 124,150 April 2, 9, 16, 23, and 30, 2021 May 7, 2021 0.06505 155,656 May 7, 14, 21, and 28, 2021 June 7, 2021 0.05204 123,767 June 4, 11, 18, and 25, 2021 July 2, 2021 0.05204 124,046 Total for the Year Ended June 30, 2021 1,556,830 
 
 PFLOAT Distributions 
 
 While our fiscal year end for financial reporting purposes is June 30 of each year, our tax year end is December 31 of each year. The information presented in this item is based on our tax year end for each period presented, unless otherwise specified. 
 
 For income tax purposes, distributions made to stockholders are reported as ordinary income, capital gains, non-taxable return of capital, or combination thereof. 
 
 The tax character of distributions paid to the Company's shareholders during the tax years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Tax Year Ended December 31, 2022 (1) 
 December 31, 2021 Ordinary income 1,195,912 647,336 Return of capital 131,777 926,844 Total distributions paid to stockholders 1,327,689 (2) 
 1,574,180 (3) 
 
 (1) Final determination of tax character will not be final until we file our return for the tax year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) For the tax year ended December 31, 2022, 80,441 of the 2021 declared distributions are allocable to 2022 for federal income tax purposes and are reported on the 2022 Form 1099-DIV. For the tax year ended December 31, 2022, 22,758 of the 2022 declared distributions are allocable to 2023 for federal income tax purposes and will be reported on the 2023 Form 1099-DIV. 
 (3) For the tax year ended December 31, 2021, 97,268 of the 2020 declared distributions are allocable to 2021 for federal income tax purposes and was reported on the 2021 Form 1099-DIV. For the tax year ended December 31, 2021, 80,441 of the 2021 declared distributions are allocable to 2022 for federal income tax purposes and are reported on the 2022 Form 1099-DIV. 
 
 Item 6: Reserved 
 
 Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K (the "Annual Report"). In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this Annual Report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ significantly from any results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere herein. 
 
 63 

The terms PFLOAT, the Company, we, us and our mean Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 We are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). 
 
 On March 31, 2019, Pathway Capital Opportunity Fund, Inc. PWAY merged with and into us (the Merger ). As the combined surviving company, we were renamed as TP Flexible Income Fund, Inc. (we were formerly known as Triton Pacific Investment Corporation, Inc. TPIC )). In connection with our adoption of a policy to invest, under normal market conditions, at least 80 of our net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) in floating rate loans and other income producing investments, effective September 16, 2022, we changed our name to Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. In connection with the Merger, Prospect Flexible Income Management, LLC ("PFIM"), an affiliate of PWAY, became our investment adviser, and Prospect Administration LLC (the "Administrator" or "Prospect Administration"), an affiliate of PFIM and our new investment adviser, Prospect Capital Management L.P. (the "Adviser"), became our administrator. Although PWAY merged with and into us, PWAY is considered the accounting survivor of the Merger and its historical financial statements are included and discussed herein and in other applicable reports that we file with the SEC. 
 
 On April 20, 2021, we entered into an investment advisory agreement (the "Investment Advisory Agreement") with the Adviser, which was approved by our Board of Directors, including by all of the directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act). Our stockholders approved the Investment Advisory Agreement at a Special Meeting of Stockholders held on March 31, 2021. The Investment Advisory Agreement replaces our prior investment advisory agreement, dated March 31, 2019 (the Former Investment Advisory Agreement ), with PFIM, our former investment adviser, which terminated effective April 20, 2021. The Investment Advisory Agreement is identical in all material respects to the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, except for its date of effectiveness, term and the Adviser serving as our investment adviser instead of PFIM. As such, the Former Investment Advisory Agreement and the Investment Advisory Agreement contain the same terms, provisions, conditions and fee rates, and provide for the same management services to be conducted by the Adviser as were conducted by PFIM. 
 
 On November 5, 2021, we amended and restated the Investment Advisory Agreement (the "Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement") to reduce the base management fee from an annual rate of 1.75 to 1.20 and eliminate the incentive fee payable to the Adviser thereunder, effective as of January 1, 2022 and until the one year anniversary of the listing of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange (the Listing Anniversary ). Following the Listing Anniversary (1) the base management fee will be calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 commencing with the first base management fee calculation that occurs thereafter, and (2) the Adviser will be entitled to receive an incentive fee, if any, under the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement commencing with the first calendar quarter thereafter. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement was most recently approved by our Board of Directors, including all of our directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), on June 15, 2023. 
 
 For additional information regarding the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, please refer to Investment Advisory Fees below. 
 
 We previously publicly offered for sale a maximum amount of 300,000,000 in shares of common stock on a "best efforts" basis with Triton Pacific Securities, LLC (the "Dealer Manager") serving as the dealer manager for the offering pursuant to a dealer manager agreement, as amended. The Dealer Manager was not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of shares but would use its best efforts to sell the shares offered. Effective February 19, 2021, the offering was terminated and, as a result, the dealer manager agreement terminated in accordance with its terms and the Dealer Manager ceased serving as our dealer manager effective as of such date. Effective September 19, 2022, we engaged Preferred Capital Securities, LLC PCS as our dealer manager for our offering to accredited investors (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act )) of shares of our common stock (the Private Offering on the terms and conditions 
 64 

set forth in our confidential private placement memorandum. We are relying on the exemption provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in connection with our Private Offering. 
 
 As of September 27, 2023, we have sold a total of 2,407,905 shares of common stock, including 457,861 shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, for gross proceeds of approximately 31,947,301, including the reduction due to 4,588,193) in shares repurchased pursuant to the Company s share repurchase program and 14,815 shares of common stock sold to Triton Pacific Adviser, LLC, our former investment adviser (the TPIC Adviser in exchange for gross proceeds of 200,003. As a result of the Merger, the Company issued 775,193 shares. 
 Our Adviser 
 Our Adviser is a Delaware limited liability company and is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Our Adviser is led by John F. Barry III and M. Grier Eliasek, two senior executives with significant investment advisory and business experience. Mr. Barry currently controls our Adviser. 
 Fourth Quarter Highlights 
 Investment Transactions 
 We seek to be a long-term investor with our portfolio companies. During the three months and twelve months ended June 30, 2023, there were no purchased investment securities (excluding short-term securities). During the three months ended June 30, 2023, there was a noncash restructured investment in the amount of 1,758,226. During the same three month and twelve month period ended June 30, 2023, sales and redemptions of investment securities, including noncash restructured investments, (excluding short-term securities) were 9,800,313 and 13,977,527, respectively, resulting in a total net portfolio decline of (8,042,087) for the three months ended June 30, 2023 and a total net portfolio decline of (12,219,301) for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Debt Issuances and Redemptions 
 During the three months and twelve months ended June 30, 2023, we paid down 6,877,000 and 11,900,000, respectively, on our Credit Facility (as defined herein) for a total of 8,600,000 outstanding on our credit facility as of June 30, 2023. See "Credit Facility". 
 Equity Issuances 
 As part of the distribution reinvestment plan, we issued 7,187, 5,724 and 5,672 shares of our common stock on April 7, 2023, May 5, 2023 and June 2, 2023, respectively. 
 Investments 
 Our investment objective is to generate current income and, as a secondary objective, capital appreciation by targeting investment opportunities with favorable risk-adjusted returns. Under normal market conditions, we will invest at least 80 of our net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) in floating rate loans and other income producing investments. We intend to meet our investment objective by primarily lending to and investing in the debt of privately-owned U.S. middle market companies. We may on occasion invest in smaller or larger companies if an attractive opportunity presents itself, especially when there are dislocations in the capital markets. We expect to focus primarily on directly originating senior secured first lien loans and senior secured second lien loans and making investments in syndicated senior secured first lien loans, syndicated senior secured second lien loans, and to a lesser extent, subordinated debt, of middle market companies in a broad range of industries. Syndicated secured loans refer to commercial loans provided by a group of lenders that are structured, arranged, and administered by one or several commercial or investment banks, known as arrangers. These loans are then sold (or syndicated) to other banks or institutional investors. Syndicated secured loans may have a first priority lien on a borrower s assets (i.e., senior secured first lien loans), a second priority lien on a borrower s assets (i.e., senior secured second lien loans), or a lower lien or unsecured position on the borrower s assets (i.e., subordinated debt). We expect our target credit investments will typically have initial maturities between three and ten years and generally range in size between 1 million and 100 million, although the investment size will vary with the size of our capital base. We expect that the majority of our debt investments will bear interest at floating interest rates, but our portfolio may also include fixed-rate investments. We also expect to make our investments directly through the primary issuance by the borrower or in the secondary market. 
 We will generally source our investments primarily through our Adviser. We believe the investment management team of our Adviser has a significant amount of experience in the credit business, including originating, underwriting, principal investing and loan structuring. Our Adviser has access to 126 professionals, 49 of whom perform investment advisory functions. 
 We expect to dynamically allocate our assets in varying types of investments based on our analysis of the credit markets, which may result in our portfolio becoming more concentrated in particular types of credit instruments (such as senior secured loans) and less invested in other types of credit instruments. The loans in which we intend to invest are often rated by a nationally 
 65 

recognized ratings organization, and generally carry a rating below investment grade (rated lower than Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service or lower than BBB- by Standard Poor s Corporation - also known as high yield or junk bonds ). However, we may also invest in non-rated debt securities. 
 To seek to enhance our returns, we may employ leverage as market conditions permit and at the discretion of our Adviser, but in no event will leverage employed exceed the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. 
 As part of our investment objective to generate current income, we expect that at least 70 of our investments will consist primarily of directly originated or syndicated senior secured first lien loans, directly originated or syndicated senior secured second lien loans, and to a lesser extent, subordinated debt. We expect that up to 30 of our investments will consist of other securities, including private equity (both common and preferred), dividend-paying equity, royalties, and the equity and junior debt tranches of collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs"), which we also refer to as subordinated structured notes ("SSNs"). The senior secured loans underlying our CLO investments are expected typically to be BB or B rated (non-investment grade, which are often referred to as high yield or junk and in limited circumstances, unrated, senior secured loans. 
 As a BDC, we are subject to certain regulatory restrictions in making our investments. For example, we have in the past and expect in the future to co-invest on a concurrent basis with certain affiliates, consistent with applicable regulations and our allocation procedures. On January 13, 2020, (amended on August 2, 2022), the parent company of the Adviser received an exemptive order from the SEC granting the ability to negotiate terms, other than price and quantity, of co-investment transactions with other funds managed by our Adviser or certain affiliates, including us, Prospect Capital Corporation and Priority Income Fund, Inc., subject to certain conditions included therein. Under the terms of the Order permitting us to co-invest with other funds managed by our Adviser or its affiliates, a majority of our independent directors who have no financial interest in the transaction must make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. The Order also imposes reporting and record keeping requirements and limitations on transactional fees. We may only co-invest with certain entities affiliated with our Adviser in negotiated transactions originated by our Adviser or its affiliates in accordance with such Order and existing regulatory guidance. See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. These co-investment transactions may give rise to conflicts of interest or perceived conflicts of interest among us and the other participating accounts. To mitigate these conflicts, our Adviser and its affiliates will seek to allocate portfolio transactions for all of the participating investment accounts, including us, on a fair and equitable basis, taking into account such factors as the relative amounts of capital available for new investments, the applicable investment programs and portfolio positions, the clients for which participation is appropriate and any other factors deemed appropriate. We intend to make all of our investments in compliance with the 1940 Act and in a manner that will not jeopardize our status as a BDC or RIC. 
 As a BDC, we are permitted under the 1940 Act to borrow funds to finance portfolio investments. To enhance our opportunity for gain, we intend to employ leverage as market conditions permit. At the 2019 Annual Meeting, TPIC s stockholders approved a proposal allowing us to modify our asset coverage ratio requirement from 200 to 150 . As a result, we were allowed to increase our leverage capacity effective as of March 16, 2019. The use of leverage, although it may increase returns, may also increase the risk of loss to our investors, particularly if the level of our leverage is high and the value of our investments declines. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenue in the form of dividends, interest and capital gains on the debt securities, equity interests and CLOs that we hold. In addition, we may generate revenue from our portfolio companies in the form of commitment, origination, structuring or diligence fees, monitoring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and possibly consulting fees and performance-based fees. Any such fees will be recognized as earned. 
 Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses will be the payment of advisory fees and other expenses under the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. The advisory fees will compensate our Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, executing, monitoring and servicing our investments. 
 We will bear all other expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to: 
 corporate and organizational expenses relating to offerings of our common stock, subject to limitations included in the investment advisory and management services agreement; 
 the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 
 66 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchase of shares of our common stock and other securities; 
 investment advisory fees; 
 fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments and valuing investments, including fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments; 
 transfer agent and custodial fees; 
 fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 
 federal and state registration fees; 
 federal, state and local taxes; 
 independent directors fees and expenses; 
 costs of proxy statements, stockholders reports and notices; 
 fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 
 direct costs such as printing, mailing, long distance telephone, and staff; 
 fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws; 
 brokerage commissions for our investments; 
 legal, accounting and other costs associated with structuring, negotiating, documenting and completing our investment transactions; 
 all other expenses incurred by our Adviser, in performing its obligations, subject to the limitations included in the Investment Advisory Agreement; and 
 all other expenses incurred by either our Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments to our Administrator under the Administration Agreement (as defined herein) that will be based upon our allocable portion of its overhead and other expenses incurred in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of our chief executive officer, chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs. 
 Reimbursement of our Administrator for Administrative Services 
 We will reimburse our Administrator for the administrative expenses necessary for its performance of services to us. Such costs will be reasonably allocated to us on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other reasonable methods. However, such reimbursement is made in an amount equal to the lower of the Administrator s actual costs or the amount that we would be required to pay for comparable administrative services in the same geographic location. We will not reimburse our Administrator for any services for which it receives a separate fee or for rent, depreciation, utilities, capital equipment or other administrative items allocated to a controlling person of our Administrator. 
 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 During the three months and twelve months ended June 30, 2023, there were no purchased investment securities (excluding short-term securities). During the three months ended June 30, 2023, there was a noncash restructured investment in the amount of 1,758,226. During the same three month and twelve month period ended June 30, 2023, sales and redemptions of investment securities, including noncash restructured investments, (excluding short-term securities) were 9,800,313 and 13,977,527, respectively, resulting in a total net portfolio decline of (8,042,087) for the three months ended June 30, 2023 and a total net portfolio decline of (12,219,301) for the year ended June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, our investment portfolio, with a total fair value of 21,915,187, consisted of interests in 43 investments (77 in senior secured loans, 1 in senior secured notes, 2 in equity/other and 20 in CLO - subordinated notes). 
 Our financial condition, including the fair value and performance of certain of our portfolio investments, may be materially impacted after June 30, 2023 by circumstances and events that are not yet known. To the extent our portfolio investments are 
 67 

adversely impacted by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, rising interest rates, inflationary pressures, or by other factors, we may experience a material adverse impact on our future net investment income, the underlying value of our investments, our financial condition and the financial condition of our portfolio investments. For additional information concerning risks and their potential impact on our business and our operating results, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 During the three months and twelve months ended June 30, 2022, we purchased investment securities (excluding short-term securities) of 1,470,000 and 13,696,250, respectively. During the same three month and twelve month period ended June 30, 2022, sales and redemptions of investment securities (excluding short-term securities) were 529,887 and 13,141,266, respectively, resulting in a total net portfolio growth of 940,113 and 554,984 for the three months and twelve months ended June 30, 2022, respectively. As of June 30, 2022, our investment portfolio, with a total fair value of 35,809,997, consisted of interests in 49 investments (82 in senior secured loans, 2 in senior secured notes, 2 in equity/other and 14 in CLO - subordinated notes). 
 Portfolio Holdings 
 As of June 30, 2023, our investment portfolio, with a total fair value of 21,915,187, consisted of interests in 19 portfolio companies and 24 structured subordinated notes. The following table presents certain selected information regarding our portfolio composition and weighted average yields as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 
 As of June 30, 2023 As of June 30, 2022 Amortized Cost Fair Value As Percent of Total Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value As Percent of Total Fair Value Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 16,445,667 15,362,386 70 30,375,126 28,880,784 81 Senior Secured Loans-Second Lien 1,758,303 1,416,049 7 507,496 511,464 1 Equity/Other 670,383 478,096 2 681,111 641,000 2 Senior Secured Notes 752,867 271,899 1 1,004,570 650,000 2 Structured subordinated notes 5,764,411 4,386,757 20 5,991,806 5,126,749 14 Total 25,391,631 21,915,187 100 38,560,109 35,809,997 100 Number of portfolio companies 19 24 Number of Structured subordinated notes 24 24 Variable Rate (based on fair value) (1) 
 99 98 Fixed Rate (based on fair value) (1) 
 1 2 Weighted Average Yield Variable Rate (based on principal outstanding) (1)(2) 
 11 7 Weighted Average Yield Fixed Rate (based on principal outstanding) (1) 
 7 7 Weighted Average Yield on Structured Subordinated Notes (based on cost) 10 12 Weighted Average Yield on Fixed Rate Debt, Variable Rate Debt and Structured Subordinated Notes (based on cost) (3) 
 11 8 Weighted Average Yield (based on cost) for the entire portfolio 10 8 (1) The interest rate by type information is calculated using the Company s debt portfolio and excludes equity investments. 
 (2) The interest rate by type information is calculated using the Company s debt portfolio and excludes structured subordinated notes. 
 (3) The interest rate by type information is calculated excluding the Company s equity investments. 

68 

The table below describes investments by industry classification and enumerates the percentage, by fair value, of the total portfolio assets in such industries as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 
 
 June 30, 2023 Industry Investments at Amortized Cost Percentage of Portfolio Investments at Fair Value Percentage of Portfolio Structured Finance 5,764,411 23 4,386,757 20 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 2,942,734 12 2,880,134 13 Services: Consumer 3,004,329 12 2,741,742 13 Services: Business 2,647,846 10 2,507,919 11 Telecommunications 2,283,487 9 2,324,213 11 Wholesale 1,917,882 7 1,662,469 8 Media: Diversified and Production 1,758,303 7 1,416,049 7 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 977,525 4 971,690 4 Beverage, Food Tobacco 972,281 4 920,151 4 Consumer goods: Durable 703,653 3 678,492 3 Consumer goods: Non-Durable 997,560 4 669,880 3 Automotive 470,727 2 470,696 2 Financial 752,867 3 271,899 1 Retail 198,026 0 13,096 0 Total 25,391,631 100 21,915,187 100 
 
 June 30, 2022 Industry Investments at Amortized Cost Percentage of Portfolio Investments at Fair Value Percentage of Portfolio Structured Finance 5,991,806 16 5,126,749 14 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 3,966,383 10 4,053,779 11 Telecommunications 3,759,421 10 3,616,257 10 Services: Consumer 3,917,659 10 3,614,230 10 Services: Business 3,411,023 9 3,272,314 9 Beverage, Food Tobacco 2,463,631 6 2,385,703 7 High Tech Industries 2,518,008 7 2,378,482 7 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 1,995,000 5 1,960,080 6 Consumer goods: Durable 1,970,645 5 1,911,603 5 Wholesale 1,933,776 5 1,760,222 5 Media: Diversified and Production 1,971,758 5 1,702,829 5 Automotive 1,224,478 3 1,217,087 3 Consumer goods: Non-Durable 981,508 3 914,067 3 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 734,193 2 735,131 2 Financial 1,004,570 3 650,000 2 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 496,398 1 501,250 1 Retail 219,852 0 10,214 0 Total 38,560,109 100 35,809,997 100 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we did not control any of our portfolio companies, as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 The following table shows the composition of our investment portfolio by level of control as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 
 69 

June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Level of Control Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio Affiliate Non-Control/Non-Affiliate 25,391,631 100 21,915,187 100 38,560,109 100 35,809,997 100 Total Investments 25,391,631 100 21,915,187 100 38,560,109 100 35,809,997 100 

Net Asset Value 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, our net asset value decreased by (2,007,113), or (0.93) per share, respectively. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in net realized and net change in unrealized gains of (1,575,259), or (0.13) per weighted average share. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the decrease was primarily offset by 0.27 per share related to principal payments and the accelerated interest attributing to distributions being higher than that of our net investment income of 489,966 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The following table shows the calculation of net asset value per share as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 
 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Net assets 14,693,862 16,700,975 Shares of common stock issued and outstanding 2,409,452 2,375,890 Net asset value per share 6.10 7.03 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Investment Income 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we generated 3,290,629, 3,104,502 and 3,511,353, respectively, in investment income in the form of interest and fees earned on our debt portfolio. Such revenues were primarily cash income and non-cash portions related to the accretion of discounts. For the year ended June 30, 2023, investment income was higher due to rising interest rates due to increases in LIBOR and SOFR rates. Although there were benefits to interest income due to the rising LIBOR and SOFR rates, our income from our structured subordinated notes decreased due to 3 additional investments with an effective yield estimated to be 0 as expected future cash flows are anticipated to not be sufficient to repay the investment at cost. 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, PIK interest included in interest income totaled 19,781, 778 and 58,317, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2023, PIK interest included in interest income was higher due to an amendment on an investment which now has partial PIK interest. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Total operating expenses before expense limitation support totaled 3,223,344, 2,969,303 and 4,025,027 for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These operating expenses consisted primarily of interest and credit facility expense, offering costs, base management fees, administrator costs, legal expense, valuation services and audit and tax expense. 
 The base management fees for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were 422,681, 611,137 and 745,047. Base management fees were lower for the year ended June 30, 2023 due to the reduction in average total assets. 
 The interest and credit facility expense for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were 1,258,907, 648,025 and 569,181. The interest and credit facility expenses were higher for the year ended June 30, 2023, due to an increase in the interest rates and a change in the amortization maturity date which was partially offset by a reduction in the credit facility balance. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the average stated interest rate (i.e., rate in effect plus the spread) was 6.26 and 2.78 , respectively. For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, average outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was 16,677,151, 20,880,822, and 21,000,000, respectively. The interest expense is monitored during our monthly reporting. 
 The offering costs for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were 4,585, 188,774 and 544,502. The offering costs for the year ended June 30, 2023 were lower due to an over-accrual that was adjusted when the invoice was received and because we reduced our costs associated with the Private Offering. 
 70 

The legal expenses for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were 148,626, 99,961 and 337,823. The legal expenses for the year ended June 30, 2022 were lower due to a reduction in time incurred with external third party legal service providers. The legal expenses for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2021 were higher due to additional costs associated with proxy filings. 
 The valuation services for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were 26,688, 46,823 and 114,847. The valuation costs for the year ended June 30, 2023 were lower due to leveraging the valuation services provided for co-investments. 
 The general and administrative expense for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were 65,942, 61,909 and 148,966. The general and administrative expense for the year ended June 30, 2021 were higher due to costs associated with proxy filings. 
 Pursuant to the expense limitation support payment (discussed below), the sponsor reimbursed the Company (422,681), (611,137) and (327,459) for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Net Investment Income (Loss) 
 Our net investment income (loss) totaled 489,966, 746,336 and (186,215) for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net investment income for the year ended June 30, 2023 was lower due to an increase in credit facility expenses partially offset by increased interest income. The net investment income for the year ended June 30, 2022 were higher due to a decrease in amortization of offering costs, administrator costs and legal expenses. 
 Net Realized Gains/Losses from Investments 
 We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition and the amortized cost basis of investment, without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, we received proceeds from sales and repayments on unaffiliated investments of 12,219,301, 13,141,266 and 7,944,762, from which we realized losses of (848,927), 0 and (30,230), respectively. The realized losses for the year ended June 30, 2023 were higher due to recognized unrealized losses on the sale of portfolio investments in the amount of 653,369 and a realized loss due to an investment restructuring in the amount of 195,558. 
 Net Unrealized Gains/Losses on Investments 
 
 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments reflects the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio. For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, net change in unrealized gains (losses) totaled (726,332), (2,505,932) and 1,967,030, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the fair value of our investments was negatively impacted by macro-economic challenges such as reduced demand, economic volatility, and inflationary pressures. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We generate cash primarily from cash flows from fees (such as management fees), interest and dividends earned from our investments and principal repayments and proceeds from sales of our investments. Our primary use of funds is investments in companies, payments of our expenses and distributions to holders of our common stock. 
 
 Because many of our operating costs are not proportional to our size, including accounting/auditing, legal, insurance and administrative costs (which includes the reimbursement of the compensation of the chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, treasurer, secretary and other administrative personnel of our Administrator), we must raise sufficient capital in order to build a portfolio that generates sufficient revenue to cover our expenses. As of June 30, 2023, we have not raised sufficient capital to build a large enough portfolio to generate sufficient revenue to cover our operating expenses. We have entered into an Expense Limitation Agreement with our Adviser, which, as a result of our Adviser waiving fees that we would otherwise be required to pay to it, has allowed us to make distributions to shareholders and pay some expenses. However, after June 30, 2024, our Adviser is no longer contractually obligated to waive fees. Our Adviser, in its capacity as an affiliate of our former adviser, has in the past agreed to voluntarily waive fees, but there is no guarantee that it will do so and, if it does not, we will be required to sell our investments to cover our expenses 
 We previously publicly offered for sale a maximum amount of 300,000,000 in shares of common stock on a "best efforts" basis. The Dealer Manager was not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of shares but would use its best efforts to sell the shares offered. The minimum investment in shares of our common stock in the offering was 5,000. Effective February 19, 2021, the offering was terminated and, as a result, the dealer manager agreement terminated in accordance with its terms and the Dealer Manager ceased serving as our dealer manager effective as of such date. Effective September 19, 2022, we 
 71 

engaged PCS as our dealer manager for our Private Offering. We are relying on the exemption provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in connection with our Private Offering. As of June 30, 2023, we have not sold any shares in our Private Offering. 
 To the extent we offer shares of our common stock and our net asset value increases, we will sell at a price necessary to ensure that shares are not sold at a price per share, after deduction of selling commissions and dealer manager fees, that is below our net asset value per share. In connection with each closing, our Board of Directors or a committee thereof is required, within 48 hours of the time that each closing and sale is made, to make the determination that we are not selling shares of our common stock at a price per share which, after deducting upfront selling commissions, if any, is below the then-current net asset value per share of the applicable class. Promptly following any such adjustment to the offering price per share and to the extent we are conducting a public offering, we will file a prospectus supplement with the SEC disclosing the adjusted offering price, and we appropriately publish the updated information. 
 
 We may borrow funds to make investments at any time, including before we have fully invested the proceeds of our offering, to the extent we determine that additional capital would allow us to take advantage of investment opportunities, or if our Board of Directors determines that leveraging our portfolio would be in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. We have not yet decided, however, whether, and to what extent, we will finance portfolio investments using debt. We do not currently anticipate issuing any preferred stock. 
 
 The North American Securities Administrators Association, in its Omnibus Guidelines Statement of Policy adopted on March 29, 1992 and as amended on May 7, 2007 and from time to time, requires that our sponsor and its affiliates have an aggregate financial net worth, exclusive of home, automobile and home furnishings, of 5 of the first 20,000,000 of both the gross amount of securities currently being offered and the gross amount of any originally issued direct participation program sold by our sponsor and its affiliates within the last 12 months, plus 1 of all amounts in excess of the first 20,000,000. Based on these requirements, our sponsor and its affiliates have an aggregate net worth in excess of those amounts required by the Omnibus Guidelines Statement of Policy. 
 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, our operating activities provided 17,149,447, 338,085 and 885,846 of cash, respectively. The change is primarily driven by an increase in a payable for an open trade and an increase in repayments and sales of investments during the year ended June 30, 2023. For the the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, operating activities included the purchases of investments totaling 0, (13,696,250) and (6,784,540), respectively, which was offset by the repayments and sales of portfolio investments of 12,219,301, 13,141,266 and 7,944,762, respectively. Financing activities (used) provided (12,824,459), (2,010,446) and (1,348,579) of cash during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which included dividend payments of (616,122), (736,412) and (752,836), respectively. For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we repaid 11,900,000, 500,000 and 0, respectively, under the credit facility. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 On May 16, 2019, the Company established a 50 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with Royal Bank of Canada, a Canadian chartered bank, acting as administrative agent. In connection with the Credit Facility, the SPV, as borrower, and each of the other parties thereto entered into a Revolving Loan Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2019 (the Loan Agreement ). 
 
 The Credit Facility matures on May 21, 2029 and, initially, bore interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus 1.55 . On May 11, 2020, in connection with an extension of the ramp period for the Credit Facility from May 15, 2020 to November 15, 2020, the Company agreed to the increased interest rate of three-month LIBOR plus 2.20 on the Credit Facility for the period from May 16, 2020 through November 15, 2020. Effective November 10, 2020, the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was extended again, from November 15, 2020 to May 14, 2021. As a result, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility of the three-month LIBOR plus 2.20 was extended through May 14, 2021. On May 11, 2021, the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was further extended from May 14, 2021 to November 15, 2021. As a result, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility of the three-month LIBOR plus 2.20 was extended through November 15, 2021. On August 26, 2021, the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was further extended from November 15, 2021 to August 25, 2022. In exchange, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility of the three-month LIBOR plus 2.20 was extended permanently. On July 6, 2022, the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was further extended from August 25, 2022 to August 25, 2023. In connection with such extension, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility was amended from three-month LIBOR plus 2.20 to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 2.20 . On March 24, 2023, (i) the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was further extended from August 25, 2023 to October 25, 2023 and (ii) the Loan Agreement was amended to require sales of collateral and/or receipt of capital contributions in a combined amount to have generated proceeds (on a trade date basis) (x) during the period from March 24, 2023 through April 30, 2023, in the Initial Amount (the "Initial Amount") of 4,000,000, and (y) during each month thereafter in an amount equal to 2,000,000 (the Required Amount with any amount in excess of the total Required Amount plus the Initial Amount 
 72 

contributing to the Required Amount for the next month. In connection with such extension and amendment, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility was reduced from SOFR plus 2.20 to SOFR plus 1.55 . The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the SPV s properties and assets. Under the Loan Agreement, the SPV has made certain customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, including reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The Loan Agreement includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. On November 7, 2022, Royal Bank of Canada granted a waiver of any non-compliance with certain waterfall provisions in the Loan Agreement that may have occurred prior to November 7, 2022. Further non-compliance with certain waterfall provisions was permitted through January 31, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, we were in compliance with the applicable covenants. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we had 8,600,000 and 20,500,000, respectively, outstanding on our Credit Facility. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the investments used as collateral for the Credit Facility had an aggregate fair value of 16,278,891 and 29,382,034, respectively, which represents 74 and 82 of our total investments for each period, respectively. These securities are not available as collateral to the Company's general creditors. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, cash balances of 61,833 and 1,323,809, respectively, were used as collateral for the Credit Facility. The fair value of the Credit Facility was 8,600,000 and is categorized as Level 2 under ASC 820 as of June 30, 2023. The fair value of the Credit Facility is equal to its carrying value as the Credit Facility is repriced to a market rate of interest frequently. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Management has evaluated all known subsequent events through the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were available to be issued on September 27, 2023 and notes the following: 
 Issuance of Common Stock 
 For the period beginning July 1, 2023 and ending September 27, 2023, the Company issued 18,415 shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan in the amount of 112,006. 
 Investment Activity 
 During the period beginning July 1, 2023 and ending September 27, 2023, the Company sold five investments amounting to 3,578,217. 
 Repurchase Offer 
 On June 16, 2023, under our share repurchase program, we made a tender offer to purchase up to the number of shares of our issued and outstanding Class A common stock we could repurchase with the cash we retained during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 as a result of issuing shares through our distribution reinvestment plan to those shareholders who elected to receive their distributions in the form of additional shares rather than in cash. The total cash retained during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 as a result of issuing shares through our distribution reinvestment plan prior to this tender offer was approximately 121,571. The tender offer was for cash at a price equal to the net asset value per share as of July 14, 2023. The Offer expired at 4:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on July 19, 2023, and a total of 287,908 Shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as of such date. In accordance with the terms of the Offer, the Company purchased 19,962 Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn at a price equal to 6.09 per Share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 121,571. 
 Credit Facility 
 
 On July 5, 2023, August 2, 2023 and September 18, 2023, we paid down 1,400,000, 1,300,000 and 700,000, respectively, on the Credit Facility. On September 21, 2023, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement (the "Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility"), by and among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent. In conjunction with the closing of the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, we terminated the Credit Facility. As of September 27, 2023, there was no balance on the Credit Facility. As of September 27, 2023, the balance on the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility was 6,200,000. 
 
 The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings in U.S. dollars and certain agreed upon foreign currencies in an initial aggregate amount of up to 20,000,000 with an option for the Company to request, at one or more times, that existing and/or new lenders, at their election, provide up to 150,000,000 in aggregate. The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility provides for swingline loans in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not exceed 5,000,000. Availability under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility will terminate on the earlier of the Commitment Termination Date of September 19, 2025 or the date of termination of the revolving commitments thereunder, and the outstanding loans under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility will mature on September 21, 2026. The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility also requires mandatory prepayment of interest and principal upon certain events, including after the 
 73 

date of termination of the revolving commitments thereunder from asset sales, extraordinary receipts, returns of capital, equity issuances, and incurrence of indebtedness, with certain exceptions and minimum amount thresholds. 
 
 Borrowings under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility are subject to compliance with a borrowing base test. Amounts drawn under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility in U.S. dollars will bear interest at either term SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 plus 2.5 , or the prime rate plus 1.5 . The Company may elect either the term SOFR or prime rate at the time of drawdown, and loans denominated in U.S. dollars may be converted from one rate to another at any time at the Company s option, subject to certain conditions. Amounts drawn under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility in other permitted currencies will bear interest at the relevant rate specified therein plus 2.5 . 
 
 During the period commencing on September 21, 2023 and ending on the earlier of the Commitment Termination Date or the date of termination of the revolving commitments under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, the Company will pay a commitment fee of 0.375 per annum (based on the immediately preceding quarter s average usage) on the daily unused amount of the commitments then available thereunder. 
 
 In connection with the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, the Company has made certain representations and warranties and must comply with various covenants and reporting requirements customary for facilities of this type. In addition, the Company must comply with the following financial covenants with respect to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries: (a) the Company must maintain a minimum shareholders equity, measured as of each fiscal quarter end; and (b) the Company must maintain at all times an asset coverage ratio not less than 150 . 
 
 The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility contains events of default customary for facilities of this type. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the Administrative Agent, at the request of the required lenders, may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility immediately due and payable. 
 
 The Company s obligations under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, and will be guaranteed by certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company that are formed or acquired by the Company in the future. The Company s obligations under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets and certain of the Company s subsidiaries thereunder. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 On July 24, 2023, the Board of Directors declared distributions for the months of July 2023 and August 2023, respectively, which reflect a targeted annualized distribution rate of 7.0 based on the current net asset value for the third fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023. The distributions have monthly record dates as of the close of business of the last Friday in July 2023 and August 2023, respectively, and equal a weekly amount of 0.00815 per share of common stock. The distributions will be payable monthly to stockholders of record as of the monthly record dates set forth below. 
 
 Record Date Payment Date PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, per share July 28, 2023 August 4, 2023 0.03260 August 25, 2023 September 1, 2023 0.03260 
 
 On September 25, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a distribution for the month of September 2023, which reflects a targeted annualized distribution rate of 7.0 based on the current net asset value for the fourth fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023. The distribution has a monthly record date as of the close of business of the last Friday in September 2023 and equals a weekly amount of 0.00819 per share of common stock. The distributions will be payable monthly to stockholders of record as of the monthly record dates set forth below. 
 
 Record Date Payment Date PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, per share September 29, 2023 October 6, 2023 0.04095 
 
 Continuous Pubic Offering 
 
 On September 13, 2023, we filed with the SEC an initial registration statement on Form N-2 for the offer and sale of up to 300,000,000 shares of our Class S, Class D and Class I common stock. 
 74 

Distributions 
 General 
 We elected to be treated, beginning with our fiscal year ending December 31, 2012, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under the Code. To maintain RIC tax treatment, we generally must, among other things, distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we must distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of: (i) 98 of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of our recognized capital gains in excess of recognized capital losses for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any ordinary income or capital gains recognized but not distributed in preceding years and on which we paid no federal income tax. 
 While we intend to distribute any income and capital gains in the manner necessary to minimize imposition of the 4 U.S. federal excise tax, we may retain sufficient amounts of our taxable income and capital gains such that we may be unable to avoid entirely the imposition of the tax. In that event, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at corporate rates on any retained income, and we will also be liable for the U.S. federal excise tax but only on the amount by which we do not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized, and has declared, cash distributions on our common stock on a monthly basis since the second quarter of 2015 (in our capacity as TPIC). The amount of each such distribution is subject to our Board of Directors discretion and applicable legal restrictions related to the payment of distributions. We calculate each stockholder s specific distribution amount for the month using record and declaration dates, and distributions will begin to accrue on the date we accept subscriptions for shares of our common stock. From time to time, we may also pay interim distributions at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Each year a statement on Internal Revenue Service Form 1099-DIV (or any successor form) identifying the source of the distribution (i.e.,(i) paid from investment company taxable income, which is generally our net ordinary income plus our realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital gains, (ii) paid from net capital gain on the sale of securities, which is our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net-short term capital losses, and/or (iii) a return of paid-in capital surplus, which is generally a nontaxable distribution) will be mailed to our stockholders. Our distributions may exceed our earnings, especially during the period before we have substantially invested the proceeds from our offering. As a result, a portion of the distributions we make may represent a return of capital for tax purposes. 
 
 We have adopted an opt in distribution reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, when we make a distribution, stockholders will receive distributions in cash unless they specifically opt in to the distribution reinvestment plan so as to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of our common stock. Any distributions reinvested under the plan will nevertheless remain taxable to U.S. stockholders. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 License Agreement 
 
 We entered into a license agreement with an affiliate of our Adviser, pursuant to which the affiliate granted us a non-exclusive, royalty free license to use the Prospect name. Under this license agreement, we have the right to use such name for so long as our Adviser or another affiliate of the Adviser is our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the Prospect name or logo. 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 
 We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with our Adviser, pursuant to which we would pay our Adviser a fee for its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement consisting of two components - a base management fee and an incentive fee. Under the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, we reduced the base management fee from an annual rate of 1.75 to 1.20 and eliminated the incentive fee payable thereunder, effective as of January 1, 2022 and until the Listing Anniversary. Until such January 1, 2022 effective date, the advisory fees payable to the Adviser were as set forth in the Investment Advisory Agreement. The cost of any advisory fees payable to the Adviser will ultimately be borne by our stockholders. See -Investment Advisory Fees. 
 
 Certain members of our senior management hold an equity interest in our Adviser. Members of our senior management also serve as principals of other investment managers affiliated with our Adviser that do and may in the future manage investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles with investment objectives similar to ours. 
 
 75 

Administration Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger, as amended and restated, between TPIC and PWAY, the Administrator, an affiliate of the Adviser, became the administrator for the Company pursuant to an administrative agreement, as amended and restated as of June 17, 2019 (the "Administration Agreement").The Administrator performs, oversees and arranges for the performance of administrative services necessary for the operation of the Company. These services include, but are not limited to, accounting, finance and legal services. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Company reimburses the Administrator for the Company s actual and allocable portion of expenses and overhead incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the Company s allocable portion of the costs of its Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and her staff. For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, allocation of overhead from the Administrator to the Company was 568,825, 671,707 and 868,062, respectively. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, 35,000, 45,000 and 15,000, respectively, of US Bank and BNY fees are being included within the Administrator costs incurred by the Company. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, 868,634 and 356,125, respectively, was payable to the Administrator by the Company. 
 Co-Investments 
 On January 13, 2020, (amended on August 2, 2022), the parent company of the Adviser received an exemptive order from the SEC (the Order ),which superseded a prior co-investment exemptive order granted on February 10, 2014, granting the ability to negotiate terms other than price and quantity of co-investment transactions with other funds managed by the Adviser or certain affiliates, including Prospect Capital Corporation PSEC and Priority Income Fund, Inc. PRIS ), where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions included therein. 
 Under the terms of the relief permitting us to co-invest with other funds managed by our Investment Adviser or its affiliates, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Company s independent directors must make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with the Company s investment objective and strategies. In certain situations where co-investment with one or more funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates is not covered by the Order, such as when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer, the personnel of the Adviser or its affiliates will need to decide which fund will proceed with the investment. Such personnel will make these determinations based on policies and procedures, which are designed to reasonably ensure that investment opportunities are allocated fairly and equitably among affiliated funds over time and in a manner that is consistent with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Moreover, except in certain circumstances, when relying on the Order, the Company will be unable to invest in any issuer in which one or more funds managed or owned by the Adviser or its affiliates has previously invested. 
 Allocation of Expenses 
 The cost of valuation services for CLOs is initially borne by PRIS, which then allocates to the Company its proportional share of such expense. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, PRIS incurred 0, 27,417 and 53,310, respectively, in expenses related to valuation services that are attributable to the Company. The Company reimburses PRIS for these expenses and includes them as part of Valuation services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, 0, of expense is due to PRIS. 
 The cost of filing software and general ledger expenses are initially borne by PSEC, which then allocates to the Company its proportional share of such expense. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, PSEC incurred 0, 550 and 6,779, respectively, in expenses related to the filing software and general ledger expenses that are attributable to the Company. The Company reimburses PSEC for these expenses and includes them as part of General and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, 0 of expense is due to PSEC. 
 Officers and Directors 
 Certain officers and directors of the Company are also officers and directors of the Adviser and its affiliates. There were no fees paid to the independent directors of the Company as the Company did not exceed the minimum net asset value required (i.e., greater than 100 million) to receive a fee for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. The officers do not receive any direct compensation from the Company. 

76 

Dealer Manager Agreement 
 
 The Company and its Adviser entered into a dealer manager agreement, as amended, with Triton Pacific Securities, LLC ("TPS"), which terminated effective February 19, 2021 in accordance with its terms in connection with the termination of the Company's continuous public offering of its common stock. TPS ceased serving as the Company's dealer manager effective as of such date. Pursuant to the terms of this dealer manager agreement, the Company would pay the dealer manager a fee of up to 9 of gross proceeds raised in the Company's offering, some of which would be re-allowed to other participating broker-dealers. In addition to the upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees, PFIM could pay TPS a fee (the "Additional Selling Commissions") equal to no more than 1.0 of the net asset value per share per year. TPS would reallow all or a portion of the Additional Selling Commissions to participating broker-dealers. TPS is an affiliated entity of the Triton Pacific Adviser, LLC, our former investment adviser (the TPIC Adviser ), and is partially owned by one of our former directors, Craig Faggen. 
 
 Expense Limitation Agreement 
 
 The Company entered into an expense limitation agreement, dated March 31, 2019 (the "Former ELA"), with PFIM, which was terminated effective February 17, 2021 in accordance with its terms. On and effective April 20, 2021, the Company entered into a new expense limitation agreement with the Adviser, which was amended and restated on July 7, 2021 to extend the period during which the Adviser will be required to waive its investment advisory fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement, from September 30, 2021 to June 30, 2022 (the "First Amended and Restated ELA"). On August 23, 2022, the Company entered into the Second Amended and Restated Expense Limitation Agreement (the "Second Amended and Restated ELA") to extend the period during which the Adviser will be required to waive its investment advisory fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement from June 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022. On April 24, 2023, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated Expense Limitation Agreement (the Third Amended and Restated ELA and, together with the First Amended and Restated ELA and the Second Amended and Restated ELA, the "New ELA") to extend the period during which the Adviser will be required to waive its investment advisory fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement from December 31, 2022 to June 30, 2024. Other than this change, the terms and conditions of the Third Amended and Restated ELA are identical to those of the First and Second Amended and Restated ELAs. The New ELA has an initial term ending on June 30, 2024 and may be continued thereafter for successive one-year periods in accordance with its terms. Pursuant to the terms of each expense limitation agreement the applicable investment adviser, in its sole discretion, could waive a portion or all of the investment advisory fees that it was entitled to receive under its investment advisory agreement with the Company in order to limit the Company's operating expenses to an annual rate, expressed as a percentage of the Company's average quarterly net assets, equal to 8.00 . In addition, under the New ELA, the Adviser has agreed to waive its investment advisory fees to the extent necessary to limit the Company's operating expenses to such annual rate from the effective date of the New ELA through June 30, 2024. The Former ELA did not contain this guaranteed waiver. Other than this guaranteed waiver, the terms and conditions of the New ELA are substantially similar to those of the Former ELA. See Expense Limitation Agreement below. 

Expense Limitation Agreement 
 
 Former Expense Limitation Agreement with PFIM 
 Concurrently with the closing of the Merger, we entered into the Former ELA with PFIM. On and effective February 17, 2021, the Former ELA was terminated in accordance with its terms. 
 Pursuant to the Former ELA, PFIM, in its sole discretion, could waive a portion or all of the investment advisory fees that it was entitled to receive pursuant to the Former Investment Advisory Agreement in order to limit our Operating Expenses (as defined below) to an annual rate, expressed as a percentage of our average quarterly net assets, equal to 8.00 (the Annual Limit ). For purposes of the Former ELA, the term Operating Expenses with respect to the Company, is defined to include all expenses necessary or appropriate for the operation of the Company, including but not limited to PFIM s base management fee, any and all costs and expenses that qualify as line item organization and offering expenses in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as the same are filed with the SEC and other expenses described in the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, but does not include any portfolio transaction or other investment-related costs (including brokerage commissions, dealer and underwriter spreads, prime broker fees and expenses and dividend expenses related to short sales), interest expenses and other financing costs, extraordinary expenses and acquired fund fees and expenses. Upfront shareholder transaction expenses (such as sales commissions, dealer manager fees, and similar expenses) are not Operating Expenses. On April 30, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors approved extending the Expense Limitation Agreement for an additional 12-month term ending on April 30, 2021. 
 Any amount waived pursuant to the Former ELA is subject to repayment to PFIM (a Former ELA Reimbursement by us within the three years following the end of the quarter in which the waiver was made by PFIM. Although the Former ELA was 
 77 

terminated effective February 17, 2021, PFIM maintains its right to repayment for any waiver it has made under the Former ELA, subject to the Former Repayment Limitations (discussed below). 
 Any Former ELA Reimbursement can be made solely in the event that we have sufficient excess cash on hand at the time of any proposed Former ELA Reimbursement and shall be limited to the lesser of (i) the excess of the Annual Limit applicable to such quarter over the Company s actual Operating Expenses for such quarter and (ii) the amount of Former ELA Reimbursement which, when added to the Company s expenses for such quarter, permits the Company to pay the then-current aggregate quarterly distribution to its shareholders, at a minimum annualized rate of at least 6.00 (based on the gross offering prices of Company shares) (the Distribution from the sum of (x) the Company s net investment income (loss) for such quarter plus (y) the Company s net realized gains (losses) for such quarter (collectively, the Former Repayment Limitations ). For the purposes of the calculations pursuant to (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence, any Former ELA Reimbursement will be treated as an expense of the Company for such quarter, without regard to the GAAP treatment of such expense. In the event that the Company is unable to make a full payment of any Former ELA Reimbursements due for any applicable quarter because the Company does not have sufficient excess cash on hand, any such unpaid amount shall become a payable of the Company for accounting purposes and shall be paid when the Company has sufficient cash on hand (subject to the Repayment Limitations); provided, that in the case of any Former ELA Reimbursements, such payment shall be made no later than the date that is three years following the end of the quarter in which the applicable waiver was made by PFIM. 
 
 Expense Limitation Agreement with the Adviser 
 Pursuant to the New ELA, our Adviser will waive a portion or all of the investment advisory fees that it is entitled to receive pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, from the effective date of the New ELA through June 30, 2024, in order to limit our Operating Expenses (as defined below) to an annual rate, expressed as a percentage of our average quarterly net assets, equal to 8.00 (the Annual Limit ). After June 30, 2024, such waiver may be made at our Adviser s option and in its sole discretion. Even if the Adviser decides to voluntarily waive its investment advisory fees for a quarter ended after June 30, 2024, there is no guarantee that the Adviser will continue to do so. For purposes of the New ELA, the term Operating Expenses with respect to the Company, is defined to include all expenses necessary or appropriate for the operation of the Company, including but not limited to our Adviser s base management fee, any and all costs and expenses that qualify as line item organization and offering expenses in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as the same are filed with the SEC and other expenses described in the Investment Advisory Agreement, but does not include any portfolio transaction or other investment-related costs (including brokerage commissions, dealer and underwriter spreads, prime broker fees and expenses and dividend expenses related to short sales), interest expenses and other financing costs, extraordinary expenses and acquired fund fees and expenses. Upfront shareholder transaction expenses (such as sales commissions, dealer manager fees, and similar expenses) are not Operating Expenses. Our Adviser waived fees, pursuant to the New ELA, in an amount of 422,681, 611,137 and 144,073 for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Any amount waived pursuant to the New ELA is subject to repayment to our Adviser (an ELA Reimbursement by us within the three years of the date on which the waiver was made by our Adviser. If the New ELA is terminated or expires pursuant to its terms, our Adviser will maintain its right to repayment for any waiver it has made under the New ELA, subject to the Repayment Limitations (discussed below). 
 Any ELA Reimbursement can be made solely in the event that we have sufficient excess cash on hand at the time of any proposed ELA Reimbursement and shall be limited to the lesser of (i) the excess of the Annual Limit applicable to such quarter over the Company s actual Operating Expenses for such quarter and (ii) the amount of ELA Reimbursement which, when added to the Company s expenses for such quarter, permits the Company to pay the then-current aggregate quarterly distribution to its shareholders, at a minimum annualized rate of at least 6.00 (based on the gross offering prices of Company shares) (the Distribution from the sum of (x) the Company s net investment income (loss) for such quarter plus (y) the Company s net realized gains (losses) for such quarter (collectively, the Repayment Limitations ). For the purposes of the calculations pursuant to (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence, any ELA Reimbursement will be treated as an expense of the Company for such quarter, without regard to the GAAP treatment of such expense. In the event that the Company is unable to make a full payment of any ELA Reimbursements due for any applicable quarter because the Company does not have sufficient excess cash on hand, any such unpaid amount shall become a payable of the Company for accounting purposes and shall be paid when the Company has sufficient cash on hand (subject to the Repayment Limitations); provided, that in the case of any ELA Reimbursements, such payment shall be made no later than the date that is three years after the date on which the applicable waiver was made by our Adviser. 

78 

Investment Advisory Fees 
 
 Overview 
 
 On April 20, 2021, the Company entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, which was unanimously approved by the Company s Board of Directors, including by all of the directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), on February 18, 2021, subject to stockholder approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Company s stockholders approved the Investment Advisory Agreement at a Special Meeting of Stockholders held on March 31, 2021. 
 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement replaced the Former Investment Advisory Agreement with PFIM, the Company's former investment adviser, which terminated effective April 20, 2021. The Investment Advisory Agreement is identical in all material respects to the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, except for its date of effectiveness, term and the Adviser serving as the Company s investment adviser instead of PFIM. As such, the Former Investment Advisory Agreement and the Investment Advisory Agreement contain the same terms, provisions, conditions and fee rates, and provide for the same management services to be conducted by the Adviser as were conducted by PFIM. 
 
 On November 5, 2021, we amended and restated the Investment Advisory Agreement to reduce the advisory fees payable thereunder, effective as of January 1, 2022 and until the one year anniversary of the listing of our common stock on a national securities exchange (the Listing Anniversary ), as further discussed below. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement was unanimously approved by our Board of Directors, including by all of the directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), and became effective on January 1, 2022. Until such effective date, the advisory fees payable to the Adviser were as set forth in the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement has an initial two-year term and may be continued thereafter for successive one-year periods if such continuance is approved in the manner provided for under Section 15 of the 1940 Act. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement was most recently approved by our Board of Directors, including all of our directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), on June 15, 2023. 
 
 Each of these investment advisory agreements is further discussed below. 
 
 Former Investment Advisory Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, we paid PFIM a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee payable to PFIM and any incentive fees it earned would ultimately be borne by our stockholders. 
 
 Base Management Fee . The base management fee was calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 (0.4375 quarterly) of our average total assets, which included any borrowings for investment purposes. For the first quarter of our operations following the Merger, the base management fee was calculated based on the average value of our total assets as of the date of the Former Investment Advisory Agreement and at the end of the calendar quarter in which the date of the Former Investment Advisory Agreement fell, and was appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Subsequently, the base management fee was payable quarterly in arrears, and was calculated based on the average value of our total assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and was appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter was appropriately pro-rated. At PFIM s option, the base management fee for any period could be deferred, without interest thereon, and paid to PFIM at any time subsequent to any such deferral as PFIM determined. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, there were no base management fees incurred by PFIM. The total base management fee incurred by PFIM was 600,974 during the year ended June 30, 2021. During the quarters ended December 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021, the base management fee was not waived by PFIM. During the year ended ended June 30, 2021, base management fees of 183,386 related to the three months ended September 30, 2020 were waived by PFIM. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the total base management fee due to PFIM was 0. 
 Incentive Fee . The incentive fee consisted of two parts: (1) the subordinated incentive fee on income and (2) the capital gains incentive fee. 
 
 Subordinated Incentive Fee on Income. The first part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, was calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based upon our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For purposes of this fee, pre-incentive fee net investment income meant interest income, dividend income and distribution cash flows from equity investments and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we received) accrued during the 
 79 

calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses reimbursed under the Former Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the organization and offering expenses and incentive fees on income and capital gains). Pre-incentive fee net investment income included, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we had not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income did not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The subordinated incentive fee on income was subject to a quarterly fixed preferred return to investors, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, of 1.5 (6.0 annualized), subject to a catch up feature. Operating expenses were included in the calculation of the subordinated incentive fee on income. 
 
 We would pay PFIM a subordinated incentive fee on income for each calendar quarter as follows: 
 
 No incentive fee would be payable to PFIM in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income did not exceed the preferred return rate of 1.5 . 
 
 100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeded the preferred return but was less than or equal to 1.875 in any calendar quarter (7.5 annualized). We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeded the preferred return but was less than or equal to 1.875 as the catch-up. The effect of the catch-up provision was that, if our pre-incentive fee net investment income reached 1.875 in any calendar quarter, PFIM would receive 20.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a preferred return did not apply. 
 
 20.0 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeded 1.875 in any calendar quarter (7.5 annualized) would be payable to PFIM. This reflected that once the preferred return was reached and the catch-up was achieved, 20.0 of all pre-incentive fee net investment income thereafter would be allocated to PFIM. 
 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee . The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the capital gains incentive fee, was determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equaled 20.00 of our realized capital gains for the calendar year, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation at the end of such year. In determining the capital gains incentive fee payable to PFIM, we would calculate the aggregate realized capital gains, aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, as applicable, with respect to each investment that has been in our portfolio. For the purpose of this calculation, an investment is defined as the total of all rights and claims which may be asserted against a portfolio company arising from our participation in the debt, equity, and other financial instruments issued by that company. Aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equaled the sum of the differences between the aggregate net sales price of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. 
 
 Aggregate realized capital losses equaled the sum of the amounts by which the aggregate net sales price of each investment was less than the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation equaled the sum of the differences, if negative, between the aggregate valuation of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment as of the applicable calendar year-end. At the end of the applicable calendar year, the amount of capital gains that served as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains incentive fee involved netting aggregate realized capital gains against aggregate realized capital losses on a since-inception basis and then reducing this amount by the aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. If this number was positive, then the capital gains incentive fee payable was equal to 20.00 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains incentive fees paid since inception. Operating expenses were not taken into account when determining capital gains incentive fees. 
 There were no incentive fees payable as of June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were no incentive fees incurred. 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee payable to the Adviser and any incentive fees it earns will ultimately be borne by our stockholders. See "Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement" below for additional information. 
 Base Management Fee . The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 (0.4375 quarterly) of our average total assets, which includes any borrowings for investment purposes. For the first quarter of our operations following the date of 
 80 

Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee was calculated based on the average value of our total assets as of the date of the Investment Advisory Agreement and at the end of the calendar quarter in which the date of the Investment Advisory Agreement fell, and was appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Subsequently, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears, and is calculated based on the average value of our total assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and is appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter is appropriately pro-rated. At the Adviser s option, the base management fee for any period may be deferred, without interest thereon, and paid to the Adviser at any time subsequent to any such deferral as the Adviser determines. 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the total base management fee incurred by the Adviser was 422,681 and 611,137, respectively, which were waived by the Adviser. The total base management fee incurred by the Adviser was 144,073 for period from April 20, 2021 through June 30, 2021, which is the date the Investment Advisory Agreement was entered into with the Adviser through the year ended June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the total base management fee due to the Adviser after the waiver was 0. 
 
 Incentive Fee . The incentive fee consists of two parts: (1) the subordinated incentive fee on income and (2) the capital gains incentive fee. 
 Subordinated Incentive Fee on Income. The first part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based upon our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For purposes of this fee, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and distribution cash flows from equity investments and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses reimbursed under the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the organization and offering expenses and incentive fees on income and capital gains). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The subordinated incentive fee on income is subject to a quarterly fixed preferred return to investors, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, of 1.5 (6.0 annualized), subject to a catch up feature. Operating expenses are included in the calculation of the subordinated incentive fee on income. 
 We will pay our Adviser a subordinated incentive fee on income for each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No incentive fee will be payable to our Adviser in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the preferred return rate of 1.5 . 
 100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the preferred return but is less than or equal to 1.875 in any calendar quarter (7.5 annualized). We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the preferred return but is less than or equal to 1.875 as the catch-up. The effect of the catch-up provision is that, if our pre-incentive fee net investment income reaches 1.875 in any calendar quarter, our Adviser will receive 20.0 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a preferred return did not apply. 
 20.0 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.875 in any calendar quarter (7.5 annualized) will be payable to our Adviser. This reflects that once the preferred return is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 20.0 of all pre-incentive fee net investment income thereafter will be allocated to our Adviser. 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee . The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the capital gains incentive fee, is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals 20.00 of our realized capital gains for the calendar year, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation at the end of such year; provided that the incentive fee determined as of December 31, 2021 will be calculated for a period of shorter than twelve calendar months to take into account any net realized capital gains, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation for the period commencing as of the date of the Investment Advisory Agreement and ending on December 31, 2021. In determining the capital gains incentive fee payable to the Adviser, we calculate the aggregate realized capital gains, aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, as applicable, with respect to each investment that has been in our portfolio. For the purpose of this calculation, an investment is defined as the total of all rights and claims which may be 
 81 

asserted against a portfolio company arising from our participation in the debt, equity, and other financial instruments issued by that company. Aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equal the sum of the differences between the aggregate net sales price of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. Aggregate realized capital losses equal the sum of the amounts by which the aggregate net sales price of each investment is less than the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation equals the sum of the differences, if negative, between the aggregate valuation of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment as of the applicable calendar year-end. At the end of the applicable calendar year, the amount of capital gains that serves as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains incentive fee involves netting aggregate realized capital gains against aggregate realized capital losses on a since-inception basis and then reducing this amount by the aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. If this number is positive, then the capital gains incentive fee payable is equal to 20.00 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains incentive fees paid since inception. Operating expenses are not taken into account when determining capital gains incentive fees. 
 There were no incentive fees payable as of June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were no incentive fees incurred. 
 
 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement 
 
 On November 5, 2021, we amended and restated the Investment Advisory Agreement to reduce the base management fee from an annual rate of 1.75 (0.4375 quarterly) to 1.20 (0.30 quarterly) and eliminate the incentive fee payable thereunder, effective as of January 1, 2022 and until the Listing Anniversary. As such, until the Listing Anniversary, the base management fee will be calculated at an annual rate of 1.20 (0.30 quarterly) and the Adviser will not be entitled to any incentive fee. Following the Listing Anniversary (1) the base management fee will be calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 (0.4375 quarterly), commencing with the first base management fee calculation that occurs after such anniversary, and (2) the Adviser will be entitled to receive the same incentive fee, including the subordinated incentive fee on income and the capital gains incentive fee, as set forth in the Investment Advisory Agreement and discussed above, commencing with the first calendar quarter after such anniversary. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement became effective on January 1, 2022. Until such effective date, the advisory fees payable to the Adviser were as set forth in the Investment Advisory Agreement. See Investment Advisory Agreement above. 

Asset Coverage 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, the Company is currently only allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowing. Asset coverage generally refers to a company s total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, as defined in the 1940 Act, divided by total senior securities representing indebtedness and, if applicable, preferred stock. Senior securities for this purpose includes borrowings from banks or other lenders, debt securities and preferred stock. 
 On March 23, 2018, an amendment to Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act was signed into law to permit BDCs to reduce the minimum asset coverage ratio from 200 to 150 , so long as certain approval and disclosure requirements are satisfied. In addition, for BDCs like the Company whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, the Company is also required to offer to repurchase its outstanding shares at the rate of 25 per quarter over four calendar quarters. Under the existing 200 minimum asset coverage ratio, the Company is permitted to borrow up to one dollar for investment purposes for every one dollar of investor equity, and under the 150 minimum asset coverage ratio, the Company will be permitted to borrow up to two dollars for investment purposes for every one dollar of investor equity. In other words, Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act, as amended, permits BDCs to potentially increase their debt-to-equity ratio from a maximum of 1 to 1 to a maximum of 2 to 1. 
 
 At the 2019 Annual Meeting, stockholders approved the application to the Company of the 150 minimum asset coverage ratio set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, and subject to certain additional disclosure requirements and the repurchase obligations described above, the minimum asset coverage ratio applicable to the Company was reduced from 200 to 150 , effective as of March 16, 2019. 
 
 Below is our quarterly asset coverage since June 30, 2019. As of June 30, 2023, our asset coverage ratio stood at 271 based on the outstanding principal amount of our senior securities representing indebtedness. 
 
 82 

Revolving Credit Facility Total Amount Outstanding Asset Coverage per Unit(1) Involuntary Liquidating Preference per Unit(2) Average Market Value per Unit(2) June 30, 2023 8,600,000 2,709 March 31, 2023 15,477,000 1,937 December 31, 2022 17,800,000 1,830 September 30, 2022 20,000,000 1,792 June 30, 2022 20,500,000 1,815 March 31, 2022 21,000,000 1,895 December 31, 2021 21,000,000 1,924 September 30, 2021 21,000,000 1,938 June 30, 2021 21,000,000 1,950 March 31, 2021 21,000,000 1,971 December 31, 2020 21,000,000 1,976 September 30, 2020 21,000,000 1,947 June 30, 2020 21,000,000 1,931 March 31, 2020 21,000,000 1,914 December 31, 2019 21,000,000 2,018 September 30, 2019 15,500,000 2,461 June 30, 2019 5,500,000 5,256 (1) The asset coverage ratio is calculated as our consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by secured senior securities representing indebtedness. This asset coverage ratio is multiplied by 1,000 to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit. (2) This column is inapplicable. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We prepare our Financial Statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. These estimates, however, are subjective and subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from our current estimates due to the inherent nature of these estimates. 
 
 Our critical accounting estimates, including those relating to the valuation of our investment portfolio, are described below. The critical accounting estimates should be read in conjunction with our risk factors as disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on how fair value of our investment portfolio is determined, and Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for information about the inputs and assumptions used to measure fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 Fair value of Financial Instruments 
 To value our investments, we follow the guidance of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), that defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in conformity with GAAP, and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. In accordance with ASC 820, the fair value of our investments is defined as the price that we would receive upon selling an investment in an orderly transaction to an independent buyer in the principal or most advantageous market in which that investment is transacted. 
 
 ASC 820 classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchy: 
 Level 1. Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by us at the measurement date. 
 Level 2. Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. 
 Level 3. Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 83 

In all cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to each investment. All of our investments carried at fair value are classified as Level 2 or Level 3 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, with a significant portion of our investments classified as Level 3. 
 
 Investments 
 
 We determine the fair value of our investments on a quarterly basis, with changes in fair value reflected as a net change in unrealized gains (losses) from investments in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 The Company applies the SEC s Rule 2a-5 in determining fair value of its investments. Rule 2a-5 establishes a consistent, 
 principles-based framework for boards of directors to use in creating their own specific processes in order to determine fair values in good faith. 
 
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available must be valued at such market quotations. In order to validate market quotations, management and the independent valuation firm look at a number of factors to determine if the quotations are representative of fair value, including the source and nature of the quotations. In determining the range of values for debt instruments where market quotations are not readily available, we perform a multiple step valuation process with our investment professionals alongside our independent valuation firms. The independent valuation firms prepare valuations for each investment which are presented by the independent valuation firms to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The Audit Committee makes a recommendation to the Board of Directors of the value for each investment and the Board of Directors approves the values with the input of the Adviser quarterly. For intra-quarter valuations, the Adviser as Valuation Designee takes the most recent quarterly valuations approved by the Board of Directors, calculates the estimated earnings per share for each investment in order to adjust the valuation of each investment for income that is expected to be realized and considers other factors that should be taken into account in order to adjust the valuations, including, market changes in expected returns for similar investments; performance improvement or deterioration which would change the margin added to the base interest rate charged; the nature and realizable value of any collateral; the issuer s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow; the markets in which the issuer does business; comparisons to publicly traded securities; and other relevant factors. 
 
 Management and the independent valuation firm may consider various factors in determining the fair value of our investments. One prominent factor is the enterprise value of a portfolio company determined by applying a market approach such as using earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA multiples, net income and/or book value multiples for similar guideline public companies and/or similar recent investment transactions and/or an income approach, such as the discounted cash flow technique. If relevant, management and the independent valuation firms will consider the pricing indicated by external events such as a purchase or sale transaction to corroborate the valuation. 
 
 Changes in market yields, discount rates, capitalization rates or EBITDA multiples, each in isolation, may change the fair value measurement of certain of our investments. Generally, an increase in market yields, discount rates or capitalization rates, or a decrease in EBITDA (or other) multiples may result in a decrease in the fair value measurement of certain of our investments. 
 
 Our investments that are classified as Level 3 are primarily valued utilizing a discounted cash flow, enterprise value EV waterfall, or asset recovery analysis. The discounted cash flow converts future cash flows or earnings to a range of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived utilizing an appropriate discount rate. The fair value measurement is based on the net present value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. Under the EV waterfall, the EV of a portfolio company is first determined and allocated over the portfolio company s securities in order of their preference relative to one another (i.e., waterfall allocation). To determine the EV, we typically use a market (multiples) valuation approach that considers relevant and applicable market trading data of guideline public companies, transaction metrics from precedent merger and acquisitions transactions, and/or a discounted cash flow . The asset recovery analysis is intended to approximate the net recovery value of an investment based on, among other things, assumptions regarding liquidation proceeds based on a hypothetical liquidation of a portfolio company s assets. 
 
 In determining the range of values for our investments in CLOs, the independent valuation firm uses a discounted multi-path cash flow model. Various risk factors are sensitized in the multi-path cash flow model using Monte Carlo simulations to generate probability-weighted (i.e., multi-path) cash flows for the underlying assets and liabilities. These cash flows are discounted using appropriate market discount rates, and relevant data in the CLO market and certain benchmark credit indices are considered, to determine the value of each CLO investment. 
 
 84 

At June 30, 2023, 18,808,075, 478,096, 499,544 and 0, of our total investments were valued using the discounted cash flow, enterprise value waterfall, sensitivity analysis and market quotes, respectively, compared to 22,587,958, 641,000, 0 and 3,001,880, respectively, at June 30, 2022. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded securities. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded it. 
 In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected in the currently assigned valuations. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 2 within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates and equity price risk. The economic effects of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the ensuing geopolitical uncertainty have introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effects of this volatility could materially impact our market risks. For additional information concerning risks and their potential impact on our business and our operating results, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates impacting some of the loans in our portfolio which have floating interest rates. Additionally, because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Risks Relating to Our Business - Rising interest rates may adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 Our debt investments may be based on floating rates or fixed rates. For our floating rate loans the rates are determined from the LIBOR, SOFR, EURO Interbank Offer Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate. The floating interest rate loans may be subject to an interest rate floor. Our loans typically have durations of one, two, three, six or twelve months after which they reset to current market interest rates. As of June 30, 2023, 99 (based on fair value) of our investments paid variable interest rates and 1 paid fixed rates (considering interest rate flows for floating rate instruments, excluding our investments in equity and structured subordinated notes). A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to certain variable rate investments we hold and to declines in the value of any fixed rate investments we may hold in the future. 
 
 We also have a revolving credit facility that is based on floating SOFR rates. Interest on borrowings under the revolving credit 
 facility is three-month SOFR plus 155 basis points with no minimum SOFR floor and an outstanding balance of 8,600,000 as of June 30, 2023. 
 The following table shows the estimated annual impact of changes in interest rates (considering interest rate flows for floating rate instruments, excluding our investments in equity, fixed rate instruments and structured subordinated notes) on our interest income, interest expense and net interest income, assuming no changes in our investment portfolio in effect as of June 30, 2023: 
 85 

Interest Rate Basis Point Change Interest Income Interest Expense Net Investment Income Up 300 basis points 549,928 258,000 291,928 Up 200 basis points 366,619 172,000 194,619 Up 100 basis points 183,309 86,000 97,309 Down 100 basis points (183,309) (86,000) (97,309) Down 200 basis points (366,619) (172,000) (194,619) Down 300 basis points (549,928) (258,000) (291,928) 
 
 Because we may borrow money to make investments, our net investment income may be dependent on the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest these funds. In periods of increasing interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which may reduce our net investment income. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 
 We may also face risk due to the lack of liquidity in the marketplace which could prevent us from raising sufficient funds to adequately invest in a broad pool of assets. We are subject to other financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. However, at this time, with no portfolio investments, this risk is immaterial. 
 
 In addition, we may have risk regarding portfolio valuation. For discussion of critical accounting policies, estimates and risks regarding our portfolio valuation, refer to our Part II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates Fair value estimates. 

86 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , NY, PCAOB ID # 
 87 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 89 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 90 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 91 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 93 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 94 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 100 

87 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. 
 New York, New York 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. (the Company ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 by correspondence with the custodians, brokers and portfolio companies; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Level 3 Investments 
 
 As described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's consolidated investments at fair value were 21.9 million as of June 30, 2023. The Company s investment portfolio is primarily comprised of privately held equity and debt instruments in portfolio companies and collateralized loan obligations CLO ), substantially all of which have been classified as level 3 investments in the fair value hierarchy. The Company s determination of fair value for these level 3 investments involves valuation techniques as described in Notes 2 and 8 and requires management to make judgments on the utilization of inputs that are unobservable and significant to the entire fair value measurement. The fair value of investments in equity and debt instruments is determined on a quarterly basis by the Board of Directors based on input from management, the Audit Committee and third-party valuation firms. The third-party valuation firms prepare independent valuations with a range of values for each investment based on their independent assessments. 
 88 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

We identified the valuation of level 3 investments as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination are the use of valuation approaches, including complex techniques to value these investments and the use of significant unobservable inputs, which are inherently uncertain and subjective, including earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA multiples and market yields for portfolio companies, and discount rates for CLOs. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s assumptions involved a high degree of auditor judgment and specialized skills and knowledge needed. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of management s fair value estimates and performing the following procedures for a selection of investments: 
 assessing the appropriateness of valuation approaches, such as the market or income approach for portfolio companies, including discounted cash flow techniques for portfolio companies and CLOs; 
 evaluating whether significant unobservable inputs used were reasonable including (a) historical or forecasted EBITDA multiples and market yields for portfolio companies, and (b) discount rates for CLOs; 
 recalculating the fair value estimates for portfolio companies, including testing the completeness and accuracy of key data used in the valuations; and 
 performing independent fair value calculations for CLOs from independently derived assumptions. 

/s/ BDO USA, P.C. 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. 
 New York, New York 
 September 27, 2023 
 
 89 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Assets June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Investments at fair value: Non-control/non-affiliate investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Total investments (Note 7 and 8) Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivable for investments sold Deferred financing costs (Note 10) Interest receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Receivable for repayments of portfolio investments Total Assets Liabilities Revolving Credit Facility (Note 10) Payable for open trade Due to Administrator (Note 4) Accrued audit and tax fees Distributions payable Interest payable Accrued expenses Accrued legal fees Tax payable Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) Net Assets Components of Net Assets Common Stock, par value per share shares authorized; and Class A shares issued and outstanding, respectively) (Note 3) 
 Paid-in capital in excess of par (Note 3 and Note 6) Total distributable earnings (loss) (Note 6) ) ) Net Assets Net Asset Value Per Share (Note 11) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 90 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Investment Income Interest income from non-control/non-affiliate investments Interest income from structured credit securities Total Investment Income Operating Expenses Interest expense and credit facility expenses (Note 10) Administrator Costs (Note 4) 
 Base management fees (Note 4) 
 Audit and tax expense Transfer agent s fees and expenses Insurance expense Legal expense General and administrative Valuation services Offering costs 
 Excise tax expense Total Operating Expenses Expense limitation payment (Note 4) ) ) ) Total Net Operating Expenses Net Investment Income (Loss) ) Net Realized Losses and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments Net realized losses: Non-control/non-affiliate investments ) ) Net realized losses ) ) Net change in unrealized (losses) gains: Affiliate investments ) Non-control/non-affiliate investments ) ) Net change in unrealized (losses) gains ) ) Net Realized Losses and Net Change in Unrealized (Losses) Gains on Investments ) ) Net (Decrease)/Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations ) ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations per share (Note 11) (1) 
 Distributions declared per share 
 (1) , and , respectively. 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 91 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

Common Stock For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 Shares Par Paid-in Capital in Excess of Par Distributable Earnings (Loss) Net Assets Balance as of June 30, 2022 (1) 
 ) Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income Net realized losses on investments ) ) Net change in unrealized losses on investments ) ) Distributions to Shareholders (Note 5) Distributions from earnings ) ) Return of capital distributions ) ) Capital Transactions Shares issued through reinvestment of distributions (Note 3) Repurchase of common shares (Note 3) ) ) ) ) Tax Reclassification of Net Assets (Note 6) ) Total Increase (Decrease) for the year ended June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) (1) Certain reclassifications have been made in the presentation of prior year and prior quarter amounts to conform to the presentation for the current fiscal year. In addition, we have not yet finalized return of capital estimates for the current period. See Note 2 and 6 within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Common Stock For the Year Ended June 30, 2022 Shares Par Paid-in Capital in Excess of Par Distributable Earnings (Loss) Net Assets Balance as of June 30, 2021 (1) 
 ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income Net change in unrealized losses on investments ) ) Distributions to Shareholders (Note 5) (1) 
 Distributions from earnings ) ) Return of capital distributions ) ) Capital Transactions Shares issued through reinvestment of distributions Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Tax Reclassification of Net Assets (Note 6) ) Total Increase (Decrease) for the year ended June 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2022 ) (1) Certain reclassifications have been made in the presentation of prior year and prior quarter amounts to conform to the presentation for the current fiscal year. In addition, we have not yet finalized return of capital estimates for the current period. See Note 2 and 6 within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 92 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Common Stock For the Year Ended June 30, 2021 Shares Par Paid-in Capital in Excess of Par Distributable Earnings (Loss) Net Assets Balance as of June 30, 2020 (1) 
 ) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income ) ) Net realized losses on investments ) ) Net change in unrealized losses on investments Distributions to Shareholders (Note 5) Distributions from earnings ) ) Return of capital distributions ) ) Capital Transactions Shares issued Commissions and fees on shares sold ) ) Shares issued through reinvestment of distributions Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Tax Reclassification of Net Assets (Note 6) ) Total Increase (Decrease) for the year ended June 30, 2021 ) Balance as of June 30, 2021 ) (1) Certain reclassifications have been made in the presentation of prior year and prior quarter amounts to conform to the presentation for the current fiscal year. In addition, we have not yet finalized return of capital estimates for the current period. See Note 2 and 6 within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

93 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (decrease)/increase in net assets resulting from operations ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Amortization of offering costs Purchases of investments ) ) Repayments and sales of portfolio investments Net change in unrealized losses (gains) on investments ) Net realized losses on investments Amortization of premiums (accretion of purchase discounts) on investments, net ) Deferred financing costs ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Payment-in-kind interest ) ) ) Settlement of Treasury Bills ) Changes in other assets and liabilities: (Increase) Decrease in operating assets Receivable for investments sold ) Receivable for repayments of portfolio investments ) ) Interest receivable ) ) Deferred offering costs ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Increase (Decrease) in operating liabilities Due to Adviser (Note 4) ) Payable for open trades Accrued expenses ) Accrued legal fees ) Accrued audit fees ) ) Due to Administrator (Note 4) ) Payable for investments purchased ) Due to Affiliates (Note 4) ) ) Interest payable ) ) Tax payable ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from financing activities: Gross proceeds from shares issued (Note 3) Commissions and fees on shares issued ) Distributions paid to stockholders ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Repayments under Revolving Credit Facility (Note 10) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for interest Non-cash financing activities: Value of shares issued through reinvestment of distributions Beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year End of the year Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 94 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 

June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company / Security Type 
 Industry Acquisition Date Coupon/Yield (b) Floor Legal Maturity Principal/ Quantity Amortized Cost (d) Fair Value (c) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control): Senior Secured Loans-First Lien (k)(l) 
 Aventiv Technologies, LLC (f/k/a Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.) (f) (h)(j) 
 Telecommunications 7/31/2019 3ML+ 
 11/1/2024 BCPE North Star US Holdco 2, Inc. (f) (h) 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 2/2/2022 3ML+ 
 6/9/2028 CareerBuilder, LLC (h)(j) 
 Services: Consumer 4/18/2023 6M SOFR+ 
 7/31/2026 DRI Holding Inc (f) (h) 
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 12/16/2021 1ML SOFR+ 
 12/21/2028 DTI Holdco, Inc. (f) (h) 
 Services: Business 4/21/2022 3M SOFR+ 
 4/26/2029 First Brands Group (f)(h) 
 Automotive 3/24/2021 6M SOFR+ 
 3/30/2027 PetVet Care Centers, LLC (f)(i) 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 11/22/2021 1ML+ 
 2/14/2025 RC Buyer, Inc. (f) (h) 
 Consumer goods: Durable 7/27/2021 3M SOFR + 
 7/28/2028 Research Now Group, LLC (f/k/a Research Now Group, Inc.) and Dynata, LLC (f/k/a Survey Sampling International, LLC) (f) (h) 
 Services: Business 4/2/2019 3ML+ 
 12/20/2024 Rising Tide Holdings, Inc. (f) (h)(o) 
 Consumer goods: Non-Durable 5/26/2021 3M SOFR + Cash, 3M SOFR+ PIK 
 6/1/2028 Sorenson Communications, LLC (f)(h) 
 Services: Consumer 3/12/2021 1ML+ 
 3/17/2026 Staples, Inc. (f)(i)(j) 
 Wholesale 11/18/2019 3ML+ 
 4/16/2026 Upstream Newco, Inc. (f)(h) 
 Services: Consumer 7/22/2021 3M SOFR+ 
 11/20/2026 ViaPath Technologies (f/k/a Global Tel Link Corporation) (f) (h)(j) 
 Telecommunications 4/5/2019 1M SOFR+ 
 11/29/2025 Wellpath Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Correct Care Solutions Group Holdings, LLC) (f) (h)(j) 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 4/2/2019 3ML+ 
 10/1/2025 Total Senior Secured Loans-First Lien Senior Secured Loans-Second Lien (f)(h)(k)(l)(o) 
 Shutterfly Finance, LLC Media: Diversified and Production 6/5/2023 3M SOFR+ 
 10/1/2027 Total Senior Secured Loans-Second Lien Senior Secured Notes (a)(h)(k) 
 CURO Group Holdings Corp. Financial 11/18/2021 N/A 8/1/2028 Total Senior Secured Notes Structured Subordinated Notes (a)(e)(h)(k) 
 Apidos CLO XXIV Structured Finance 5/17/2019 N/A 10/20/2030 Apidos CLO XXVI Structured Finance 7/25/2019 N/A 7/18/2029 California CLO IX, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/13/2019 N/A 7/16/2032 Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2014-4-R, Ltd. Structured Finance 4/7/2017 N/A 7/15/2030 Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2017-5, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/18/2017 N/A 1/22/2030 Galaxy XIX CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/5/2016 N/A 7/24/2030 GoldenTree Loan Opportunities IX, Ltd. (m) 
 Structured Finance 7/19/2017 N/A 10/29/2029 Madison Park Funding XIII, Ltd. (m) 
 Structured Finance 11/6/2015 N/A 4/22/2030 Madison Park Funding XIV, Ltd. Structured Finance 11/16/2015 N/A 10/22/2030 
 95 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 

June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company / Security Type Industry Acquisition Date Coupon/Yield (b) Floor Legal Maturity Principal/ Quantity Amortized Cost (d) Fair Value (c) of Net Assets Octagon Investment Partners XIV, Ltd. (m) 
 Structured Finance 12/1/2017 N/A 7/16/2029 Octagon Investment Partners XV, Ltd. Structured Finance 5/23/2019 N/A 7/19/2030 Octagon Investment Partners XXI,Ltd. (j) 
 Structured Finance 1/6/2016 N/A 2/14/2031 Octagon Investment Partners 30, Ltd. Structured Finance 11/16/2017 N/A 3/17/2030 Octagon Investment Partners 31, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/20/2019 N/A 7/20/2030 Octagon Investment Partners 36, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/20/2019 N/A 4/15/2031 Octagon Investment Partners 39, Ltd. Structured Finance 1/9/2020 N/A 10/21/2030 OZLM XII, Ltd. (m) 
 Structured Finance 1/17/2017 N/A 4/30/2027 Sound Point CLO II, Ltd. (m) 
 Structured Finance 5/16/2019 N/A 1/26/2031 Sound Point CLO VII-R, Ltd. Structured Finance 8/23/2019 N/A 10/23/2031 Sound Point CLO XVIII, Ltd. Structured Finance 5/16/2019 N/A 1/21/2031 THL Credit Wind River 2013-1 CLO, Ltd. (m) 
 Structured Finance 11/1/2017 N/A 7/22/2030 Venture XXXIV CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance 7/30/2019 N/A 10/15/2031 Voya IM CLO 2013-1, Ltd. (j) 
 Structured Finance 6/9/2016 N/A 10/15/2030 Voya CLO 2016-1, Ltd. Structured Finance 1/22/2016 N/A 1/21/2031 Total Structured Subordinated Notes Equity/Other (a)(g)(h)(k) 
 ACON IWP Investors I, L.L.C. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 4/30/2015 N/A N/A N/A FullBeauty Brands Holding, Common Stock Retail 2/7/2019 N/A N/A N/A Total Equity/Other Total Portfolio Investments 
 (a) are non-qualifying assets as a percentage of total assets. 
 (b) The majority of the investments bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to either London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR" or "L") or Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") which resets monthly, quarterly, or semiannually. For each such investment, the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR, SOFR or the prime lending rate ("Prime") and the current contractual interest rate in effect at June 30, 2023. Certain investments are subject to a LIBOR, SOFR or Prime interest rate floor. The one-month ("1ML") and three-month ("3ML") LIBOR rates are based on the applicable LIBOR rate for each investment on its reset date. The one-month ("1M SOFR"), three-month ("3M SOFR") and six-month ("6M SOFR") SOFR rates are based on the applicable SOFR rate for each investment on its reset date. 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) and , respectively, representing and of our total investments, respectively. 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 96 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 

 Octagon Investment Partners XXI, Ltd. Structured Subordinated Notes 2/14/2019 Staples, Inc. Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 2/3/2020 ViaPath Technologies (f/k/a Global Tel Link Corporation) Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 7/9/2019, 7/16/2019 Voya IM CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Structured Subordinated Notes 10/17/2017, 7/1/2019 Wellpath Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Correct Care Solutions Group Holdings, LLC) Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 4/10/2019, 7/25/2019 
 (k) 
 (l) 
 (m) as expected future cash flows are anticipated to not be sufficient to repay the investment at cost. If the expected investment proceeds increase, there is a potential for future investment income from the investment. Distributions, once received, will be recognized as return of capital, and when called, any remaining unamortized investment costs will be written off if the actual distributions are less than the amortized investment cost. To the extent that the cost basis of the SSN is fully recovered, any future distributions will be recorded as realized gains. 
 (n) As defined in the 1940 Act, we are deemed to be an Affiliated company of these portfolio companies because we own more than 5 of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. There were no transactions with affiliated investments during the year ended June 30, 2023 . 
 Affiliated Companies Fair Value at June 30, 2022 Gross Additions (Cost) Gross Reductions (Cost) Net unrealized gains (losses) Fair Value at June 30, 2023 Interest income Dividend income Other income Net realized gains (losses) Total 
 
 (o) 
 Shutterfly Finance, LLC - Second Lien Term Loan 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 97 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company / Security Type 
 Industry Acquisition Date Coupon/Yield (b) Floor Legal Maturity Principal/ Quantity Amortized Cost (d) Fair Value (c) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control): Senior Secured Loans-First Lien (g)(l)(m) 
 Amerilife Holdings, LLC (i)(k) 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 2/6/2020 1ML+ 
 3/18/2027 Aventiv Technologies, LLC (f/k/a Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.) (j)(k) 
 Telecommunications 7/31/2019 3ML+ 
 11/1/2024 BCPE North Star US Holdco 2, Inc. (i) 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 2/2/2022 3ML+ 
 6/9/2028 CareerBuilder, LLC (i)(k) 
 Services: Consumer 7/27/2017 3ML+ 
 7/31/2023 DRI Holding Inc (i) 
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 12/16/2021 1ML+ 
 12/21/2028 DTI Holdco, Inc. (i) 
 Services: Business 4/21/2022 1M SOFR+ 
 4/26/2029 Excelitas Technologies Corp. (i) 
 High Tech Industries 7/21/2021 3ML+ 
 12/2/2024 First Brands Group (i) 
 Automotive 3/24/2021 3M SOFR+ 
 3/30/2027 PetVet Care Centers, LLC (i) 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 11/22/2021 1ML+ 
 2/14/2025 Quidditch Acquisition, Inc. (i) 
 Beverage, Food Tobacco 3/21/2018 1ML+ 
 3/21/2025 RC Buyer, Inc. (i) 
 Consumer goods: Durable 7/27/2021 3ML + 
 7/28/2028 Research Now Group, Inc. Survey Sampling International LLC (j) 
 Services: Business 4/2/2019 6ML+ 
 12/20/2024 Rising Tide Holdings, Inc. (i) 
 Consumer goods: Non-Durable 5/26/2021 1ML+ 
 6/1/2028 Rocket Software, Inc. (j)(k) 
 High Tech Industries 4/2/2019 1ML+ 
 11/28/2025 Shutterfly, LLC (j) 
 Media: Diversified and Production 7/1/2021 3ML+ 
 9/25/2026 Sorenson Communications, LLC (i) 
 Services: Consumer 3/12/2021 3ML+ 
 3/17/2026 Staples, Inc. (j)(k) 
 Wholesale 11/18/2019 3ML+ 
 4/16/2026 Upstream Newco, Inc. (i) 
 Services: Consumer 7/22/2021 1M SOFR+ 
 11/20/2026 ViaPath Technologies (f/k/a Global Tel Link Corporation) (i)(k) 
 Telecommunications 4/5/2019 1ML+ 
 11/29/2025 Wellpath Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Correct Care Solutions Group Holdings, LLC) (i)(k) 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 4/2/2019 3ML+ 
 10/1/2025 Total Senior Secured Loans-First Lien Senior Secured Loans-Second Lien (i)(l)(m) 
 FullBeauty Brands Holding (f) 
 Retail 2/7/2019 PIK plus cash) 
 1/31/2025 Inmar, Inc. (g) 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 5/1/2017 1ML+ 
 5/1/2025 Total Senior Secured Loans-Second Lien Senior Secured Notes (a)(j)(l) 
 CURO Group Holdings Corp. Financial 11/18/2021 N/A 8/1/2028 Total Senior Secured Notes Structured Subordinated Notes (a)(e)(i)(l) 
 Apidos CLO XXIV Structured Finance 5/17/2019 N/A 10/20/2030 Apidos CLO XXVI Structured Finance 7/25/2019 N/A 7/18/2029 California CLO IX, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/13/2019 N/A 7/16/2032 Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2014-4-R, Ltd. Structured Finance 4/7/2017 N/A 7/15/2030 Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2017-5, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/18/2017 N/A 1/22/2030 
 98 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 

 June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company / Security Type Industry Acquisition Date Coupon/Yield (b) Floor Legal Maturity Principal/ Quantity Amortized Cost (d) Fair Value (c) of Net Assets Galaxy XIX CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/5/2016 N/A 7/24/2030 GoldenTree Loan Opportunities IX, Ltd. (n) 
 Structured Finance 7/19/2017 N/A 10/29/2029 Madison Park Funding XIII, Ltd. Structured Finance 11/6/2015 N/A 4/22/2030 Madison Park Funding XIV, Ltd. Structured Finance 11/16/2015 N/A 10/22/2030 Octagon Investment Partners XIV, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/1/2017 N/A 7/16/2029 Octagon Investment Partners XV, Ltd. Structured Finance 5/23/2019 N/A 7/19/2030 Octagon Investment Partners XXI,Ltd. (k) 
 Structured Finance 1/6/2016 N/A 2/14/2031 Octagon Investment Partners 30, Ltd. Structured Finance 11/16/2017 N/A 3/17/2030 Octagon Investment Partners 31, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/20/2019 N/A 7/20/2030 Octagon Investment Partners 36, Ltd. Structured Finance 12/20/2019 N/A 4/15/2031 Octagon Investment Partners 39, Ltd. Structured Finance 1/9/2020 N/A 10/21/2030 OZLM XII, Ltd. (n) 
 Structured Finance 1/17/2017 N/A 4/30/2027 Sound Point CLO II, Ltd. Structured Finance 5/16/2019 N/A 1/26/2031 Sound Point CLO VII-R, Ltd. Structured Finance 8/23/2019 N/A 10/23/2031 Sound Point CLO XVIII, Ltd. Structured Finance 5/16/2019 N/A 1/21/2031 THL Credit Wind River 2013-1 CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance 11/1/2017 N/A 7/22/2030 Venture XXXIV CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance 7/30/2019 N/A 10/15/2031 Voya IM CLO 2013-1, Ltd. (k) 
 Structured Finance 6/9/2016 N/A 10/15/2030 Voya CLO 2016-1, Ltd. Structured Finance 1/22/2016 N/A 1/21/2031 Total Structured Subordinated Notes Equity/Other (a)(i)(l) 
 ACON IWP Investors I, L.L.C. (h) 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 4/30/2015 N/A N/A N/A FullBeauty Brands Holding, Common Stock (h) 
 Retail 2/7/2019 N/A N/A N/A Total Equity/Other Total Portfolio Investments 
 (a) are non-qualifying assets as a percentage of total assets. 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) representing of our total investments. 
 (h) Represents non-income producing security that has not paid interest or dividends in the year preceding the reporting date. 
 (i) 
 99 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 (j) 
 (k) 
 Aventiv Technologies, LLC (f/k/a Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.) Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 8/2/2019 CareerBuilder, LLC Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 6/5/2020 Octagon Investment Partners XXI, Ltd. Structured Subordinated Notes 2/14/2019 Rocket Software, Inc. Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 6/28/2019, 7/30/2019 Staples, Inc. Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 2/3/2020 ViaPath Technologies (f/k/a Global Tel Link Corporation) Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 7/9/2019, 7/16/2019 Voya IM CLO 2013-1, Ltd. Structured Subordinated Notes 10/17/2017, 7/1/2019 Wellpath Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Correct Care Solutions Group Holdings, LLC) Senior Secured Loans-First Lien 4/10/2019, 7/25/2019 
 (l) 
 (m) 
 (n) 
 (o) As defined in the 1940 Act, we are deemed to be an Affiliated company of these portfolio companies because we own more than 5 of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. During the year ended June 30, 2022, there were no transactions with affiliated investments. 
 Affiliated Companies Fair Value at June 30, 2021 Gross Additions (Cost) Gross Reductions (Cost) Net unrealized gains (losses) Fair Value at June 30, 2022 Interest income Dividend income Other income Net realized gains (losses) Total 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 100 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

NOTE 1 - 
 shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Additionally, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. The Company previously offered for sale a maximum of of shares of common stock on a best efforts basis pursuant to a registration statement on Form N-2 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), that was dated and became effective on October 27, 2020 (the Offering ). The Company's initial registration statement on Form N-2 was declared effective on September 4, 2012 and the Company commenced the Offering on such date. On June 25, 2014, the Company met its minimum offering requirement of and released all shares held in escrow. On and effective February 19, 2021, the Company terminated the Offering and, as a result, the Company's Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated August 6, 2020, with Triton Pacific Securities, LLC TPS terminated in accordance with its terms and TPS ceased serving as the Company's dealer manager effective as of such date. Effective September 19, 2022, the Company engaged Preferred Capital Securities, LLC PCS as the Company s dealer manager for the Company s offering to accredited investors (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) of shares of its common stock (the Private Offering on the terms and conditions set forth in the Company s confidential private placement memorandum. The Company is relying on the exemption provided by Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in connection with the Private Offering. 
 
 On March 31, 2019, Pathway Capital Opportunity Fund, Inc. PWAY merged with and into us (the Merger ). As the combined surviving company, we were renamed TP Flexible Income Fund, Inc. (we were formerly known as Triton Pacific Investment Corporation, Inc. TPIC )). In connection with the Merger, Prospect Flexible Income Management, LLC PFIM ), an affiliate of PWAY, became our investment adviser, and Prospect Administration LLC (the "Administrator"), an affiliate of PFIM and our new investment advisor, Prospect Capital Management L.P. (the Adviser ), became our administrator. 
 
 On and effective August 5, 2020, the Company changed its name to Prospect Flexible Income Fund, Inc. from TP Flexible Income Fund, Inc. by filing Articles of Amendment to its Fourth Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended and supplemented. On and effective January 10, 2022, the Company changed its name to Prospect Sustainable Income Fund, Inc. from Prospect Flexible Income Fund, Inc. To effectuate the name change, the Company amended its Fourth Articles of Amendment and Restated, as amended and supplemented, and amended and restated its Second Amended and Restated Bylaws. On and effective September 16, 2022, the Company changed its name to Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. from Prospect Sustainable Income Fund, Inc. by filing Articles of Amendment to its Fourth Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended and supplemented, and amended and restated its Third Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 On April 20, 2021, we entered into an investment advisory agreement (the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, which was approved by our Board of Directors, including by all of the directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act). Our stockholders approved the Investment Advisory Agreement at a Special Meeting of Stockholders held on March 31, 2021. The Investment Advisory Agreement replaced our prior investment advisory agreement, dated March 31, 2019 (the Former Investment Advisory Agreement ), with PFIM, our former investment adviser, which terminated effective April 20, 2021. The Investment Advisory Agreement is identical in all material respects to the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, except for its date of effectiveness, term and the Adviser serving as our investment adviser instead of PFIM. As such, the Former Investment Advisory Agreement and the Investment Advisory Agreement contain the same terms, provisions, conditions and fee rates, and provide for the same management services to be conducted by the Adviser as were conducted by PFIM. On November 5, 2021, we amended and restated the Investment Advisory Agreement (the Amended and 
 101 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

NOTE 2 - 

and , respectively. 
 102 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 103 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 104 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 and , respectively. 
 105 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, PIK interest included in interest income totaled , and , respectively. To maintain RIC tax treatment, and to avoid corporate tax, substantially all of this income must be paid out to the stockholders in the form of distributions, even though the Company has not yet collected the cash. 

of excise tax for this period. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, the Company accrued of excise tax and subsequently paid excise tax for the 2021 calendar year. 
 106 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

NOTE 3 - 
 Repurchase of common shares ) ) Net (decrease)/increase from capital transactions 
 107 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 Shares issued through reinvestment of distributions Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Net (decrease)/increase from capital transactions ) ) 
 Status of Prior Public Offering 
 The proceeds from the issuance of common stock pursuant to the Offering as presented on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are presented net of selling commissions and dealer manager fees. The table above is presented gross of selling commissions and dealer manager fees for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. On and effective February 19, 2021, the Company terminated the Offering. 
 The respective net increase/(decrease) from capital transactions during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 also includes reinvested stockholder distributions as noted in the tables above. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The Company may conduct quarterly tender offers pursuant to its share repurchase program. The Company s Board of Directors will consider the following factors, among others, in making its determination regarding whether to cause the Company to offer to repurchase shares of common stock and under what terms: 
 
 the effect of such repurchases on the Company s qualification as a RIC (including the consequences of any necessary asset sales); 
 the liquidity of the Company s assets (including fees and costs associated with disposing of assets); 
 the Company s investment plans and working capital requirements; 
 the relative economies of scale with respect to the Company s size; 
 the Company s history in repurchasing shares of common stock or portions thereof; and 
 the condition of the securities markets. 
 The Company currently intends to limit the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of shares of common stock it can repurchase with the cash retained as a result of issuing shares under our distribution reinvestment plan to those stockholders who have elected to receive their distributions in the form of additional shares rather than in cash. At the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, the Company may also use cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from the liquidation of securities investments as of the end of the applicable period to repurchase shares of common stock. In addition, the Company will limit the number of shares of common stock to be repurchased in any calendar year to of the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding in the prior calendar year, or in each calendar quarter, though the actual number of shares of common stock that the Company offers to repurchase may be less in light of the limitations noted above. 
 Our Board of Directors reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to limit the number of shares to be repurchased for each class by applying the limitations on the number of shares to be repurchased, noted above, on a per class basis. We further anticipate that we will offer to repurchase such shares on each date of repurchase at a price equal to the current net offering price or net asset value per share, as applicable, on each date of repurchase. If the amount of repurchase requests exceeds the number of shares we seek to repurchase, we will repurchase shares on a pro-rata basis. As a result, we may repurchase less than the full amount of shares that stockholders submit for repurchase. If we do not repurchase the full amount of the shares that stockholders have requested to be repurchased, or we determine not to make repurchases of our shares, stockholders may not be able to dispose of their shares. Any periodic repurchase offers will be subject in part to our available cash and compliance with the 1940 Act. 

108 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 September 30, 2022 August 1, 2022 Total for the year ended June 30, 2023 Year ended June 30, 2022 September 30, 2021 August 2, 2021 December 31, 2021 November 4, 2021 March 31, 2022 February 1, 2022 June 30, 2022 May 9, 2022 Total for the year ended June 30, 2022 Year ended June 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 July 22, 2020 December 31, 2020 November 2, 2020 March 31, 2021 February 10, 2021 June 30, 2021 October 10, 2021 Total for the year ended June 30, 2021 
 109 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 NOTE 4 - 
 , and , respectively. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, , and , respectively, of US Bank and BNY fees are being included within the Administrator costs incurred by the Company. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and , respectively, was payable to the Administrator by the Company. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 
 On April 20, 2021, the Company entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, which was unanimously approved by the Company s Board of Directors, including by all of the directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), on February 18, 2021, subject to stockholder approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Company s stockholders approved the Investment Advisory Agreement at a Special Meeting of Stockholders held on March 31, 2021. 
 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement replaced the Former Investment Advisory Agreement with PFIM, the Company's former investment adviser, which terminated effective April 20, 2021. The Investment Advisory Agreement is identical in all material respects to the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, except for its date of effectiveness, term and the Adviser serving as the Company s investment adviser instead of PFIM. As such, the Former Investment Advisory Agreement and the Investment Advisory Agreement contain the same terms, provisions, conditions and fee rates, and provide for the same management services to be conducted by the Adviser as were conducted by PFIM. 
 
 On November 5, 2021, we amended and restated the Investment Advisory Agreement to reduce the advisory fees payable thereunder, effective as of January 1, 2022 and until the one year anniversary of the listing of our common stock on a national securities exchange (the Listing Anniversary ), as further discussed below. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement was unanimously approved by our Board of Directors, including by all of the directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act), and became effective on January 1, 2022. Under the Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, we reduced the base management fee from an annual rate of to and eliminated the incentive fee payable thereunder, effective as of January 1, 2022 and until the Listing Anniversary. Until such effective date, the advisory fees payable to the Adviser were as set forth in the Investment Advisory Agreement. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement has an initial two-year term and may be continued thereafter for successive one-year periods if such continuance is approved in the manner provided for under Section 15 of the 1940 Act. 
 
 Each of these investment advisory agreements is further discussed below. 
 
 Former Investment Advisory Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, we paid PFIM a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee payable to PFIM and any incentive fees it earned would ultimately be borne by our stockholders. 
 
 Base Management Fee . The base management fee was calculated at an annual rate of quarterly) of our average total assets, which included any borrowings for investment purposes. For the first quarter of our operations following the Merger, the base management fee was calculated based on the average value of our total assets as of the date of the Former Investment Advisory Agreement and at the end of the calendar quarter in which the date of the Former Investment Advisory Agreement fell, and was appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Subsequently, the base management fee was payable quarterly in arrears, and was calculated based on the average value of our total assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and was appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter was appropriately pro-rated. At PFIM s option, the base management fee for any period could be deferred, without interest thereon, and paid to PFIM at any time subsequent to any such deferral as PFIM determined. 
 110 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 base management fees incurred by PFIM. The total base management fee incurred by PFIM was during the year ended June 30, 2021. During the quarters ended December 31, 2020, March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021, the base management fee was not waived by PFIM. During the year ended ended June 30, 2021, base management fees of related to the three months ended September 30, 2020 were waived by PFIM. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the total base management fee due to PFIM was . 
 Incentive Fee . The incentive fee consisted of parts: (1) the subordinated incentive fee on income and (2) the capital gains incentive fee. 
 
 Subordinated Incentive Fee on Income. The first part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, was calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based upon our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For purposes of this fee, pre-incentive fee net investment income meant interest income, dividend income and distribution cash flows from equity investments and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we received) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses reimbursed under the Former Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the organization and offering expenses and incentive fees on income and capital gains). Pre-incentive fee net investment income included, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we had not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income did not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The subordinated incentive fee on income was subject to a quarterly fixed preferred return to investors, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, of annualized), subject to a catch up feature. Operating expenses were included in the calculation of the subordinated incentive fee on income. 
 
 We would pay PFIM a subordinated incentive fee on income for each calendar quarter as follows: 
 
 No incentive fee would be payable to PFIM in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income did not exceed the preferred return rate of . 
 
 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeded the preferred return but was less than or equal to in any calendar quarter annualized). We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeded the preferred return but was less than or equal to as the catch-up. The effect of the catch-up provision was that, if our pre-incentive fee net investment income reached in any calendar quarter, PFIM would receive of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a preferred return did not apply. 
 
 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeded in any calendar quarter annualized) would be payable to PFIM. This reflected that once the preferred return was reached and the catch-up was achieved, of all pre-incentive fee net investment income thereafter would be allocated to PFIM. 
 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee . The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the capital gains incentive fee, was determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equaled of our realized capital gains for the calendar year, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation at the end of such year. In determining the capital gains incentive fee payable to PFIM, we would calculate the aggregate realized capital gains, aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, as applicable, with respect to each investment that has been in our portfolio. For the purpose of this calculation, an investment is defined as the total of all rights and claims which may be asserted against a portfolio company arising from our participation in the debt, equity, and other financial instruments issued by that company. Aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equaled the sum of the differences between the aggregate net sales price of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. 
 
 Aggregate realized capital losses equaled the sum of the amounts by which the aggregate net sales price of each investment was less than the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation equaled the sum of the differences, if negative, between the aggregate valuation of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment as of the applicable calendar year-end. At the end of the applicable calendar year, the amount of capital gains that served as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains incentive fee involved netting aggregate realized capital gains against aggregate realized capital losses on a since-inception basis and then reducing this amount by the aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. If this number was positive, then the capital gains incentive fee 
 111 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains incentive fees paid since inception. Operating expenses were not taken into account when determining capital gains incentive fees. 
 There were incentive fees payable as of June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were incentive fees incurred. 
 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management fee payable to the Adviser and any incentive fees it earns will ultimately be borne by our stockholders. See "Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement" below for additional information. 
 Base Management Fee . The base management fee was calculated at an annual rate of quarterly) of our average total assets, which includes any borrowings for investment purposes. For the first quarter of our operations commencing with the date of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee was calculated based on the average value of our total assets as of the date of the Investment Advisory Agreement and at the end of the calendar quarter in which the date of the Investment Advisory Agreement fell, and was appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Subsequently, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears, and is calculated based on the average value of our total assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and is appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter is appropriately pro-rated. At the Adviser s option, the base management fee for any period may be deferred, without interest thereon, and paid to the Adviser at any time subsequent to any such deferral as the Adviser determines. 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the total base management fee incurred by the Adviser was , , respectively, which were waived by the Adviser. The total base management fee incurred by the Adviser was for period from April 20, 2021 through June 30, 2021, which is the date the Investment Advisory Agreement was entered into with the Adviser through the year ended June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the total base management fee due to the Adviser after the waiver was . 
 Incentive Fee . The incentive fee consisted of parts: (1) the subordinated incentive fee on income and (2) the capital gains incentive fee. 
 Incentive Fee- Subordinated Incentive Fee on Income. The first part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the subordinated incentive fee on income, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based upon our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For purpose of this fee pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and distribution cash flows from equity investments and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses reimbursed under the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the organization and offering expenses and incentive fees on income and capital gains). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a preferred return, or hurdle, of per quarter annualized) and a catch-up feature measured as of the end of each calendar quarter as discussed below. The subordinated incentive fee on income for each calendar quarter is paid to our Adviser as follows: (1) no incentive fee is payable to our Adviser in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the fixed preferred return rate of ; (2) of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the fixed preferred return but is less than or equal to in any calendar quarter annualized); and (3) of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds in any calendar quarter annualized). This reflects that once the fixed preferred return is reached and the catch-up is achieved, of all pre-incentive fee net investment income thereafter is allocated to our Adviser. These calculations are appropriately prorated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current quarter. 
 Incentive Fee- Capital Gains Incentive Fee . The second part of the incentive fee, which is referred to as the capital gains incentive fee, is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals of our realized capital gains for the calendar year, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation at the end of such year; provided that the 
 112 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains incentive fees paid since inception. Operating expenses are not taken into account when determining capital gains incentive fees. 
 There were incentive fees payable as of June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were incentive fees incurred. 
 
 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement 
 
 On November 5, 2021, we amended and restated the Investment Advisory Agreement to reduce the base management fee from an annual rate of quarterly) to quarterly) and eliminate the incentive fee payable thereunder, effective as of January 1, 2022 and until the Listing Anniversary. As such, until the Listing Anniversary, the base management fee will be calculated at an annual rate of quarterly) and the Adviser will not be entitled to any incentive fee. Following the Listing Anniversary (1) the base management fee will be calculated at an annual rate of quarterly), commencing with the first base management fee calculation that occurs after such anniversary, and (2) the Adviser will be entitled to receive the same incentive fee, including the subordinated incentive fee on income and the capital gains incentive fee, as set forth in the Investment Advisory Agreement and discussed above, commencing with the first calendar quarter after such anniversary. The Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement became effective on January 1, 2022. Until such effective date, the advisory fees payable to the Adviser were as set forth in the Investment Advisory Agreement. See Investment Advisory Agreement above. 
 Co-Investments 
 On January 13, 2020, (amended on August 2, 2022), the parent company of the Adviser received an exemptive order from the SEC (the Order ),which superseded a prior co-investment exemptive order granted on February 10, 2014, granting the ability to negotiate terms other than price and quantity of co-investment transactions with other funds managed by the Adviser or certain affiliates, including Prospect Capital Corporation PSEC and Priority Income Fund, Inc. PRIS ), where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions included therein. 
 Under the terms of the relief permitting us to co-invest with other funds managed by our Investment Adviser or its affiliates, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Company s independent directors must make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with the Company s investment objective and strategies. In certain situations where co-investment with one or more funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates is not covered by the Order, such as when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer, the personnel of the Adviser or its affiliates will need to decide which fund will proceed with the investment. Such personnel will make these determinations based on policies and procedures, which are designed to reasonably ensure that investment opportunities are allocated fairly and equitably among affiliated funds over time and in a manner that is consistent with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Moreover, except in certain circumstances, when relying on the Order, the Company will be unable to invest in any issuer in which one or more funds managed or owned by the Adviser or its affiliates has previously invested. 

113 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 , and , respectively, in expenses related to valuation services that are attributable to the Company. The Company reimburses PRIS for these expenses and includes them as part of Valuation services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, of expense is due to PRIS. 
 The cost of filing software and general ledger expenses are initially borne by PSEC, which then allocates to the Company its proportional share of such expense. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, PSEC incurred , and , respectively, in expenses related to the filing software and general ledger expenses that are attributable to the Company. The Company reimburses PSEC for these expenses and includes them as part of General and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, of expense is due to PSEC. 
 Officers and Directors 
 Certain officers and directors of the Company are also officers and directors of the Adviser and its affiliates. There were fees paid to the independent directors of the Company as the Company did not exceed the minimum net asset value required (i.e., greater than 100 million) to receive a fee for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. The officers do not receive any direct compensation from the Company. 
 
 Expense Limitation and Expense Reimbursement Agreements 
 Former Expense Limitation Agreement with PFIM 
 Concurrently with the closing of the Merger, we entered into an expense limitation agreement, dated March 31, 2019 (the "Former ELA") with PFIM. On April 30, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors approved extending the Former ELA for an additional term ending on April 30, 2021. On and effective February 17, 2021, the Former ELA was terminated in accordance with its terms. 
 Pursuant to the Former ELA, PFIM, in its sole discretion, could waive a portion or all of the investment advisory fees that it was entitled to receive pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement in order to limit our Operating Expenses (as defined below) to an annual rate, expressed as a percentage of our average quarterly net assets, equal to (the Annual Limit ). For purposes of the Former ELA, the term Operating Expenses with respect to the Company, was defined to include all expenses necessary or appropriate for the operation of the Company, including but not limited to PFIM s base management fee, any and all costs and expenses that qualified as line item organization and offering expenses in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as the same were filed with the SEC and other expenses described in the Former Investment Advisory Agreement, but did not include any portfolio transaction or other investment-related costs (including brokerage commissions, dealer and underwriter spreads, prime broker fees and expenses and dividend expenses related to short sales), interest expenses and other financing costs, extraordinary expenses and acquired fund fees and expenses. Upfront shareholder transaction expenses (such as sales commissions, dealer manager fees, and similar expenses) were not Operating Expenses. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,, there were base management fees incurred by PFIM. The total base management fee incurred by PFIM was during the year ended June 30, 2021 
 Any amount waived pursuant to the Former ELA is subject to repayment to PFIM (a Former ELA Reimbursement by us within the three years following the end of the quarter in which the waiver was made by PFIM. Although the Former ELA terminated effective February 17, 2021, PFIM maintains its right to repayment for any waiver it has made under the Former ELA, subject to the Repayment Limitations (discussed below). 
 A Former ELA Reimbursement can be made solely in the event that we have sufficient excess cash on hand at the time of any proposed ELA Reimbursement and shall be limited to the lesser of (i) the excess of the Annual Limit applicable to such quarter over the Company s actual Operating Expenses for such quarter and (ii) the amount of Former ELA Reimbursement which, when added to the Company s expenses for such quarter, permits the Company to pay the then-current aggregate quarterly distribution to its shareholders, at a minimum annualized rate of at least (based on the gross offering prices of Company shares) (the Distribution from the sum of (x) the Company s net investment income (loss) for such quarter plus (y) the Company s net realized gains (losses) for such quarter (collectively, the Repayment Limitations ). For the purposes of the calculations pursuant to (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence, any Former ELA Reimbursement will be treated as an expense of the Company for such quarter, without regard to the GAAP treatment of such expense. To the extent the Company books accruals for any such reimbursements, such accruals shall be booked in accordance with GAAP. In the event that the Company is unable to make a full payment of any Former ELA Reimbursements due for any applicable quarter because the Company does not have sufficient excess cash on hand, any such unpaid amount shall become a payable of the Company for accounting purposes and shall be paid when the Company has sufficient cash on hand (subject to the Repayment Limitations); provided, 
 114 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2020 September 30, 2023 December 31, 2020 N/A March 31, 2021 N/A June 30, 2021 N/A Total (1) No longer eligible to be repaid. 
 
 Expense Limitation Agreement with the Adviser 
 
 On and effective April 20, 2021, we entered into a new expense limitation agreement with the Adviser, which replaced the Former ELA with PFIM and was amended and restated on July 7, 2021 to extend the period during which the Adviser will be required to waive its investment advisory fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement, from September 30, 2021 to June 30, 2022 (the "First Amended and Restated ELA"). On August 23, 2022, we entered into the Second Amended and Restated Expense Limitation Agreement (the "Second Amended and Restated ELA") to extend the period during which the Adviser will be required to waive its investment advisory fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement from June 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022. On April 24, 2023, we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Expense Limitation Agreement (the Third Amended and Restated ELA and, together with the First Amended and Restated ELA and the Second Amended and Restated ELA, the "New ELA") to extend the period during which the Adviser will be required to waive its investment advisory fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement from December 31, 2022 to June 30, 2024, as discussed below. Other than this change, the terms and conditions of the Third Amended and Restated ELA are identical to those of the First and Second Amended and Restated ELAs. The New ELA has an initial term ending on June 30, 2024 and may be continued thereafter for successive one-year periods in accordance with its terms. 
 
 Pursuant to the New ELA, our Adviser waived a portion or all of the investment advisory fees that it was entitled to receive pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, from the effective date of the New ELA through June 30, 2024, in order to limit our Operating Expenses (as defined below) to an annual rate, expressed as a percentage of our average quarterly net assets, equal to (the Annual Limit ). After June 30, 2024, such waiver may be made at our Adviser s option and in its sole discretion. Even if the Adviser decides to voluntarily waive its investment advisory fees for a quarter ended after June 30, 2024, there is no guarantee that the Adviser will continue to do so. For purposes of the New ELA, the term Operating Expenses with respect to the Company, is defined to include all expenses necessary or appropriate for the operation of the Company, including but not limited to our Adviser s base management fee, any and all costs and expenses that qualify as line item organization and offering expenses in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as the same are filed with the SEC and other expenses described in the Investment Advisory Agreement, but does not include any portfolio transaction or other investment-related costs (including brokerage commissions, dealer and underwriter spreads, prime broker fees and expenses and dividend expenses related to short sales), interest expenses and other financing costs, extraordinary expenses and acquired fund fees and expenses. Upfront shareholder transaction expenses, such as sales commissions, dealer manager fees and similar expenses, are not Operating Expenses. Our Adviser waived fees, pursuant to the New ELA, in an amount of , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Any amount waived pursuant to the New ELA is subject to repayment to our Adviser (an ELA Reimbursement by us within the three years of the date on which the waiver was made by our Adviser. If the New ELA is terminated or expires pursuant to its terms, our Adviser will maintain its right to repayment for any waiver it has made under the New ELA, subject to the Repayment Limitations (discussed below). 
 
 Any ELA Reimbursement can be made solely in the event that we have sufficient excess cash on hand at the time of any proposed ELA Reimbursement and shall be limited to the lesser of (i) the excess of the Annual Limit applicable to such quarter over the Company s actual Operating Expenses for such quarter and (ii) the amount of ELA Reimbursement which, when added to the Company s expenses for such quarter, permits the Company to pay the then-current aggregate quarterly distribution to its shareholders, at a minimum annualized rate of at least (based on the gross offering prices of Company 
 115 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2024 March 31, 2022 March 31, 2025 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2025 September 30, 2022 September 30, 2025 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2025 March 31, 2023 March 31, 2026 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2026 Total 
 
 Dealer Manager Agreement 
 
 The Company and its Adviser entered into a dealer manager agreement, as amended, with TPS, which terminated effective February 19, 2021 in accordance with its terms in connection with the termination of the Company's continuous public offering of its common stock. TPS ceased serving as the Company's dealer manager effective as of such date. Pursuant to the terms of this dealer manager agreement, the Company would pay the dealer manager a fee of up to of gross proceeds raised in the Company's offering, some of which would be re-allowed to other participating broker-dealers. In addition to the upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees, PFIM could pay TPS a fee (the "Additional Selling Commissions") equal to no more than of the net asset value per share per year. TPS would reallow all or a portion of the Additional Selling Commissions to participating broker-dealers. TPS is an affiliated entity of the Triton Pacific Adviser, LLC, our former investment adviser (the TPIC Adviser ), and is partially owned by one of our former directors, Craig Faggen. For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were dealer manager related expenses incurred by the Company. 
 
 License Agreement 
 We entered into a license agreement with an affiliate of our Adviser, pursuant to which the affiliate granted us a non-exclusive, royalty free license to use the Prospect name. Under this license agreement, we have the right to use such name for so long as our Adviser or another affiliate of the Adviser is our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the Prospect name or logo. 

116 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

NOTE 5 - 
 August 26, 2022 September 30, 2022 October 28, 2022 November 25, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 27, 2023 February 24, 2023 March 31, 2023 April 28, 2023 May 26, 2023 June 30, 2023 Total for the Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 Distributions For the Year Ended PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, per share PFLOAT Class A Common Shares, Amount Distributed June 30, 2022 July 2, 9, 16, 23, and 30, 2021 August 6, 13, 20, and 27, 2021 September 3, 10, 17, and 24, 2021 October 1, 8, 15, 22, and 29, 2021 November 5, 12, 19, and 26, 2021 December 3, 10, 17, 24 and 31, 2021 January 7, 14, 21 and 28, 2022 February 4, 11, 18 and 25, 2022 March 25, 2022 (1) 
 April 29, 2022 (1) 
 May 27, 2022 (1) 
 June 24, 2022 (1) 
 Total for the Year Ended June 30, 2022 (1) Beginning March 2022, record dates are recorded as of the close of business at the end of the month. 
 117 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 August 7, 14, 21 and 28, 2020 September 4, 11, 18 and 25, 2020 October 2, 9, 16, 23 and 30, 2020 November 6, 13, 20 and 27, 2020 December 4, 11, 18 and 25, 2020 January 4, 8, 15, 22 and 29, 2021 February 5, 12, 19 and 26, 2021 March 5, 12, 19, and 26, 2021 April 2, 9, 16, 23, and 30, 2021 May 7, 14, 21, and 28, 2021 June 4, 11, 18, and 25, 2021 Total for the Year Ended June 30, 2021 
 
 The Company has adopted an opt in distribution reinvestment plan for its stockholders. As a result, if the Company makes a cash distribution, its stockholders will receive distributions in cash unless they specifically opt in to the distribution reinvestment plan so as to have their cash distributions reinvested in additional shares of the Company s common stock. However, certain state authorities or regulators may impose restrictions from time to time that may prevent or limit a stockholder s ability to participate in the distribution reinvestment plan. 
 The Company may fund its cash distributions to stockholders from any sources of funds legally available to it, including offering proceeds, borrowings, net investment income from operations, capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, non-capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, dividends or other distributions paid to the Company on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies and expense reimbursements from the Adviser. The Company has not established limits on the amount of funds it may use from available sources to make distributions. 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 the Company's officers and directors did t purchase any shares of our stock. 
 
 NOTE 6 - 

118 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 Return of capital Total distributions paid to stockholders (2) 
 (3) 
 
 (1) Final determination of tax character will not be final until we file our return for the tax year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) For the tax year ended December 31, 2022, of the 2021 declared distributions are allocable to 2022 for federal income tax purposes and are reported on the 2022 Form 1099-DIV. For the tax year ended December 31, 2022, of the 2022 declared distributions are allocable to 2023 for federal income tax purposes and will be reported on the 2023 Form 1099-DIV. 
 (3) For the tax year ended December 31, 2021, of the 2020 declared distributions are allocable to 2021 for federal income tax purposes and was reported on the 2021 Form 1099-DIV. For the tax year ended December 31, 2021, of the 2021 declared distributions are allocable to 2022 for federal income tax purposes and are reported on the 2022 Form 1099-DIV. 
 
 For the tax year ending December 31, 2023, the tax character of distributions paid to stockholders through June 30, 2023 is expected to be ordinary income and return of capital. However, the final determination of the tax character of distributions between ordinary income and return of capital will not be made until we file our tax return for the tax year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 As of September 6, 2022 when our prior Form 10-K was filed for the year ended June 30, 2022, we estimated our distributions for the fiscal and tax years disclosed therein to be distributions of return of capital. Subsequent to our filing date, we obtained more information from our underlying investments as to the character of the distributions for the tax year ended December 31, 2022, which resulted in changes to distributions previously disclosed in our Form 10-K filing. As a result of the change, our total distributable loss on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities for the year ended June 30, 2022 changed from to , with being reclassified to return of capital from ordinary income. 
 
 As of August 27, 2021 when our prior Form 10-K was filed for the year ended June 30, 2021, we estimated our distributions for the fiscal and tax years disclosed therein to be distributions of return of capital. Subsequent to our filing date, we obtained more information from our underlying investments as to the character of the distributions for the tax year ended December 31, 2021, which resulted in changes to distributions previously disclosed in our Form 10-K filing. As a result of the change, our total distributable loss on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities for the year ended June 30, 2021 changed from to , with being reclassified to ordinary income from return of capital. 
 
 The Company's cost basis of investments as of June 30, 2023 for tax purposes was , resulting in an estimated net unrealized loss of . The gross unrealized gains and losses as of June 30, 2023 were and , respectively. As of June 30, 2022, the cost basis of investments for tax purposes was , resulting in an estimated net unrealized loss of . As of June 30, 2022, the gross unrealized gains and losses were and , respectively. 
 
 Taxable income generally differs from net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized gains or losses, as unrealized gains or losses are generally not included in taxable income until they are realized. . Net realized (gains) losses on investments Net change in unrealized (gains) losses on investments Other temporary book-to-tax differences Permanent differences Taxable income (loss) before deductions for distributions (1) 

(1) Final determination of permanent difference will not be final until we file our return for the tax year ended December 31, 2022. 
 119 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

and , respectively, available for use in later tax years. The unused balance each year will be carried forward and utilized as gains are realized, subject to limitations. While our ability to utilize losses in the future depends upon a variety of factors that cannot be known in advance, some of the Company s capital loss carryforwards may become permanently unavailable due to limitations by the Code. 
 
 As of our most recent tax year ended December 31, 2022, we had no undistributed ordinary income in excess of cumulative distributions and no capital gain in excess of cumulative distributions. 
 
 Tax Year Ended December 31, 2022 Undistributed ordinary income Undistributed long-term capital gains Capital loss carryforwards ) 
 
 and decreased capital in excess of par value by . During the tax year ended December 31, 2021, we increased overdistributed net investment income by and decreased capital in excess of par value by . Due to the difference between our fiscal and tax year end, the reclassifications for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022 are being recorded in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023 and the reclassifications for the taxable year ended December 31, 2021 were recorded in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

120 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

and during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The original cost basis of debt investments and equity securities disposed from noncash restructured investments totaled and during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The new cost basis of debt investments and equity securities acquired from noncash restructured investments totaled and during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Debt repayments and considerations from sales of equity securities, excluding noncash restructured investments, of approximately and were received during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Debt repayments and considerations from sales of equity securities, including noncash restructured investments, of approximately and were received during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and , respectively, of the Company's portfolio was invested in floating rate investments based on fair value, totaling and , respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, of the Company's portfolio was invested in floating rate investments based on amortized cost, totaling and , respectively. 
 Senior Secured Loans-Second Lien Senior Secured Notes Structured Subordinated Notes Equity/Other Total Portfolio Investments June 30, 2022 Investments at Amortized Cost (1) 
 Investments at Fair Value Fair Value Percentage of Total Portfolio Senior Secured Loans-First Lien Senior Secured Loans-Second Lien Senior Secured Notes Structured Subordinated Notes Equity/Other Total Portfolio Investments (1) Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for PIK interest and the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on investments. 
 121 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Services: Consumer Services: Business Telecommunications Wholesale Media: Diversified and Production Media: Broadcasting Subscription Beverage, Food Tobacco Consumer goods: Durable Consumer goods: Non-Durable Automotive Financial Retail Total June 30, 2022 Industry Investments at Fair Value Percentage of Portfolio Structured Finance Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Telecommunications Services: Consumer Services: Business Beverage, Food Tobacco High Tech Industries Media: Broadcasting Subscription Consumer goods: Durable Wholesale Media: Diversified and Production Automotive Consumer goods: Non-Durable Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Financial Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing Retail Total 
 
 122 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 NOTE 8 - 
 Senior Secured Loans-Second Lien Senior Secured Notes Structured Subordinated Notes Equity/Other Total Portfolio Investments As of June 30, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Portfolio Investments Senior Secured Loans-First Lien Senior Secured Loans-Second Lien Senior Secured Notes Structured Subordinated Notes Equity/Other Total Portfolio Investments 
 
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available are typically valued at such market quotations. In order to validate market quotations, management and the independent valuation firm look at a number of factors to determine if the quotations are representative of fair value, including the source and nature of the quotations. These investments are classified as Level 1 or Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 The fair value of debt investments specifically classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy are generally valued by an independent pricing agent or more than one principal market maker, if available, otherwise a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. We generally value over-the-counter securities by using the prevailing bid and ask prices from dealers during the relevant period end, which were provided by an independent pricing agent and screened for validity by such service. 
 
 In determining the range of values for debt instruments where market quotations are not available, and are therefore classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, except CLOs and debt investments in controlling portfolio companies, management and the independent valuation firm estimated corporate and security credit ratings and identified corresponding yields to maturity for each loan from relevant market data. A discounted cash flow technique was then applied using the appropriate yield to maturity as the discount rate, to determine a range of values. In determining the range of values for equity investments of portfolio companies , the enterprise value was determined by applying a market approach such as using earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA multiples, net income and/or book value multiples for similar guideline public companies and/or similar recent investment transactions and/or an income approach, such as the discounted cash flow technique. The enterprise value technique may also be used to value debt investments which are credit impaired. For stressed debt and equity investments, asset recovery analysis was used. 
 In determining the range of values for our investments in CLOs, the independent valuation firm uses a discounted multi-path cash flow model. The valuations were accomplished through the analysis of the CLO deal structures to identify the risk exposures from the modeling point of view as well as to determine an appropriate call date (i.e., expected maturity). These risk factors are sensitized in the multi-path cash flow model using Monte Carlo simulations to generate probability-weighted (i.e., multi-path) cash flows for the underlying assets and liabilities. These cash flows are discounted using appropriate market discount rates, which consider relevant data in the CLO market and certain benchmark credit indices, to determine the value of each CLO investment. In addition, we generate a single-path cash flow utilizing our best estimate of expected cash receipts, and 
 123 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 124 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

125 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 as of June 30, 2023, a premium of from its amortized cost, compared to the ) unrealized depreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for CareerBuilder, LLC CareerBuilder for the First Lien Term Loan changed from solely using market quotes to solely using a Current Value Method CVM , since market quotes were less active in the current period. As a result of a increase in the CVM price of the First Lien Term Loan, the fair value of our investment in CareerBuilder increased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of ) from its amortized cost, compared to the ) unrealized depreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for CURO Group Holdings Corp. CURO for the Senior Secured Note changed from solely using market quotes to using a combination of the yield method approach and market quotes, since market quotes were less active in the current period. As a result of an increase in the yield method price of the Senior Secured Note, the fair value of our investment in CURO decreased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of ) from its amortized cost, compared to the ) unrealized depreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for DTI Holdco, Inc. ("DTI Holdco for the First Lien Term Loan changed from solely using the yield method approach to using a combination of the yield method approach and market quotes, since market quotes were more active in the current period. As a result of widening market spreads and a decrease in the quoted price of the First Lien Term Loan, the fair value of our investment in DTI Holdco First Lien Term Loan decreased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of ) from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized appreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for First Brands Group ("First Brands for the First Lien Term Loan changed from solely using the yield method approach to using a combination of the yield method approach and market quotes, since market quotes were more active in the current period. As a result of an increase in the quoted price of the First Lien Term Loan, the fair value of our investment in DTI Holdco First Lien Term Loan increased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of ) from its amortized cost, compared to the ) unrealized depreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Research Now Group, LLC (f/k/a Research Now Group, Inc.) and Dynata, LLC (f/k/a Survey Sampling International, LLC) Research Now for the First Lien Term Loan changed from solely using market quotes to using a combination of the yield method approach and market quotes, since market quotes were less active in the current period. As a result of an increase in the yield method price of the First Lien Term Loan, the fair value of our investment in Research Now increased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of ) from its amortized cost, compared to the ) unrealized depreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Rising Tide Holdings, Inc. Rising Tide for the First Lien Term Loan changed from using a combination of the yield method approach and market quotes to solely using the yield method approach, since market quotes were less active in the current period. As a result of widening market spreads and a decrease in the quoted price of the First Lien Term Loan, the fair value of our investment in Rising Tide decreased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of ) from its amortized cost, compared to the ) unrealized depreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for ViaPath Technologies (f/k/a Global Tel Link Corporation) ViaPath for the First Lien Term Loan changed from using a combination of the yield method approach and market quotes to relying solely on the yield method approach, since market quotes were less active in the current period. As a result of tightened credit market spreads, the fair value of our investment in ViaPath increased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of ) from its amortized cost, compared to the ) unrealized depreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 126 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 Services: Consumer Services: Business Telecommunications All Other Industries Total 
 
 June 30, 2022 Cost Fair Value of Portfolio Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Services: Consumer Telecommunications All Other Industries Total 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, investments in Tennessee, California and Connecticut comprised , and , respectively, of our investments at fair value, with a cost of , and , respectively, and a fair value of , and , respectively. As of June 30, 2022 investments in Massachusetts, Tennessee and California comprised , and , respectively, of our investments at fair value, with a cost of , and , respectively, and a fair value of , and , respectively. 

127 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 Net realized gains on investments ) ) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) ) ) ) ) Purchases of investments Restructuring of investments ) Payment-in-kind interest Accretion (amortization) of purchase discount and premium, net ) ) ) Repayments and sales of portfolio investments ) ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (1) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 (1) 
 ) ) Fair Value at June 30, 2023 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) attributable to Level 3 investments still held at the end of the period ) ) ) ) ) ) (1) Transfers are assumed to have occurred at the beginning of the quarter during which the asset was transferred. During the year ended June 30, 2023, four of our first lien loans transferred out of Level 2 to Level 3 due to a less significant level of market activity during the period and thus for these investments there were less observable inputs such as trades from independent pricing services. One of those loans was subsequently restructured into a second lien loan as a Level 3 investment. During the year ended June 30, 2023, one of our first lien loans transferred out of Level 3 to Level 2 due to a more significant level of market activity during the period and thus this investment was valued using observable inputs such as trades from an independent pricing service. During the year ended June 30, 2023, one of our senior secured notes transferred out of Level 2 to Level 3 due to a less significant level of market activity during the period and thus for this investment there was less observable inputs such as trades from independent pricing services. 
 
 128 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 Net realized gains on investments Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) ) ) Purchases of investments Payment-in-kind interest Accretion (amortization) of purchase discount and premium, net ) ) Repayments and sales of portfolio investments ) ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (1) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 (1) 
 ) ) Fair Value at June 30, 2022 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) attributable to Level 3 investments still held at the end of the period ) ) ) ) (1) Transfers are assumed to have occurred at the beginning of the quarter during which the asset was transferred. During the year ended June 30, 2022, one of our first lien loans transferred out of Level 2 to Level 3 due to a less significant level of market activity during the period and thus for these investments there were less observable inputs such as trades from independent pricing services. During the year ended June 30, 2022, two of our first lien loans transferred out of Level 3 to Level 2 due to a more significant level of market activity during the period and thus this investment was valued using observable inputs such as trades from an independent pricing service. 
 
 129 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 Net realized gains on investments ) ) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) Purchases of investments Payment-in-kind interest Accretion (amortization) of purchase discount and premium, net Repayments and sales of portfolio investments ) ) ) Transfers within Level 3 (1) 
 Transfers into Level 3 (1) 
 Transfers out of Level 3 (1) 
 ) ) Fair Value at June 30, 2021 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) attributable to Level 3 investments still held at the end of the period ) (1) Transfers are assumed to have occurred at the beginning of the quarter during which the asset was transferred. During the year ended June 30, 2021, five of our first lien loans transferred out of Level 3 to Level 2 due to a more significant level of market activity during the period and thus this investment was valued using observable inputs such as trades from an independent pricing service. 
 
 Affiliate Investments (5.00 to 24.99 voting control) Equity/Other Total Fair Value at June 30, 2020 Net realized gains on investments Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments Transfers within Level 3 (1) 
 ) ) Fair Value at June 30, 2021 Net change in unrealized gains (losses) attributable to Level 3 investments still held at the end of the period 

130 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 Sensitivity Analysis (Current Value Method) Enterprise Values x to x x Senior Secured First Lien Debt Discounted Cash Flow (Yield Analysis) Market Yield to Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Discounted Cash Flow (Yield Analysis) Market Yield to Senior Secured Notes 271,899 Discounted Cash Flow (Yield Analysis) Market Yield 33.96 to 34.28 34.12 Equity/Other Enterprise Value Waterfall (Market Approach) EBITDA multiples x to x x Subordinated Structured Notes Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate to (1) 
 (1) 
 (1) Represents the implied discount rate based on our internally generated single-cash flows that is derived from the fair value estimated by the corresponding multi-path cash flow model utilized by the independent valuation firm. 
 The following table provides quantitative information regarding significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of Level 3 investments as of June 30, 2022: 
 Unobservable Inputs Asset Category Fair Value Primary Valuation Technique Inputs Range Weighted Average Senior Secured First Lien Debt Market quotes Indicative dealer quotes to Senior Secured First Lien Debt Discounted Cash Flow (Yield Analysis) Market Yield to Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Market quotes Indicative dealer quotes to Equity/Other Enterprise Value Waterfall (Market Approach) EBITDA multiples x to x x Subordinated Structured Notes Discounted Cash Flow Discount Rate to (1) 
 (1) 
 (1) Represents the implied discount rate based on our internally generated single-cash flows that is derived from the fair value estimated by the corresponding multi-path cash flow model utilized by the independent valuation firm. 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were , and of structuring fees recognized as part of interest income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were accelerated original issue discounts due to repayments of , and , respectively included in interest income. For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there was early repayment income of , and included in interest income. 

131 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

, the balance outstanding, and is categorized as Level 2 under ASC 820. The fair value of the Revolving Credit Facility is equal to that of the carrying value since the Revolving Credit Facility bears a floating rate and re-prices to market frequently. 
 
 NOTE 9 - 

NOTE 10 - 
 
 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with Royal Bank of Canada, a Canadian chartered bank, acting as administrative agent. In connection with the Credit Facility, the SPV, as borrower, and each of the other parties thereto entered into a Revolving Loan Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2019 (the Loan Agreement ). 
 
 The Credit Facility matures on May 21, 2029 and, initially, bore interest at a rate of three-month LIBOR plus . On May 11, 2020, in connection with an extension of the ramp period for the Credit Facility from May 15, 2020 to November 15, 2020, the Company agreed to the increased interest rate of three-month LIBOR plus on the Credit Facility for the period from May 16, 2020 through November 15, 2020. Effective November 10, 2020, the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was extended again, from November 15, 2020 to May 14, 2021. As a result, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility of the three-month LIBOR plus was extended through May 14, 2021. On May 11, 2021, the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was further extended from May 14, 2021 to November 15, 2021. As a result, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility of the three-month LIBOR plus was extended through November 15, 2021. On August 26, 2021, the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was further extended from November 15, 2021 to August 25, 2022. In exchange, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility of the three-month LIBOR plus was extended permanently. On July 6, 2022, the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was further extended from August 25, 2022 to August 25, 2023. In connection with such extension, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility was amended from three-month LIBOR plus to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus . On March 24, 2023, (i) the end date of the ramp period of the Credit Facility was further extended from August 25, 2023 to October 25, 2023 and (ii) the Loan Agreement was amended to require sales of collateral and/or receipt of capital contributions in a combined amount to have generated proceeds (on a trade date basis) (x) during the period from March 24, 2023 through April 30, 2023, in the Initial Amount (the "Initial Amount") of , and (y) during each month thereafter in an amount equal to (the "Required Amount") with any amount in excess of the total Required Amount plus the Initial Amount contributing to the Required Amount for the next month. In connection with such extension and amendment, the interest rate on borrowings under the Credit Facility was reduced from SOFR plus to SOFR plus . The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the SPV s properties and assets. Under the Loan Agreement, the SPV has made certain customary 
 132 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 and , respectively, outstanding on our Credit Facility. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the investments used as collateral for the Credit Facility had an aggregate fair value of and , respectively, which represents and of our total investments for each period, respectively. These securities are not available as collateral to the Company's general creditors. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, cash balances of and , respectively, were used as collateral for the Credit Facility. The fair value of the Credit Facility was and is categorized as Level 2 under ASC 820 as of June 30, 2023. The fair value of the Credit Facility is equal to its carrying value as the Credit Facility is repriced to a market rate of interest frequently. 
 In connection with the origination of the Credit Facility, we incurred in fees, all of which are being amortized over the term of the facility. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and , respectively, remains to be amortized and is reflected as deferred financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . 
 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recorded , and respectively, of interest costs and amortization of financing costs on the Credit Facility as interest expense. 
 
 and , respectively. For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, average outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was , and , respectively. 

133 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 NOTE 11- 
 Net investment income (loss) ) Net realized and unrealized (losses) gains on investments ) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations ) ) ) ) Distributions (b) 
 Return of capital distributions (f) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Distributions from net investment income (f) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Total Distributions ) ) ) ) ) Offering costs Other (c) 
 ) Net asset value at end of year Total return based on net asset value (d) 
 ) ) ) Supplemental Data: Net assets at end of year Average net assets Average shares outstanding Ratio to average net assets: Total annual expenses Total annual expenses (after expense support agreement/expense limitation agreement) Net investment income (loss) ) Portfolio Turnover (a) Calculated based on average shares outstanding. (b) The per share data for distributions is the actual amount of distributions paid or payable per share of common stock outstanding during the year. Distributions per share are rounded to the nearest 0.01. 
 (c) The amount shown represents the balancing figure derived from the other figures in the schedule, and is primarily attributable to the accretive effects from the sales of the Company s shares and the effects of share repurchases during the year. (d) Total return is based upon the change in net asset value per share between the opening and ending net asset values per share during the year and assumes that distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. The computation does not reflect the sales load for any class of shares. Total return based on market value is not presented since the Company s shares are not publicly traded. (e) Data presented for the year ended June 30, 2019 includes the shareholder activity of PWAY Class A and Class I shares, prior to the Merger and conversion into shares of the Company. The net asset value per share at beginning of year has been adjusted by the exchange ratio used in the Merger. (f) The amounts reflected for the year ended June 30, 2022 have not been finalized. The amounts reflected for the year ended June 30, 2021 were updated based on tax information received subsequent to our Form 10-K filing for the year ended June 30, 2021. Certain reclassifications have been made in the presentation of prior period amounts. See Note 2 and Note 6 within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 134 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - June 30, 2023 

 Net investment income Net realized and unrealized losses on investments ) ) Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations ) Distributions (b) 
 Return of capital distributions ) ) Distributions from net investment income ) ) Total Distributions ) ) Offering costs Other (c) 
 Net asset value at end of year Total return based on net asset value (d) 
 Supplemental Data: Net assets at end of year Average net assets Average shares outstanding Ratio to average net assets: Total annual expenses Total annual expenses (after expense support agreement/expense limitation agreement) Net investment income Portfolio Turnover (a) Calculated based on average shares outstanding. (b) The per share data for distributions is the actual amount of distributions paid or payable per share of common stock outstanding during the year. Distributions per share are rounded to the nearest 0.01. (c) The amount shown represents the balancing figure derived from the other figures in the schedule, and is primarily attributable to the accretive effects from the sales of the Company s shares and the effects of share repurchases during the year. (d) Total return is based upon the change in net asset value per share between the opening and ending net asset values per share during the year and assumes that distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company s distribution reinvestment plan. The computation does not reflect the sales load for any class of shares. Total return based on market value is not presented since the Company s shares are not publicly traded. (e) The per share data and total return include the shareholder activity prior to PWAY s conversion to an interval fund. PWAY Class A Shares include the activity for Class R shares prior to such conversion and PWAY Class I Shares include activity for PWAY Class I Shares and Class RIA shares prior to such conversion. 

135 

and , respectively, based on the outstanding principal amount of our senior securities representing indebtedness. 
 Revolving Credit Facility Total Amount Outstanding Asset Coverage per Unit(1) Involuntary Liquidating Preference per Unit(2) Average Market Value per Unit(2) June 30, 2023 March 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 September 30, 2020 June 30, 2020 March 31, 2020 December 31, 2019 September 30, 2019 June 30, 2019 (1) The asset coverage ratio is calculated as our consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by secured senior securities representing indebtedness. This asset coverage ratio is multiplied by 1,000 to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit. (2) This column is inapplicable. 

NOTE 12 - ) Average common shares outstanding Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations per share 

NOTE 13 - 
 shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan in the amount of . 
 Investment Activity 
 During the period beginning July 1, 2023 and ending September 27, 2023, the Company sold investments amounting to . 
 136 

. The tender offer was for cash at a price equal to the net asset value per share as of July 14, 2023. The Offer expired at 4:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on July 19, 2023, and a total of Shares were validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as of such date. In accordance with the terms of the Offer, the Company purchased Shares validly tendered and not withdrawn at a price equal to per Share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately . 
 Credit Facility 
 
 On July 5, 2023, August 2, 2023 and September 18, 2023, we paid down , and , respectively, on the Credit Facility. On September 21, 2023, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement (the "Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility"), by and among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent. In conjunction with the closing of the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, we terminated the Credit Facility. As of September 27, 2023, there was balance on the Credit Facility. As of September 27, 2023, the balance on the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility was . 
 
 The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings in U.S. dollars and certain agreed upon foreign currencies in an initial aggregate amount of up to with an option for the Company to request, at one or more times, that existing and/or new lenders, at their election, provide up to in aggregate. The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility provides for swingline loans in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not exceed . Availability under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility will terminate on the earlier of the Commitment Termination Date of September 19, 2025 or the date of termination of the revolving commitments thereunder, and the outstanding loans under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility will mature on September 21, 2026. The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility also requires mandatory prepayment of interest and principal upon certain events, including after the date of termination of the revolving commitments thereunder from asset sales, extraordinary receipts, returns of capital, equity issuances, and incurrence of indebtedness, with certain exceptions and minimum amount thresholds. 
 
 Borrowings under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility are subject to compliance with a borrowing base test. Amounts drawn under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility in U.S. dollars will bear interest at either term SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of plus , or the prime rate plus . The Company may elect either the term SOFR or prime rate at the time of drawdown, and loans denominated in U.S. dollars may be converted from one rate to another at any time at the Company s option, subject to certain conditions. Amounts drawn under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility in other permitted currencies will bear interest at the relevant rate specified therein plus . 
 
 During the period commencing on September 21, 2023 and ending on the earlier of the Commitment Termination Date or the date of termination of the revolving commitments under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, the Company will pay a commitment fee of per annum (based on the immediately preceding quarter s average usage) on the daily unused amount of the commitments then available thereunder. 
 
 In connection with the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, the Company has made certain representations and warranties and must comply with various covenants and reporting requirements customary for facilities of this type. In addition, the Company must comply with the following financial covenants with respect to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries: (a) the Company must maintain a minimum shareholders equity, measured as of each fiscal quarter end; and (b) the Company must maintain at all times an asset coverage ratio not less than . 
 
 The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility contains events of default customary for facilities of this type. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the Administrative Agent, at the request of the required lenders, may terminate the commitments and declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility immediately due and payable. 
 
 The Company s obligations under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility are guaranteed by Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, and will be guaranteed by certain domestic subsidiaries of the Company that are formed or acquired by the Company in the future. The Company s obligations under the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets and certain of the Company s subsidiaries thereunder. 

137 

based on the current net asset value for the third fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023. The distributions have monthly record dates as of the close of business of the last Friday in July 2023 and August 2023, respectively, and equal a weekly amount of per share of common stock. 
 
 August 25, 2023 September 1, 2023 
 
 On September 25, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a distribution for the month of September 2023, which reflects a targeted annualized distribution rate of based on the current net asset value for the fourth fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023. The distribution has a monthly record date as of the close of business of the last Friday in September 2023 and equals a weekly amount of per share of common stock. 

Continuous Public Offering 
 
 shares of our Class S, Class D and Class I common stock. 
 
 Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A: Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was necessarily required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 138 

Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023 based on Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2022, a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting existed as of June 30, 2022, relating to the operation of the management review control over the evaluation of collateralized loan obligations CLOs ), including management s review procedures over the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in performing those review procedures. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we implemented the following controls to improve our internal control over financial reporting to address this material weakness: 
 
 Enhanced existing controls that address the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the performance of management review controls over the valuation of CLOs; and 
 
 Enhanced policies and procedures to retain adequate documentary evidence for certain management review controls over the valuation of CLOs, including precision of review and evidence of review procedures performed to demonstrate effective operation of such controls. 
 
 These enhanced controls resulted in an improved internal control environment that have been implemented for a sufficient length of time for management to conclude, through testing the design and operating effectiveness of these controls, that we have fully remediated the material weakness. 
 
 Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, BDO USA, P.C., as auditor of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all control issues or misstatements. Accordingly, our controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our control system are met. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become adequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 
 Other than the controls implemented to remediate the previously identified material weakness described above there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 139 

The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements - Financial statements are included in Item 8. See the Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. (2) Financial Statement Schedules - None. We have omitted financial statement schedules because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K. (3) Exhibits - The below provides a list of all exhibits filed as a part of this annual report on Form 10-K, including those incorporated by reference. 
 Please note that the agreements included as exhibits to this annual report on Form 10-K are included to provide information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about us or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement that have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated into this report by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 
 
 a. Financial Statements - See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 b. Exhibit No. - The following exhibits are filed or incorporated as part of this report. 

Exhibit No. Description 
 
 3.1 Fourth Amended Articles of Incorporation(1) 
 3.2 Articles Supplementary(2) 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary(3) 
 3.4 Articles of Merger of the Registrant(4) 
 3.5 Articles of Amendment(5) 
 3.6 Articles of Amendment(6) 
 3.7 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws(7) 
 3.8 Articles of Amendment(8) 
 3.9 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws(9) 
 10.1 Investment Advisory Agreement, and between Prospect Flexible Income Fund, Inc. and Prospect Capital Management 
 L.P.(10) 
 10.2 First Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, by and between Prospect Flexible Income Fund, Inc. 
 140 

and Prospect Capital Management L.P.(11) 
 10.3 Third Amended and Restated Expense Limitation Agreement, by and between Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative 
 Income Fund, Inc. and Prospect Capital Management L.P.(12) 
 10.3 Distribution Reinvestment Plan(13) 
 10.4 Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, by and between Prospect Flexible Income Fund, Inc. and Triton 
 Pacific Securities, LLC(14) 
 10.5 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, by and between Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income 
 Fund Inc. and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 
 10.6 First Amended and Restated Administration Agreement, by and between TP Flexible Income Fund, Inc. and Prospect 
 Administration LLC(16) 
 10.7 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 10, 2018, between the Registrant and Pathway Capital Opportunity 
 Fund, Inc.(17) 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 12, 2019, between the Registrant and Pathway 
 Capital Opportunity Fund, Inc.(18) 
 10.9 License Agreement between the Registrant and Prospect Capital Investment Management, LLC(19) 
 10.10 Document Custody Agreement, by and between Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. and U.S 
 Bank National Association 
 10.11 Securities Custody Agreement, by and between Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. and U.S 
 Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 14 Amended Code of Ethics(20) 
 21 Subsidiary of the Registrant: Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC (Delaware) (included in the notes to the consolidated 
 financial statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 ________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(a) to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (SEC File No. 333-174873) filed with the SEC on November 1, 2013. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(a)(1) to the Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (SEC File No. 333-206730) filed with the SEC on March 3, 2016. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 23, 2019. 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019. 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(a)(4) to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (SEC File No. 333-230251) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2020. 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022. 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022. 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022. 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 21, 2021. 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021. 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 24, 2023. 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(e) to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (SEC File No. 333-174873) filed with the SEC on July 8, 2013 
 141 

(14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(h) to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (SEC File No. 333-230251) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2020. 
 (15) 
 (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 20, 2019. 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-14 (SEC File No. 333-226861) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018. 
 (18) Incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form N-14 (SEC File No. 333-226861) filed with the SEC on February 13, 2019. 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 22, 2019. 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 26, 2019. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 142 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on September 27, 2023. 
 
 PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ M. Grier Eliasek 
 M. Grier Eliasek 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 By: /s/ Kristin Van Dask 
 Kristin Van Dask 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ M. GRIER ELIASEK /s/ ANDREW C. COOPER M. Grier Eliasek Andrew C. Cooper Chief Executive Officer and Director Director (Principal Executive Officer) September 27, 2023 September 27, 2023 /s/ KRISTIN L. VAN DASK /s/ WILLIAM J. GREMP Kristin L. Van Dask William J. Gremp Chief Financial Officer Director (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) September 27, 2023 September 27, 2023 /s/ EUGENE S. STARK Eugene S. Stark Director September 27, 2023 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 pfloat10k-2023ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, M. Grier Eliasek, Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. (the Company 
 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4) The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s M. Grier Eliasek 
 M. Grier Eliasek 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date September 27, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 pfloat10k-2023ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, Kristin Van Dask, Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. (the Company 
 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4) The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Kristin Van Dask 
 Kristin Van Dask 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
 Date September 27, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 pfloat10k-2023ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. (the Company for the period ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, M. Grier Eliasek, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 
 s M. Grier Eliasek 
 M. Grier Eliasek 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date September 27, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 pfloat10k-2023ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. (the Company for the period ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kristin Van Dask, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 
 s Kristin Van Dask 
 Kristin Van Dask 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 
 Date September 27, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 smbc-pfloatxcreditagreemen.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 EXECUTION COPY 

 SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 September 21, 2023, 
 among 
 PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC., 
 as Borrower, 
 the LENDERS party hereto, 
 and 
 SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as Administrative Agent, 
 20,000,000 __________________ 
 SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, 
 as Lead Arranger 
 and 
 
 SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION 
 as Sole Bookrunner 

755931990.12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE 
 Article I DEFINITIONS 
 5 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 
 5 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 50 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally 
 50 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP 
 50 
 SECTION 1.05. Currencies Currency Equivalents 
 51 
 SECTION 1.06. Divisions 
 52 
 SECTION 1.07. Concurrent Transactions 
 52 
 SECTION 1.08. Rates 
 52 
 Article II THE CREDITS 
 53 
 SECTION 2.01. The Commitments 
 53 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 
 54 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Syndicated Borrowings 
 54 
 SECTION 2.04. Swingline Loans 
 56 
 SECTION 2.05. Reserved 
 58 
 SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings 
 58 
 SECTION 2.07. Interest Elections 
 58 
 SECTION 2.08. Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments 
 60 
 SECTION 2.09. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 
 63 
 SECTION 2.10. Prepayment of Loans 
 64 
 SECTION 2.11. Fees 
 68 
 SECTION 2.12. Interest 
 68 
 SECTION 2.13. Inability to Determine Interest Rates 
 69 
 SECTION 2.14. Increased Costs 
 71 
 SECTION 2.15. Break Funding Payments 
 72 
 SECTION 2.16. Taxes 
 72 
 SECTION 2.17. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs 
 76 
 SECTION 2.18. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 
 78 
 SECTION 2.19. Defaulting Lenders 
 79 SECTION 2.20. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
 81 
 SECTION 2.21. Illegality 
 84 
 Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 85 
 SECTION 3.01. Organization Powers 
 86 SECTION 3.02. Authorization Enforceability 
 86 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts 
 86 SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change 
 86 SECTION 3.05. Litigation 
 86 SECTION 3.06. Compliance with Laws and Agreements 
 87 
 2 
 755931990.12 

SECTION 3.07. Taxes 
 87 SECTION 3.08. ERISA 
 87 SECTION 3.09. Disclosure 
 87 SECTION 3.10. Investment Company Act Margin Regulations 
 87 SECTION 3.11. Material Indebtedness and Liens 
 88 SECTION 3.12. Subsidiaries and Investments 
 88 SECTION 3.13. Properties 
 89 SECTION 3.14. Affiliate Agreements 
 89 SECTION 3.15. Sanctions 
 89 SECTION 3.16. PATRIOT Act 
 89 SECTION 3.17. Collateral Documents 
 89 SECTION 3.18. EEA Financial Institutions 
 90 Article IV CONDITIONS 
 90 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 
 90 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event 
 92 Article V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 92 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information 
 92 SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events 
 95 SECTION 5.03. Existence Conduct of Business 
 95 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations 
 95 SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance 
 96 SECTION 5.06. Books and Records Inspection and Audit Rights 
 96 SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws 
 96 SECTION 5.08. Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries Further Assurances 
 96 SECTION 5.09. Use of Proceeds 
 98 SECTION 5.10. Status of RIC and BDC 
 98 SECTION 5.11. Investment Policies 
 99 SECTION 5.12. Portfolio Valuation and Diversification Etc 
 99 SECTION 5.13. Calculation of Borrowing Base 
 103 Article VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 112 SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness 
 113 SECTION 6.02. Liens 
 114 SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes 
 115 SECTION 6.04. Investments 
 117 SECTION 6.05. Restricted Payments 
 118 SECTION 6.06. Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries 
 119 SECTION 6.07. Certain Financial Covenants 
 120 SECTION 6.08. Transactions with Affiliates 
 120 SECTION 6.09. Lines of Business 
 120 SECTION 6.10. No Further Negative Pledge 
 121 SECTION 6.11. Modifications of Longer-Term Indebtedness Documents 
 121 
 755931990.12 

SECTION 6.12. Payments of Longer-Term Indebtedness 
 121 SECTION 6.13. Accounting Changes 
 122 SECTION 6.14. Financing Statements 
 122 SECTION 6.15. SBIC Guarantee 
 123 Article VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 123 Article VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 126 SECTION 8.01. Appointment of the Administrative Agent 
 126 SECTION 8.02. Capacity as Lender 
 127 SECTION 8.03. Limitation of Duties Exculpation 
 127 SECTION 8.04. Reliance 
 127 SECTION 8.05. Sub-Agents 
 128 SECTION 8.06. Resignation Successor Administrative Agent 
 128 SECTION 8.07. Reliance by Lenders 
 129 SECTION 8.08. Modifications to Loan Documents 
 129 SECTION 8.09. Erroneous Payments 
 129 Article IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 132 SECTION 9.01. Notices Electronic Communications 
 132 SECTION 9.02. Waivers Amendments 
 134 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 
 136 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 
 139 SECTION 9.05. Survival 
 144 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution 
 144 SECTION 9.07. Severability 
 145 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff 
 145 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc 
 145 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 146 SECTION 9.11. Judgment Currency 
 146 SECTION 9.12. Headings 
 147 SECTION 9.13. Treatment of Certain Information No Fiduciary Duty Confidentiality 
 147 SECTION 9.14. PATRIOT Act 
 149 SECTION 9.15. Interest Rate Limitation 
 149 SECTION 9.16. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 
 149 SECTION 9.17. Certain ERISA Matters 
 150 SECTION 9.18. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 152 

755931990.12 

SCHEDULE 1.01(a) - Approved Dealers and Approved Pricing Services 
 SCHEDULE 1.01(b) - Commitments 
 SCHEDULE 1.01(c) - Industry Classification Group List 
 SCHEDULE 3.11(a) - Material Indebtedness 
 SCHEDULE 3.11(b) - Liens 
 SCHEDULE 3.12(a) - Subsidiaries 
 SCHEDULE 3.12(b) - Investments 
 SCHEDULE 6.08 - Transactions with Affiliates 
 EXHIBIT A - Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 EXHIBIT B - Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 EXHIBIT C - Form of Borrowing Request 
 EXHIBIT D - Form of Commitment Increase Supplement 
 
 755931990.12 

SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of September 21, 2023 (this Agreement ), among PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC., a Maryland corporation (the Borrower ), the LENDERS from time to time party hereto and SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as Administrative Agent (as defined below). 
 Article I DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan is, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing are, denominated in Dollars and bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate means (a) for the Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 equal to (i) the Term Benchmark Rate for such Interest Period for such Currency multiplied by (ii) the Statutory Reserve Rate for such Interest Period and (b) for the Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Currency (other than Euros), an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 equal to the Term Benchmark Rate for such Interest Period for such Currency provided that if the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate shall be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent means SMBC, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Agent s Account means, for each Currency, an account in respect of such Currency designated by the Administrative Agent in a notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Advance Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13 . 
 Affected Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.13 . 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person at any time, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified at such time. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the term Affiliate shall not include any Person that constitutes an Investment 
 755931990.12 

held, directly or indirectly, by any Obligor or Financing Subsidiary, or by any Affiliate of any Obligor, in each case in the ordinary course of business provided that the term Affiliate shall include any Financing Subsidiary. 
 Affiliate Agreements means (a) the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement dated as of November 5, 2021, by and between the Borrower and Prospect Capital Management L.P., and (b) the Amended and Restated Administration Agreement dated as of June 17, 2019, by and between the Borrower and Prospect Administration LLC. 
 Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser shall mean any Approved Third-Party Appraiser or any other Independent nationally recognized third-party appraisal firm identified by the Administrative Agent and consented to by the Borrower in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 Agreed Foreign Currency means, at any time, (i) any of Canadian Dollars, Sterling, Euros and Australian Dollars and (ii) with the prior written consent of each Multicurrency Lender, any other Foreign Currency, so long as, in respect of any such specified Foreign Currency or other Foreign Currency, at such time (a) such Foreign Currency is dealt with in the relevant market for obtaining quotations, (b) such Foreign Currency is freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the relevant local market, and (c) no central bank or other governmental authorization in the country of issue of such Foreign Currency (including, in the case of the Euro, any authorization by the European Central Bank) is required to permit use of such Foreign Currency by any Multicurrency Lender for making any Loan hereunder and or to permit the Borrower to borrow and repay the principal thereof and to pay the interest thereon, unless such authorization has been obtained and is in full force and effect. 
 Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) zero and (b) the highest of (i) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day plus 1 2 of 1 and (iii) the rate per annum equal to 1.00 plus Term SOFR on such day. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term SOFR (or successor therefor) as set forth above shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or Term SOFR (or successor therefor), respectively. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.09 . 
 Applicable Dollar Percentage means, with respect to any Dollar Lender, the percentage of the total Dollar Commitments represented by such Dollar Lender s Dollar Commitment. If the Dollar Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Dollar Percentages shall be determined based upon the Dollar Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 
 Applicable Financial Statements means, as at any date, the most-recent audited financial statements of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent provided that if immediately prior to the delivery to the Administrative Agent of new audited financial 
 6 Revolving Credit Agreement 

statements of the Borrower a Material Adverse Change (the Pre-existing MAC shall exist (regardless of when it occurred), then the Applicable Financial Statements as at said date means the Applicable Financial Statements in effect immediately prior to such delivery until such time as the Pre-existing MAC shall no longer exist. 
 Applicable Margin means, with respect to any ABR Loan, 1.500 per annum, (b) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, 2.500 per annum and (c) with respect to any RFR Loan, 2.500 per annum. 
 Applicable Multicurrency Percentage means, with respect to any Multicurrency Lender, the percentage of the total Multicurrency Commitments represented by such Multicurrency Lender s Multicurrency Commitment. If the Multicurrency Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Multicurrency Percentages shall be determined based upon the Multicurrency Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments. 
 Applicable Time means, with respect to any Loans and payments in any Foreign Currency, the local time in the Principal Financial Center for such Foreign Currency as may be reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Approved Dealer means (a) in the case of any Investment that is not a U.S. Government Security, a bank or a broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, of nationally recognized standing or an Affiliate thereof, (b) in the case of a U.S. Government Security, any primary dealer in U.S. Government Securities, and (c) in the case of any foreign Investment, any foreign bank or broker-dealer of internationally recognized standing or an Affiliate thereof, in the case of each of clauses (a) , (b) and (c) above, either as set forth on Schedule 1.01(a) or any other bank or broker-dealer or Affiliate thereof acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable determination. 
 Approved Pricing Service means (a) a pricing or quotation service set forth in Schedule 1.01(a) or (b) any other pricing or quotation service approved by the External Manager (so long as it has the necessary delegated authority) or the board of directors (or appropriate committee thereof with the necessary delegated authority) of the Borrower and designated in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent (which designation, if approved by the board of directors of the Borrower, shall be accompanied by a copy of a resolution of the board of directors (or appropriate committee thereof with the necessary delegated authority) of the Borrower that such pricing or quotation service has been approved by the Borrower). 
 Approved Third-Party Appraiser means any Independent nationally recognized third-party appraisal firm (a) designated by the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent (which designation, if approved by the board of directors of the Borrower, shall be accompanied by a copy of a resolution of the board of directors (or appropriate committee thereof with the 
 7 Revolving Credit Agreement 

necessary delegated authority) of the Borrower that such firm has been approved by the Borrower for purposes of assisting the board of directors (or appropriate committee thereof with the necessary delegated authority) of the Borrower in making valuations of portfolio assets to determine the Borrower s compliance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act) and (b) reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. It is understood and agreed that Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin Inc., Kroll, LLC (formerly known as Duff & Phelps Corporation , Gifford, Fong & Associates, Murray, Devine & Co., Lincoln International LLC (formerly known as Lincoln Partners LLC), Valuation Research Corporation and Alvarez & Marsal are acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04 ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (with adjustments thereto to reflect the Classes of Commitments and or Loans being assigned or outstanding at the time of the respective assignment) or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower. 
 ASU has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.04 . 
 Assuming Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e) . 
 Australian Dollars means the lawful currency of The Commonwealth of Australia. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Commitment Termination Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Currency, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.20(d) . 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 8 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Basel III means the agreements on capital requirements, leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in Basel III A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems , Basel III International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring and Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on December 16, 2010, each as amended, supplemented or restated. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any Loans denominated in (a) Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (b) Sterling, the Daily Simple RFR, and (c) each other Agreed Foreign Currency, the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for such Currency provided that, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the Daily Simple RFR or the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for such Currency, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement for such Currency to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2.20 . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event for any then-current Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date provided that, other than in the case of the replacement of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, such alternative shall be the alternative set forth in clause (2) below 
 (1) the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) 0.10 and 
 (2) the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Currency giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark for a Currency with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement (excluding for the avoidance of doubt, Daily Simple SOFR), the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Currency giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a 
 9 Revolving Credit Agreement 

spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body at such time or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Currency in the U.S. syndicated loan market at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, (x) with respect to any Benchmark (other than the Term SOFR Reference Rate), the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark and (y) with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, which date shall be no later than the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event , the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) above with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 10 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), including the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as applicable, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component thereof), in each case which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.20 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.20 . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means, for a legal entity customer (as such term is defined in the Beneficial Ownership Regulation), a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control to the extent required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America (or any successor thereof). 
 Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 11 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Borrowing means (a) all Syndicated ABR Loans of the same Class made, converted or continued on the same date, (b) all Term Benchmark Loans of the same Class denominated in the same Currency that have the same Interest Period, (c) all RFR Loans of the same Class or (d) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Base has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13 . 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto and appropriately completed. 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency means, at any date on which the same is determined, the amount, if any, that (a) the aggregate Covered Debt Amount as of such date exceeds (b) the Borrowing Base as of such date. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Syndicated Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03 , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto and signed by the Borrower. 
 Borrowing Value means, as of any date, the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Value of each Portfolio Investment in the Borrowing Base and (ii) the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment. With respect to any limitation set forth in Section 5.13 that is based on Borrowing Value, such Borrowing Value shall be determined after giving effect to the portfolio limitations and valuation criteria specified in Section 5.13 (other than any adjustment required pursuant to paragraphs (d) and (e) thereof). 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed provided that (a) when used in relation to a Term Benchmark Loan or a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Currency or in the calculation or computation of the Term Benchmark Rate for such Currency, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day that is not a Term Benchmark Banking Day for such Currency and (b) when used in relation to RFR Loans or any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in Sterling, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day that is not an RFR Business Day. 
 Calculation Amount means an amount equal to the greater of (a) an amount equal to (i) 125 of the Covered Debt Amount (as of the end of the applicable Testing Period) minus (ii) the sum of the Values of all Cash and Cash Equivalents and all Quoted Investments included in the Borrowing Base (as of the end of the applicable Testing Period) and (b) an amount equal to 10 of the aggregate Value of all Unquoted Investments included in the Borrowing Base (as of the end of such Testing Period) provided , however, in no event shall more than 25 (or, if clause (b) applies, 10 , or as near thereto as reasonably practicable) of the aggregate Value of the Unquoted Investments in the Borrowing Base be tested by an Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser in respect of any applicable Testing Period. 
 CAM Exchange means the exchange of the Lenders interests provided for in Article VII . 
 12 Revolving Credit Agreement 

CAM Exchange Date means the date on which any Event of Default referred to in clause (j) of Article VII shall occur or the date on which the Borrower receives written notice from the Administrative Agent that any Event of Default referred to in clause (i) of Article VII has occurred. 
 CAM Percentage means, as to each Lender, a fraction, expressed as a decimal, of which (a) the numerator shall be the aggregate Dollar Equivalent of the Designated Obligations owed to such Lender (whether or not at the time due and payable) immediately prior to the CAM Exchange Date and (b) the denominator shall be the aggregate Dollar Equivalent amount of the Designated Obligations owed to all the Lenders (whether or not at the time due and payable) immediately prior to the CAM Exchange Date. 
 Canadian Dollars means the lawful currency of Canada. 
 Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10 15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the average rate for thirty (30) day Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) at 10 15 a.m. Toronto time on such day, plus 1 per annum provided, that if any of the above rates shall be less than 0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0 for purposes of this Agreement. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDOR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDOR, respectively. 
 Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means, subject to Section 1.04(b) , the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases or Finance Leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Capital Stock of any Person means any and all shares of corporate stock (however designated) of, and any and all other Equity Interests and participations representing ownership interests (including membership interests and limited liability company interests) in such Person. 
 Cash means any immediately available funds in Dollars or in any currency other than Dollars (measured in terms of the Dollar Equivalent thereof) which is a freely convertible currency. 
 Cash Equivalents means investments (other than Cash) that are one or more of the following obligations 
 13 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(a) U.S. Government Securities, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moody s (or if only one of S&P or Moody s provides such rating, such investment shall also have an equivalent credit rating from any other rating agency) 
 (c) investments in certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof (i) issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof or under the laws of the jurisdiction or any constituent jurisdiction thereof in which the Principal Financial Center in respect of any Agreed Foreign Currency is located provided that such certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits are held in a securities account (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) through which the Collateral Agent can perfect a security interest therein and (ii) having, at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moody s (or if only one of S&P or Moody s provides such rating, such Approved Dealer shall also have an equivalent credit rating from any other rating agency) 
 (d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than thirty (30) days from the date of acquisition thereof for U.S. Government Securities and entered into with (i) a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) of this definition or (ii) an Approved Dealer having (or being a member of a consolidated group having) at such date of acquisition, a credit rating of at least A-1 from S&P and at least P-1 from Moody s (or if only one of S&P or Moody s provides such rating, such Approved Dealer shall also have an equivalent credit rating from any other rating agency) and 
 (e) investments in money market funds that invest primarily in investments of the type described in the immediately preceding clauses (a) through (d) above (including as to credit quality and maturity) 
 provided that (i) in no event shall Cash Equivalents include any obligation that provides for the payment of interest alone (for example, interest-only securities or IOs (ii) if any of Moody s or S&P changes its rating system, then any ratings included in this definition shall be deemed to be an equivalent rating in a successor rating category of Moody s or S&P, as the case may be (iii) Cash Equivalents (other than U.S. Government Securities, certificates of deposit, repurchase agreements) shall not include any such investment of more than 10 of total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in any single issuer and (iv) in no event shall Cash Equivalents include any obligation that is not denominated in Dollars or an Agreed Foreign Currency. 
 Central Bank Rate means the greater of (A) the sum of (i) for any Loan denominated in (x) Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (y) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank 
 14 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (z) any other Agreed Foreign Currency, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion plus (ii) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (B) 0 . 
 Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any date, for any Loan denominated in (A) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Daily Simple RFR for Sterling for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest SONIA applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, (B) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for Euros for the five most recent Term Benchmark Banking Days for Euro preceding such day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest EURIBOR Screen Rate applicable during such period of five Term Benchmark Banking Days for Euro) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Term Benchmark Banking Day for Euro in such period and (C) any other Agreed Foreign Currency, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For the purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (a)(ii) of the definition of such term and (y) each of the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for Euros on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate, on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Foreign Currency for a maturity of one month. 
 Change in Control means the Borrower shall cease to be managed by the External Manager or an Affiliate thereof. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to a Person becoming a Lender by assignment or joinder after the date of this Agreement, the effective date thereof), of (a) the adoption of any law, treaty or governmental rule or regulation or any change in any law, treaty or governmental rule or regulation or in the interpretation, administration or application thereof (regardless of whether the underlying law, treaty or governmental rule or regulation was issued or enacted prior to the Effective Date (or with respect to a Person becoming a Lender by assignment or joinder after the date of this Agreement, the effective date thereof)), but excluding proposals thereof, or any determination of a court or Governmental Authority, (b) any guideline, request or directive by any Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law) or any implementation rules or interpretations of previously issued guidelines, requests or directives, in each case that is issued or made after the Effective Date (or with respect to a Person becoming a Lender by assignment or joinder after the date of this Agreement, the effective date thereof) or (c) compliance by any Lender (or its applicable lending office) or any company Controlling such Lender with any guideline, request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, in each case adopted after the Effective Date (or with respect to a Person becoming a Lender by assignment or joinder after the date of this Agreement, the 
 15 Revolving Credit Agreement 

effective date thereof). All requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning liquidity and capital adequacy issued (i) by any United States regulatory authority under or in connection with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and (ii) by any Governmental Authority in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority), in each case pursuant to Basel III or Basel IV, as applicable, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing, are (i) Dollar Loans or Multicurrency Loans and (ii) Syndicated Loans or Swingline Loans when used in reference to any Lender, refers to whether such Lender is a Dollar Lender or a Multicurrency Lender and, when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Dollar Commitment or a Multicurrency Commitment. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Collateral has the meaning assigned to such term in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 
 Collateral Agent means SMBC in its capacity as Collateral Agent for the Secured Parties under the Guarantee and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents and includes any successor Collateral Agent thereunder. 
 Collateral Pool means, at any time, each Portfolio Investment that has been Delivered (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) to the Collateral Agent and is subject to the Lien of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, and then only for so long as such Portfolio Investment continues to be Delivered as contemplated therein and in which the Collateral Agent has a first-priority perfected Lien as security for the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) (subject to any Liens permitted by Section 6.02) provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Portfolio Investment in which the Collateral Agent has a first-priority perfected (other than customary rights of setoff, banker s lien, security interest or other like right upon deposit accounts and securities accounts in which such Portfolio Investments are held) security interest pursuant to a valid Uniform Commercial Code filing (and for which no other method of perfection with a higher priority is possible), such Portfolio Investment may be included in the Collateral Pool so long as all remaining actions to complete Delivery are satisfied within the longest period of (i) seven (7) days of such inclusion, (ii) as provided for herein or in the Guarantee and Security Agreement and (iii) such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion. 
 Combined Debt Amount means, as of any date, (i) the aggregate Commitments that have not expired or been terminated as of such date (or, if greater, the Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders as of such date) plus (ii) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Designated Indebtedness (as such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) and, 
 16 Revolving Credit Agreement 

without duplication, the aggregate amount of unused commitments under any Designated Indebtedness (as such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement). 
 Commitment Increase has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(i) . 
 Commitment Increase Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(i) . 
 Commitment Increase Supplement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e)(ii) 
 Commitment Termination Date means September 19, 2025. 
 Commitments means, collectively, the Dollar Commitments and the Multicurrency Commitments. 
 Concurrent Transactions means, with respect to any proposed action or transaction hereunder, (a) any acquisition or sale of Portfolio Investments or other property or assets, (b) any payment of outstanding Loan or payment of other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount, and (c) any Return of Capital or other distribution or receipt of cash from any Investment, (d) any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, and (e) any pro forma adjustments related to any of the actions or transactions described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (d), in each case, (x) that occurs substantially simultaneously with such proposed action or transaction and (y) is evidenced by a current Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by the Borrower (which may include any activities permitted to be included under clause (x) above). 
 Conforming Changes means with respect to the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Term Benchmark Rate , the definition of Alternate Base Rate , the definition of Business Day , the definition of Term Benchmark Banking Day , the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day , the definition of Daily Simple RFR , the definition of Interest Period , the definition of RFR , the definition of RFR Business Day , the definition of RFR Interest Day , the definition of RFR Reference Day , the definition of or any similar or analogous definition, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.15 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the 
 17 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio means the ratio, determined on a consolidated basis for Borrower and its Subsidiaries, without duplication, of (a) the value of total assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities to (b) the aggregate amount of senior securities representing indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including any Indebtedness outstanding under this Agreement), in each case as determined pursuant to the Investment Company Act and any orders of the SEC issued to or with respect to Borrower. 
 Consolidated Group has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13(a) . 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto provided , however , that Control shall not include negative control or blocking rights whereby action cannot be taken without the vote or consent of any Person. 
 Controlled Foreign Corporation means any Subsidiary which is (i) a controlled foreign corporation (within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code), (ii) a Subsidiary substantially all the assets of which consist (directly or indirectly through one or more flow-through entities) of Equity Interests and or indebtedness treated as Equity Interests for U.S. federal income tax purposes of one or more Subsidiaries described in clause (i) of this definition, or (iii) an entity treated as disregarded for United States federal income tax purposes and substantially all of the assets of which consist (directly or indirectly through one or more flow-through entities) of the Equity Interests and or indebtedness treated as Equity Interests for U.S. federal income tax purposes of one or more Subsidiaries described in clause (i) or (ii) of this definition. 
 Covered Debt Amount means, on any date, the sum of (x) all of the Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders on such date plus (y) the aggregate amount of Other Covered Indebtedness, Special Unsecured Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness on such date provided that the Special Unsecured Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness shall be excluded from the calculation of the Covered Debt Amount, in each case, until the date that is nine (9) months prior to the scheduled maturity date of such Special Unsecured Indebtedness or such Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, as applicable (provided that, to the extent, but only to the extent, any portion of such Special Unsecured Indebtedness or Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness is subject to a contractually scheduled amortization payment or other principal payment or mandatory redemption (other than in common stock of the Borrower) earlier than six (6) months after the Final Maturity Date (in the case of Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness) or earlier than the original final maturity date of such Indebtedness (in the case of Special Unsecured Indebtedness), such portion of such Indebtedness, to the extent then outstanding, shall be included in the calculation of the Covered Debt Amount beginning upon the date that is the later of (i) nine (9) months prior to such scheduled amortization payment or other principal payment or mandatory redemption and (ii) the date the Borrower becomes aware that such Indebtedness is required to be paid or redeemed). For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of calculating the Covered Debt Amount, any convertible securities that constitute Indebtedness that is required to be included in the Covered Debt Amount will be included at the then outstanding principal balance thereof. 
 Covered Entity has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17 . 
 18 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Covered Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17(a) . 
 Currency means Dollars or any Foreign Currency. 
 Currency Valuation Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(b) . 
 Custodian means (a) U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as custodian holding accounts of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, on behalf of the Borrower and or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, or any successor in such capacity pursuant to a Custodian Agreement or (b) any other financial institution mutually agreeable to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower, as custodian holding accounts of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor on behalf of the Borrower and or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, or any successor in such capacity pursuant to a Custodian Agreement. The term Custodian includes any agent or sub-custodian acting on behalf of the Custodian. 
 Custodian Agreement means each of (a) that certain Custody Agreement dated as of September 21, 2023 by and between the Borrower and the Custodian and (b) any other custodian agreement by and among the applicable Obligor, the Custodian and any other parties from time to time party thereto in form and substance substantially similar to the Custodian Agreement described in clause (a) or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. 
 Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) SONIA for the day (the RFR Reference Day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (ii) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, in each case plus the applicable RFR Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread and (b) 0.00 . If by 5 00 p.m., London time, on the second RFR Business Day immediately following any RFR Reference Day, SONIA in respect of such RFR Reference Day has not been published on the SONIA Administrator s Website and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Daily Simple RFR has not occurred, then SONIA for such RFR Reference Day will be SONIA as published in respect of the first preceding RFR Business Day for which SONIA was published on the SONIA Administrator s Website provided that SONIA as determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculating the Daily Simple RFR for no more than three consecutive RFR Interest Days. Any change in Daily Simple RFR due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SONIA without notice to the Borrower. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans provided that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 19 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.19(b) , any Lender that as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s reasonable determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in detail in such writing) has not been satisfied or has not otherwise been waived in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Swingline Loans) within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Swingline Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s reasonable determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in detail in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied) , (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) the Administrative Agent has received notification that such Lender has become, or has a direct or indirect parent company that is, (i) insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (ii) other than via an Undisclosed Administration, the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor or sequestrator or the like has been appointed for such Lender or its direct or indirect parent company, or such Lender or its direct or indirect parent company has taken any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or (iii) the subject of a Bail-In Action provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.19(b) upon such determination (and the Administrative Agent shall deliver written notice of such determination to the Borrower, Swingline Lender and each Lender). 
 Designated Obligations means all obligations of the Borrower with respect to (a) principal of and interest on the Loans and (b) accrued and unpaid fees under the Loan Documents. 
 20 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Document Custodian means (a) U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian holding Portfolio Investment documentation for the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, on behalf of the Borrower and or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, or any successor in such capacity pursuant to a Document Custodian Agreement or (b) any other financial institution mutually agreeable to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower, as custodian holding Portfolio Investment documentation for the Borrower and or any Subsidiary Guarantor, on behalf of the Borrower or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, or any successor in such capacity pursuant to a Document Custodian Agreement. The term Document Custodian includes any agent or sub-custodian acting on behalf of the Document Custodian. 
 Document Custodian Agreement means that certain Document Custody Agreement dated as of September 21, 2023 by and between the Borrower and the Document Custodian and (b) any other custodian agreement by and among the applicable Obligor, the Document Custodian and any other parties from time to time party thereto in form and substance substantially similar to the Document Custodian Agreement described in clause (a) or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent. 
 Dollar Commitment means, with respect to each Dollar Lender, the commitment of such Dollar Lender to make Syndicated Loans, and to acquire participations in Swingline Loans, denominated in Dollars hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 . The initial amount of each Lender s Dollar Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.01(b) , or in the Commitment Increase Supplement or Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Dollar Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Dollar Commitments as of the Effective Date is 0. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, on any date of determination, with respect to an amount denominated in any Foreign Currency, the amount of Dollars that would be required to purchase such amount of such Foreign Currency on the date two (2) Business Days prior to such date, based upon the spot selling rate at which the Administrative Agent offers to sell such Foreign Currency for Dollars in the Principal Financial Center for such Foreign Currency at approximately 11 00 a.m., Applicable Time, for delivery two (2) Business Days later provided that the Administrative Agent may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency. 
 Dollar Lender means the Persons listed on Schedule 1.01(b) as having Dollar Commitments and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an 
 21 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Assignment and Assumption that provides for it to assume a Dollar Commitment or to acquire Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 Dollar Loan means a Loan denominated in Dollars. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 EBITDA means the consolidated net income of the applicable Person (excluding extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring gains and extraordinary losses (to the extent excluded in the definition of EBITDA (or similar defined term used for the purposes contemplated herein) in the relevant agreement relating to the applicable Portfolio Investment)) for the relevant period plus, without duplication, the following to the extent deducted in calculating such consolidated net income in the relevant agreement relating to the applicable Portfolio Investment for such period (i) consolidated interest charges for such period, (ii) the provision for federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable for such period, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense for such period, and (iv) such other adjustments included in the definition of EBITDA (or similar defined term used for the purposes contemplated herein) in the relevant agreement relating to the applicable Portfolio Investment, provided that such adjustments are usual and customary and substantially comparable to market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers at the time such relevant agreements are entered into as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, EBITDA may be calculated by the Borrower in good faith using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant financial models, pro forma financial statements, compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant issuer as per the requirements of the relevant agreement governing a Portfolio Investment. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02 ), which date is September 21, 2023. 
 Entitled Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.11 . 
 22 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests or equivalents (however designated, including any instrument treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest. 
 ERISA means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, each as amended or modified from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code, or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived) (b) any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan, other than for the payment of plan contributions or PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan or (f) the imposition of Withdrawal Liability on the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or the receipt of any notice by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of the insolvency, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, of any Multiemployer Plan to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is obligated to contribute. 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09(a) . 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09(d) . 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09(d) . 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09(d) . 
 Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09(d) . 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 23 Revolving Credit Agreement 

EURIBOR Screen Rate has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term Benchmark Rate . 
 Euro means a single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII . 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) such recipient s net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits, in each case, (i) imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located or (ii) Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender (i) at the time such Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.18(b) becomes a party to this Agreement (or otherwise acquires an interest in a Loan or Commitment) or designates a new lending office, except in each case to the extent that such Lender s assignor or such Lender was entitled to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.16 , at the time of such assignment or designation (other than to the extent such withholding is as a result of a CAM Exchange), or (ii) that is attributable to such Lender s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law occurring after the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement) to comply with Section 2.16(f) , (c) any U.S. federal backup withholding Taxes imposed on payments made under any Loan Document, and (d) any withholding Taxes that are imposed under FATCA. 
 External Manager means Prospect Capital Management L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or any of its Affiliates that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction located in the United States of America and in the business of managing or advising clients. 
 Extraordinary Receipts means any cash received by or paid to any Obligor on account of any foreign, United States, state or local tax refunds, pension plan reversions, judgments, proceeds of settlements or other consideration of any kind in connection with any cause of action, condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof), indemnity payments received not in the ordinary course of business and any purchase price adjustment received not in the ordinary course of business in connection with any purchase agreement and proceeds of insurance (excluding, however, proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests and issuances of Indebtedness by any Obligor) provided that Extraordinary Receipts shall not include any (x) amounts that the Borrower receives from the Administrative Agent or any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16(h) , or (y) cash receipts to the extent received from proceeds of insurance, condemnation awards (or payments in lieu thereof), indemnity payments or payments in respect of judgments or settlements of claims, litigation or proceedings to the extent that such proceeds, awards or payments are received by any Person in respect of any unaffiliated third-party claim against or loss by such Person and promptly applied to pay (or to reimburse such Person for its prior payment of) such claim or loss and the costs and expenses of such Person with respect thereto. 
 FASB has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.04 . 
 24 Revolving Credit Agreement 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations promulgated thereunder and official interpretations thereof and any foreign legislation implemented to give effect to any intergovernmental agreements entered into thereunder and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
 FCA means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 Fee Letter means that certain Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of September 21, 2023, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Final Maturity Date means September 21, 2026. 
 Finance Lease means any transaction representing the obligation of a lessee to pay rent or other amounts under a lease which is required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such lessee under GAAP. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower. 
 Financing Subsidiary means an SPE Subsidiary or an SBIC Subsidiary. 
 Floor means zero percent (0.00 per annum. 
 Foreign Currency means at any time any currency other than Dollars. 
 Foreign Currency Equivalent means, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the amount of any Foreign Currency that could be purchased with such amount of Dollars using the reciprocal of the foreign exchange rate(s) specified in the definition of Dollar Equivalent , as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a United States Person. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Controlled Foreign Corporation. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 25 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, or of any other nation, or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government, including any supra-national body exercising such powers or functions (such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Granting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e) . 
 Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation and Guaranteed has a meaning correlative thereto provided that the term Guarantee shall not include (i) endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or (ii) customary indemnification agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, provided that such indemnification obligations are unsecured, such Person has determined that any liability thereunder is remote and such indemnification obligations are not the functional equivalent of the guaranty of a payment obligation of the primary obligor. The amount of any Guarantee at any time shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the maximum stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is incurred, unless the terms of such Guarantee expressly provides that the maximum amount for which such Person may be liable thereunder is a lesser amount (in which case the amount of such Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to such lesser amount). 
 Guarantee and Security Agreement means that certain Guarantee and Security Agreement dated as of the Effective Date among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each Subsidiary of the Borrower from time to time party thereto, each holder (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee therefor) from time to time of any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness, and the Collateral Agent. 
 Guarantee Assumption Agreement means a Guarantee Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B to the Guarantee and Security Agreement between the Collateral Agent and an entity that pursuant to Section 5.08(a) is required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Guarantee and Security Agreement (with such changes as the Administrative Agent shall request consistent with the requirements of Section 5.08 ). 
 26 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Hedging Agreement means any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange protection agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement. 
 Immaterial Subsidiaries means those Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are designated as Immaterial Subsidiaries by the Borrower from time to time (it being understood that the Borrower may at any time change any such designation) provided that such designated Immaterial Subsidiaries shall collectively meet each of the following criteria as of the date of the most recent statement of assets and liabilities required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 (a) the aggregate assets of such Subsidiaries and their respective Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) as of such date do not exceed an amount equal to 3 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date and (b) the aggregate revenues of such Subsidiaries and their respective Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) for the fiscal quarter ending on such date do not exceed an amount equal to 3 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.08(e) . 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding accounts payable and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (with the amount of such Indebtedness being the lower of the outstanding amount of such Indebtedness and the fair market value of the property subject to such Lien), (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include (x) escrows or purchase price holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset or Investment to satisfy unperformed obligations of the seller of such asset or Investment, (y) a commitment arising in the ordinary course of business to make a future Portfolio Investment or (z) uncalled capital or other commitments of an Obligor in any joint venture, as well as any letter or agreement requiring any Obligor to provide capital to a joint venture or a lender to a joint venture. 
 Indemnified Taxes means Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement. 
 27 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b) . 
 Independent when used with respect to any specified Person means that such Person (a) does not have any direct financial interest or any material indirect financial interest in the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including its investment advisor or any Affiliate thereof) and (b) is not connected with the Borrower or of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including its investment advisor or any Affiliate thereof) as an officer, employee, promoter, underwriter, trustee, partner, director or Person performing similar functions. 
 Industry Classification Group means (a) any of the classification groups set forth on Schedule 1.01(c) hereto, together with any such classification groups that may be subsequently established by Moody s and provided by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, and (b) up to three additional industry group classifications established by the Borrower pursuant to Section 5.12(a) . 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.07 , which, if in writing, shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower. 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any Syndicated ABR Loan, each Quarterly Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, each Monthly Date, and (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period therefor and, in the case of any Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at three-month intervals after the first day of such Interest Period and (c) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid. 
 Interest Period means, for any Term Benchmark Loan or Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Loan or Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one month, three months or, except with respect to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, six months thereafter or, with respect to such portion of any Term Benchmark Loan or Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency that is scheduled to be repaid on the Final Maturity Date, a period of less than one month s duration commencing on the date of such Loan or Borrowing and ending on the Final Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period (other than an Interest Period pertaining to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency that ends on the Final Maturity Date that is permitted to be of less than one month s duration as provided in this definition) that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.20(d) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or notice of conversion or continuation unless or until it is reinserted pursuant to Section 2.20(d) . For purposes hereof, the date of a Loan initially shall be the date on which such Loan is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Loan, and the date of a 
 28 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Syndicated Borrowing comprising Loans that have been converted or continued shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Loans. 
 Investment means, for any Person (a) Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person or any agreement to acquire any Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of any other Person (and any rights or proceeds in respect of (x) any short sale of securities or (y) any sale of any securities at a time when such securities are not owned by such Person) (b) deposits, advances, loans or other extensions of credit made to any other Person (including purchases of property from another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such property to such Person) or (c) Hedging Agreements. 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. 
 Investment Policies means the investment objectives, policies, restrictions and limitations set forth in its Registration Statement, and as the same may be changed, altered, expanded, amended, modified, terminated or restated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 IVP Supplemental Cap has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(G) . 
 Lead Arranger means SMBC. 
 Lenders means, collectively, the Dollar Lenders and the Multicurrency Lenders. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes each Swingline Lender. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities, except in favor of the issuer thereof (and in the case of Investments that are securities, excluding customary drag-along, tag-along, right of first refusal and other similar rights in favor of the equity holders of the same issuer). 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement and the Security Documents. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Losses has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b) . 
 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X. 
 29 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Material Adverse Change means an event, development or circumstance that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, Investments and other assets, liabilities or financial condition of the Borrower or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Financing Subsidiaries) taken as a whole (excluding in any case a decline in the net asset value of the Borrower or a change in general market conditions or values of Investments, including the Portfolio Investments), or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders thereunder. 
 Material Indebtedness means (a) Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Hedging Agreements), of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 5,000,000 and (b) obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements under which the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would be required to pay if such Hedging Agreement(s) were terminated at such time would exceed 5,000,000. 
 Monthly Dates means the last Business Day of each calendar month in each year, commencing on September 29, 2023. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor thereto. 
 Multicurrency Commitment means, with respect to each Multicurrency Lender, the commitment of such Multicurrency Lender to make Syndicated Loans, and to acquire participations in Swingline Loans, denominated in Dollars and in Agreed Foreign Currencies hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 . The initial amount of each Lender s Multicurrency Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.01(b) , or in the Commitment Increase Supplement or Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Multicurrency Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Multicurrency Commitments as of the Effective Date is 20,000,000. 
 Multicurrency Lender means the Persons listed on Schedule 1.01(b) as having Multicurrency Commitments and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption that provides for it to assume a Multicurrency Commitment or to acquire Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 Multicurrency Loan means a Loan denominated in Dollars or an Agreed Foreign Currency under the Multicurrency Commitments. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 30 Revolving Credit Agreement 

National Currency means the currency, other than the Euro, of a Participating Member State. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means 
 (a) with respect to any Disposition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Financing Subsidiaries), or any Extraordinary Receipt received or paid to the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Financing Subsidiaries) (in each case, which requires a payment of the Loans under Section 2.10(d) ), an amount equal to (a) the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) minus (b) the sum of (i) the principal amount of any Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset and that is required to be repaid in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents), (ii) the reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection with such transaction, (iii) the taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be actually payable within one year of the date of the relevant transaction in connection with such transaction provided that, if the amount of any estimated taxes pursuant to this clause (iii) exceeds the amount of taxes actually required to be paid in cash in respect of such Disposition, the aggregate amount of such excess shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds (as of the date the Borrower determines such excess exists) and (iv) any reasonable costs, fees, commissions, premiums and expenses incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Disposition and 
 (b) with respect to the sale or issuance of any Equity Interest by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Financing Subsidiary) (including cash received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any Financing Subsidiaries) for the sale by the Borrower or such Subsidiary of any Equity Interest of a Financing Subsidiary but specifically excluding any sale of any Equity Interest by a Financing Subsidiary or cash received by a Financing Subsidiary in connection with the sale of any Equity Interest), or the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Financing Subsidiaries) (in each case, which requires a payment of the Loans under Section 2.10(d) ), an amount equal to (i) the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such transaction minus (ii) the sum of (1) reasonable out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses, incurred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection therewith plus (2) any reasonable costs, fees, commissions, premiums, expenses, or underwriting discounts or commissions incurred by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with such sale or issuance. 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d) . 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Public Information means material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws) with respect to Borrower or its Affiliates or their Securities. 
 31 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Obligor means, collectively, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors. 
 Original Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(a) . 
 Other Connection Taxes means with respect to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction by reason of the recipient having any present or former connection with such jurisdiction (other than a connection arising solely from executing, delivering, entering into, becoming a party to, performing its obligations under, receiving any payment under, receiving or perfecting a security interest under, engaging in any other transaction pursuant to or enforcing its rights under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or selling or assigning an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Covered Indebtedness means, collectively, Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness and Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness provided that Other Covered Indebtedness shall not include any Other Permitted Indebtedness. 
 Other Permitted Indebtedness means (a) accrued expenses and current trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of any Obligor s business which are not overdue for a period of more than ninety (90) days or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) arising in connection with transactions in the ordinary course of any Obligor s business in connection with its securities transactions, derivatives transactions, reverse repurchase agreements or dollar rolls to the extent such transactions are permitted under the Investment Company Act and the Borrower s Investment Policies (after giving effect to any Permitted Policy Amendments), provided that such Indebtedness does not arise in connection with the purchase of Investments other than Cash, Cash Equivalents and U.S. Government Securities and (c) Indebtedness in respect of judgments or awards that have been in force for less than the applicable period for taking an appeal so long as such judgments or awards do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (l) of Article VII . 
 Other Permitted Liens means (a) Liens imposed by any Governmental Authority for Taxes, assessments or charges not yet due or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or the applicable Obligor in accordance with GAAP (b) Liens of clearing agencies, broker-dealers and similar Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business provided that such Liens (i) attach only to the securities (or proceeds) being purchased or sold and (ii) secure only obligations incurred in connection with such purchase or sale, and not any obligation in connection with margin financing (c) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmen s, mechanics , carriers , workmens , storage and repairmen s Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) not yet due or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP (d) Liens incurred or pledges or deposits made to secure obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business under workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance or other similar social security legislation (other than Liens imposed by the PBGC in respect of employee benefit plans subject to Title IV of ERISA) or to secure public or statutory obligations (e) Liens securing the performance of, or payment in respect of, bids, insurance premiums, deductibles or co-insured amounts, tenders, government or utility contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed money), surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds and 
 32 Revolving Credit Agreement 

other obligations of a similar nature incurred in the ordinary course of business (f) Liens arising out of judgments or awards that have been in force for less than the applicable period for taking an appeal, so long as such judgments or awards do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (l) of Article VII (g) customary rights of setoff and liens upon (i) deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions in which such cash is maintained in the ordinary course of business, (ii) cash and financial assets held in securities accounts in favor of banks and other financial institutions with which such accounts are maintained in the ordinary course of business and (iii) assets held by a custodian in favor of such custodian in the ordinary course of business securing payment of fees, indemnities and other similar obligations (h) Liens arising solely from precautionary filings of financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code of the applicable jurisdictions in respect of leases entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or with respect to assets sold or otherwise transferred in a transaction not prohibited by this Agreement (i) deposits of money securing leases to which the Borrower is a party as lessee made in the ordinary course of business (j) easements, rights of way, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not (i) secure obligations for the payment of money or (ii) materially impair the value of such property or its use by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in the normal conduct of such Person s business and (k) Liens in favor of any escrow agent solely on and in respect of any cash earnest money deposits made by any Obligor in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement (to the extent that the acquisition or disposition with respect thereto is otherwise permitted hereunder). 
 Other Taxes means any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes or intangible, recording, filing or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, registration or enforcement of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, excluding any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes resulting from an assignment by any Lender in accordance with Section 9.04 hereof (unless such assignment is made pursuant to Section 2.18(b) ). 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(f) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(f) . 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Community that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the legislation of the European Union relating to the European Monetary Union. 
 PATRIOT Act shall mean United States Public Law 107-56, Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT Act) Act of 2001, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect. 
 Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.09(a) . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 33 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Permitted Convertible Indebtedness means Indebtedness incurred by an Obligor that is convertible solely into Permitted Equity Interests of the Borrower. 
 Permitted Equity Interests means common stock of the Borrower that after its issuance is not subject to any agreement between the holder of such common stock and the Borrower where the Borrower is required to purchase, redeem, retire, acquire, cancel or terminate any such common stock (other than periodic tender offers or Tender Offers issued to all holders of common stock at the option of the Borrower that may require the Borrower to purchase common stock of the Borrower after such tender offer is commenced). 
 Permitted Liens means Other Permitted Liens and any other Liens permitted pursuant to Section 6.02 . 
 Permitted Policy Amendment means any change, alteration, expansion, amendment, modification, termination or restatement of the Investment Policies that is one of the following (a) approved in writing by the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders (such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (b) required by applicable law, rule, regulation or Governmental Authority, or (c) not materially adverse to the rights, remedies or interests of the Lenders in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent (for the avoidance of doubt, no change, alteration, expansion, amendment, modification, termination or restatement of the Investment Policies shall be deemed materially adverse if investment size proportionately increases as the size of the Borrower s capital base changes). 
 Permitted SBIC Guarantee means a guarantee by the Borrower of Indebtedness of an SBIC Subsidiary on the SBA s then applicable form provided that the recourse to the Borrower thereunder is expressly limited only to periods after the occurrence of an event or condition that is an impermissible change in the control of such SBIC Subsidiary (it being understood that, as provided in clause (r) of Article VII , it shall be an Event of Default hereunder if any such event or condition giving rise to such recourse occurs). 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority, vessel or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Platform has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01(b) . 
 Portfolio Investment means any Investment held by any of the Obligors in its asset portfolio (and solely for purposes of determining the Borrowing Base, Cash and Cash Equivalents). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following Investments shall not be considered Portfolio Investments under this Agreement or any other Loan Document for purposes of determining the Borrowing Base (a) any Investment that has not been made in 
 34 Revolving Credit Agreement 

compliance in all material respects with the Investment Policy as in effect as of the date of its purchase or origination by an Obligor (b) any Investment by an Obligor in any Subsidiary, Affiliate or joint venture of such Obligor (c) any Investment that provides in favor of the underlying obligor in respect of such Portfolio Investment an express right of rescission, set-off, counterclaim or any other defenses (d) any Investment, which if debt, is an obligation (other than the unused portion of a revolving loan or delayed draw term loan) pursuant to which any future advances or payments to the underlying obligor of such debt may be required to be made by any Obligor (e) any Investment which, as of the date of its purchase or origination by an Obligor, was made to a bankrupt entity (other than a debtor-in-possession financing) (f) any Investment, Cash, Cash Equivalent or account in which a Financing Subsidiary has an interest (other than a separate investment in the same investment tranche) and (g) any Investment that is not owned by an Obligor free and clear of any Liens (except Permitted Liens). 
 Prime Rate means the rate which is quoted as the prime rate in the print edition of The Wall Street Journal , Money Rates Section. 
 Principal Financial Center means, in the case of any Foreign Currency, the principal financial center where such Currency is cleared and settled, as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Lender means Lenders that do not wish to receive Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or their Securities. 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. 
 Quarterly Dates means the last Business Day of March, June, September and December in each year, commencing on September 29, 2023. 
 Quoted Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(A) . 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(c) . 
 Registration Statement means the Registration Statement filed by the Borrower with the SEC on September 13, 2023. 
 Regulations D, T, U and X means, respectively, Regulation D, Regulation T, Regulation U and Regulation X of the Board, as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective partners, directors, officers, managers, employees, agents, advisers and other representatives of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 35 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio means, as of any date, the Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Quarterly Date and disclosed in the most recent report of the Borrower to the SEC on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, Dollars, the Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto, (b) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (c) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto and (d) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to, any Currency other than Dollars, Sterling or Euros, (1) the central bank for the Currency in which such obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts are denominated, or calculated with respect to, or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (2) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the Currency in which such obligations, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts are denominated, or calculated with respect to, (B) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (i) such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof . 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time. The Required Lenders of a Class (which shall include the terms Required Dollar Lenders and Required Multicurrency Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments of such Class representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments of such Class at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of Required Lenders or Required Lenders of a Class. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of an Obligor. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any shares of any class of capital stock of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, 
 36 Revolving Credit Agreement 

retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such shares of capital stock of the Borrower provided, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the conversion nor the settlement of convertible debt into capital stock nor the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of convertible debt made solely with capital stock (other than interest or expenses or fractional shares, which may be payable in cash) shall be a Restricted Payment hereunder. 
 Return of Capital means (a) any net cash amount received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Financing Subsidiary) in respect of the outstanding principal of any Investment (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), (b) without duplication of amounts received under clause (a) , any net cash proceeds received by any Obligor from the sale of any property or assets pledged as collateral in respect of any Investment to the extent such net cash proceeds are less than or equal to the outstanding principal balance of such Investment, (c) any net cash amount received by any Obligor in respect of any Investment that is an Equity Interest (x) upon the liquidation or dissolution of the issuer of such Investment, (y) as a distribution of capital made on or in respect of such Investment, or (z) pursuant to the recapitalization or reclassification of the capital of the issuer of such Investment or pursuant to the reorganization of such issuer or (d) any similar return of capital received by any Obligor in cash in respect of any Investment (in the case of clauses (a) , (b) , (c) and (d) of this definition, net of any fees, costs, expenses and taxes paid or payable with respect thereto). 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure and Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Syndicated Loans and Swingline Exposure, at such time made or incurred under the Dollar Commitments. 
 Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Syndicated Loans and Swingline Exposure, at such time made or incurred under the Multicurrency Commitments. 
 Revolving Percentage means, as of any date of determination, the result, expressed as a percentage, of the Revolving Credit Exposure on such date divided by the aggregate outstanding Covered Debt Amount on such date. 
 RFR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan is, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing are, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to Daily Simple RFR. 
 RFR Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread means 0.0326 . 
 RFR Business Day means, for any Loans, Borrowings, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London. 
 37 Revolving Credit Agreement 

RFR Interest Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 RFR Reference Day has the meaning set forth in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . 
 RIC means a person qualifying for treatment as a regulated investment company under the Code. 
 S&P means S&P Global Ratings or any successor thereto. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, territory or region that is the subject or the target of country-wide or territory-wide Sanctions broadly prohibiting dealings with such country, territory or region (as of the Effective Date, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic and non-government-controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson Regions of Ukraine). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any European Union member state or subject to or the subject or target of Sanctions, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clause (a) or (b). For purposes of this definition, Person shall include a vessel. 
 Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by the United States of America (including the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the U.S. Department of State), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any member state thereof, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority having jurisdiction over the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or any Lender. 
 SBA means the United States Small Business Administration or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions thereof. 
 SBIC Equity Commitment means a commitment by the Borrower to make one or more capital contributions to an SBIC Subsidiary. 
 SBIC Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary (including such Subsidiary s general partner or managing entity to the extent that the only material asset of such general partner or managing entity is its equity interest in the SBIC Subsidiary) of the Borrower licensed as a small business investment company under the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, as amended (or that has applied for such a license and is actively pursuing the granting thereof by appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently conducted), and which is designated by the Borrower (as provided below) as an SBIC Subsidiary, so long as (a) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of such Subsidiary (i) is Guaranteed by any Obligor (other than a Permitted SBIC Guarantee), (ii) is recourse to or obligates any Obligor in any way (other than in respect of any SBIC Equity Commitment or 
 38 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Permitted SBIC Guarantee), or (iii) subjects any property of any Obligor, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than Equity Interests in any SBIC Subsidiary pledged to secure such Indebtedness, and (b) no Obligor has any obligation to maintain or preserve such Subsidiary s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. Any such designation by the Borrower shall be effected pursuant to a certificate of a Financial Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent, which certificate shall include a statement to the effect that, to the best of such officer s knowledge, such designation complied with the foregoing conditions. 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto. 
 Second Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.11 . 
 Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder) of any Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by one (1) or more other Obligors) that (a) has no scheduled amortization prior to, and a final maturity date not earlier than, six months after the Final Maturity Date (it being understood that none of (w) the conversion features under convertible notes into Permitted Equity Interests (x) the triggering and or settlement thereof or (y) any cash payment made in respect thereof, shall constitute amortization or a final maturity date for purposes of this clause (a) ), (b) is incurred pursuant to documentation containing (i) financial covenants, covenants governing the borrowing base, if any, portfolio valuations and events of default (other than events of default customary in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in this Agreement or credit agreements generally) that are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries than those set forth in this Agreement (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) and (ii) other terms (other than pricing terms) that are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, upon the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, while any Loans or Commitments are outstanding, than those set forth in this Agreement (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) (it being understood that put rights or repurchase or redemption obligations (x) in the case of convertible securities, in connection with the suspension or delisting of the Capital Stock of the Borrower or the failure of the Borrower to satisfy a continued listing rule with respect to its Capital Stock or (y) arising out of circumstances that would constitute a fundamental change (as such term is customarily defined in convertible note offerings) or an Event of Default under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this definition) provided that, upon the Borrower s written request in connection with the incurrence of any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet the requirements of this clause (b) , the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) shall promptly enter into a written amendment to this Agreement making changes necessary such that the financial covenants, covenants governing the borrowing base, if any, portfolio valuations, events of default (other than events of default customary in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in this Agreement or credit agreements generally) or other terms, as applicable, in this Agreement shall not be materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, as such covenants in the Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), and (c) is not secured by any assets of any Obligor other than pursuant to this Agreement or the Security Documents and the holders of which (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee of such holders) have either executed (i) a joinder agreement to the 
 39 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Guarantee and Security Agreement or (ii) such other document or agreement, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, pursuant to which the holders (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee of such holders) of such Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness shall have become a party to the Guarantee and Security Agreement and assumed the obligations of a Financing Agent or Designated Indebtedness Holder (in each case, as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement). 
 Secured Parties has the meaning assigned to such term in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 
 Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness means (a) any Indebtedness of any Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by one (1) or more other Obligors) that is not secured by any assets of any Obligor other than pursuant to this Agreement or the Security Documents and the holders of which (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee of such holders) have either executed (i) a joinder agreement to the Guarantee and Security Agreement or (ii) such other document or agreement, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, pursuant to which the holders (or an authorized agent, representative or trustee of such holders) of such Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness shall have become a party to the Guarantee and Security Agreement and assumed the obligations of a Financing Agent or Designated Indebtedness Holder (in each case, as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) and (b) any Indebtedness that is designated as Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.11(a) . 
 Security Documents means, collectively, the Guarantee and Security Agreement, all Uniform Commercial Code financing statements filed with respect to the security interests in personal property created pursuant to the Guarantee and Security Agreement and all other assignments, pledge agreements, security agreements, control agreements and other instruments executed and delivered on or after the Effective Date by any of the Obligors pursuant to the Guarantee and Security Agreement or otherwise providing or relating to any collateral security for any of the Secured Obligations under and as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 
 Shareholders Equity means, at any date, the amount determined on a consolidated basis, without duplication, in accordance with GAAP, of shareholders equity for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such date. 
 SMBC means Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SONIA means a rate equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average as administered by the SONIA Administrator. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 40 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 SPC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e ). 
 SPE Subsidiary means 
 (a) a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower to which any Obligor sells, conveys or otherwise transfers (whether directly or indirectly) Investments, Cash or Cash Equivalents, which engages in no material activities other than in connection with the purchase, holding, disposition or financing of such assets and which is designated by the Borrower (as provided below) as an SPE Subsidiary, so long as 
 (i) no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is Guaranteed by any Obligor (other than Guarantees in respect of Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates any Obligor in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or (iii) subjects any property of any Obligor, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or any Guarantee thereof, 
 (ii) no Obligor has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding with such Subsidiary other than on terms, taken as a whole, not materially less favorable to such Obligor than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of any Obligor (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), other than fees payable in the ordinary course of business in connection with servicing receivables or financial assets, and 
 (iii) to which no Obligor has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results and 
 (b) any passive holding company that is designated by the Borrower (as provided below) as a SPE Subsidiary, so long as 
 (i) such passive holding company is the direct parent of a SPE Subsidiary referred to in clause (a) 
 (ii) such passive holding company engages in no activities and has no assets or liabilities (other than in connection with the transfer of assets to and from a SPE Subsidiary referred to in clause (a) , and its ownership of all of the Equity Interests of a SPE Subsidiary referred to in clause (a) , and activities incidental to the foregoing described in this clause (ii) 
 (iii) except with respect to any activities permitted under clause (b)(ii) above, no Obligor has any contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding with such passive holding company and 
 41 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(iv) no Obligor has any obligation to maintain or preserve such passive holding company s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. 
 Any such designation of a SPE Subsidiary by the Borrower shall be effected pursuant to a certificate of a Financial Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent, which certificate shall include a statement to the effect that, to the best of such officer s knowledge, such designation complies with the conditions set forth in clause (a) or (b) of this definition, as applicable. Each Subsidiary of an SPE Subsidiary shall be deemed to be an SPE Subsidiary and shall comply with the foregoing requirements of clause (a) or (b) of this definition, as applicable. 
 As of the Effective Date, the Borrower has no SPE Subsidiaries. 
 Special Equity Interest means any Equity Interest that is subject to a Lien in favor of creditors of the issuer of such Equity Interest provided that (a) such Lien was created to secure Indebtedness owing by such issuer to such creditors, (b) such Indebtedness was (i) in existence at the time the Obligors acquired such Equity Interest, (ii) incurred or assumed by such issuer substantially contemporaneously with such acquisition or (iii) already subject to a Lien granted to such creditors and (c) unless such Equity Interest is not intended to be included in the Collateral, the documentation creating or governing such Lien does not prohibit the inclusion of such Equity Interest in the Collateral. 
 Special Unsecured Indebtedness means Indebtedness of an Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by one (1) or more other Obligors) issued after the Effective Date that (a) has no scheduled amortization prior to, and a final maturity date not earlier than, the Final Maturity Date (it being understood that (A) none of (w) the conversion features under convertible notes into Permitted Equity Interests (x) the triggering and or settlement thereof or (y) any cash payment made in respect thereof, shall constitute amortization or a final maturity for purposes of this clause (a) and (B) any mandatory amortization that is contingent upon the happening of an event that is not certain to occur (including a change of control or bankruptcy) shall not in and of itself be deemed to disqualify such Indebtedness under this clause (a) ), (b) is incurred pursuant to terms that are substantially comparable to market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower or, if such transaction is not one in which there are market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers, on terms that are negotiated in good faith on an arm s-length basis (except, in each case, other than financial covenants and events of default (other than events of default customary in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in this Agreement or credit agreements generally), which shall be not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, while any Loans or the Commitments are outstanding, than those set forth in the Loan Documents (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) provided that, upon the Borrower s written request in connection with the incurrence of any Special Unsecured Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet the requirements set forth in this parenthetical of this clause (b) , the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) shall promptly enter into a written amendment to this Agreement making changes necessary such that the financial covenants and events of default, as applicable, in this Agreement shall be as restrictive as such provisions in the Special Unsecured Indebtedness (it being understood that put rights or repurchase or redemption obligations (x) in the case of convertible securities, in connection with the suspension or delisting of the capital stock of the 
 42 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Borrower or the failure of the Borrower to satisfy a continued listing rule with respect to its capital stock or (y) arising out of circumstances that would constitute a fundamental change (as such term is customarily defined in convertible note offerings) or be Events of Default under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this definition)) (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) and (c) is not secured by any assets of any Obligor. For the avoidance of doubt the conversion of all or any portion of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness constituting Special Unsecured Indebtedness into Permitted Equity Interests in accordance with Section 6.12(a) , shall not cause such Indebtedness to be designated as Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness hereunder. 
 Specified Currency has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.11 . 
 Specified Place has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.11 . 
 Standard Securitization Undertakings means, collectively, (a) customary arm s-length servicing obligations (together with any related performance guarantees), (b) obligations (together with any related performance guarantees) to refund the purchase price or grant purchase price credits for dilutive events or misrepresentations (in each case unrelated to the collectability of the assets sold or the creditworthiness of the associated account debtors) and (c) representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities (together with any related performance guarantees) of a type that are reasonably customary in transactions involving bankruptcy remote special purpose entities, including accounts receivable securitizations or collateralized loan obligations in all cases as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means, for any applicable Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing in Euros, a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the arithmetic mean, taken over each day in such Interest Period, of the aggregate of the applicable maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D). Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Euros shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Sterling means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the 
 43 Revolving Credit Agreement 

parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the term Subsidiary shall not include any Person that constitutes an Investment held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and that is not, under GAAP, consolidated on the financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means any Subsidiary that is a Guarantor under the Guarantee and Security Agreement. It is understood and agreed that no Financing Subsidiary, Immaterial Subsidiary, Foreign Subsidiary or a Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (i) its Applicable Dollar Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time incurred under the Dollar Commitments and (ii) its Applicable Multicurrency Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time incurred under the Multicurrency Commitments. 
 Swingline Lender means any of SMBC, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.04(d) . 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 Syndicated , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan is, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing are, made pursuant to Section 2.01 . 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17 . 
 T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system as determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement. 
 TARGET Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euros. 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees, or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Tender Offer means an all-cash tender offer by the Borrower for its shares of common stock that may be proposed to be commenced in connection with the initial listing of the Borrower s common Equity Interests. 
 Term Benchmark , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan is, or the Loans constituting such Borrowing are, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate. 
 44 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Term Benchmark Banking Day means for Term Benchmark Loans, Term Benchmark Borrowings, interest, fees, commissions or other amounts denominated in, or calculated with respect to 
 (a) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
 (b) Euros, a TARGET Day 
 (c) Canadian Dollars, any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Toronto, Canada or 
 (d) Australian Dollars, any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Melbourne, Australia. 
 Term Benchmark Rate means, for any Interest Period 
 (a) in the case of Term Benchmark Borrowings denominated in Dollars, Term SOFR for such Interest Period 
 (b) in the case of Term Benchmark Borrowings denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate as administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for a period equal in length to such Interest Period, as displayed on the applicable Bloomberg page (or on any successor or substitute page or service providing such quotations as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11 00 a.m. (Brussels time) two (2) Term Benchmark Banking Days for Euros prior to the first day of such Interest Period (the EURIBOR Screen Rate 
 (c) in the case of Term Benchmark Borrowings denominated in Canadian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the average of the annual yield rates applicable to Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances at or about 10 00 a.m. (Toronto, Ontario time) on the first day of such Interest Period (or if such day is not a Term Benchmark Banking Day for Canadian Dollars, then on the immediately preceding Term Benchmark Banking Day for Canadian Dollars) as reported on the CDOR Page (or any display substituted therefor) of Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or such other page or commercially available source displaying Canadian interbank bid rates for Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances as may reasonably be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) for a term equivalent to such Interest Period (or if such Interest Period is not equal to a number of months, for a term equivalent to the number of months closest to such Interest Period) and 
 (d) in the case of Term Benchmark Borrowings denominated in Australian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Bank Bill Swap Reference Bid rate or a successor thereto approved by the Administrative Agent BBSY as published by Reuters (or such other page or commercially available source providing BBSY (Bid) quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at or about 10 30 a.m. (Melbourne, Australia time) on the day that is two Term Benchmark Banking Days for Australian Dollars prior to the first day of the Interest Period (or if such day is not an Term Benchmark Banking Day for 
 45 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Australian Dollars, then on the immediately preceding Term Benchmark Banking Day for Australian Dollars) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period. 
 Term SOFR means, 
 (a) for any calculation with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, the sum of (i) the Term SOFR Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread and (ii) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided , however , that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day and 
 (b) for any calculation with respect to any ABR Loan on any day, the sum of (i) the Term SOFR Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread and (ii) the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided , however , that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Applicable Credit Adjustment Spread means 0.10 . 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 46 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the Final Maturity Date, (ii) the date of the termination of the Commitments in full pursuant to Section 2.08(c) , and (iii) the date on which the Commitments are terminated pursuant to Article VII . 
 Testing Period has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(F)(x) . 
 Testing Quarter has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B) . 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans constituting such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate, the Daily Simple RFR or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 U.S. Government Securities means securities that are direct obligations of, and obligations the timely payment of principal and interest on which is fully guaranteed by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States and in the form of conventional bills, bonds, and notes. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17 . 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the FCA, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Undisclosed Administration means, in relation to a Lender, the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
 47 Revolving Credit Agreement 

official by a supervisory authority or regulator under or based on the law in the country where such Lender is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable law requires that such appointment is not to be publicly disclosed. 
 Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. 
 United States Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 Unquoted Investments has the meaning set forth in Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B) . 
 Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of an Obligor (which may be Guaranteed by one (1) or more other Obligors) that (a) has no scheduled amortization prior to, and a final maturity date not earlier than, six months after the Final Maturity Date (it being understood that (A) none of (w) the conversion features under convertible notes into Permitted Equity Interests (x) the triggering and or settlement thereof or (y) any cash payment made in respect thereof, shall constitute amortization or a final maturity date for purposes of this clause (a) and (B) any mandatory amortization that is contingent upon the happening of an event that is not certain to occur (including a change of control or bankruptcy) shall not in and of itself be deemed to disqualify such Indebtedness under this clause (a) ), (b) is incurred pursuant to terms that are substantially comparable to market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers as reasonably determined in good faith by the Borrower or, if such transaction is not one in which there are market terms for substantially similar debt of other similarly situated borrowers, on terms that are negotiated in good faith on an arm s-length basis (except, in each case, other than financial covenants and events of default (other than events of default customary in indentures or similar instruments that have no analogous provisions in this Agreement or credit agreements generally)), which shall not be materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, upon the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, while any Loans or the Commitments are outstanding, than those set forth in the Loan Documents, in each case as determined by the Borrower in good faith provided that, upon the Borrower s written request in connection with the incurrence of any Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness that otherwise would not meet the requirements set forth in this parenthetical of this clause (b) , the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) shall promptly enter into a written amendment to this Agreement making changes necessary such that the financial covenants and events of default, as applicable, in this Agreement shall be as restrictive as such provisions in the Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness (it being understood that put rights or repurchase or redemption obligations (x) in the case of convertible securities, in connection with the suspension or delisting of the capital stock of the Borrower or the failure of the Borrower to satisfy a continued listing rule with respect to its capital stock or (y) arising out of circumstances that would constitute a fundamental change (as such term is customarily defined in convertible note offerings) or be Events of Default under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this definition), in each case as determined by the Borrower in good faith and (c) is not secured by any assets of any Obligor. For the avoidance of doubt the conversion of all or any portion of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness constituting Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness into Permitted Equity Interests in accordance with Section 6.12(a) , shall not cause such Indebtedness to be designated as Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness hereunder. 
 Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness means, collectively, (a) any Indebtedness of an Obligor that is not secured by any assets of any Obligor and that does not constitute Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Special Unsecured Indebtedness and (b) any 
 48 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Indebtedness that is designated as Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness pursuant to Section 6.11(a) . 
 Valuation Policy means the Borrower s valuation policy, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived, or otherwise modified from time to time in a manner not prohibited by this Agreement. 
 Value has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.13 . 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Dollar Loan , Syndicated Loan or Syndicated Dollar Loan ), by Type (e.g., an ABR Loan or by Class and Type (e.g., a Syndicated Multicurrency Term Benchmark Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Multicurrency Borrowing , Syndicated Borrowing or Syndicated Multicurrency Borrowing ), by Type (e.g., an ABR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g., a Syndicated ABR Borrowing or Multicurrency Term Benchmark Borrowing ). Loans and Borrowings may also be identified by Currency. 
 Section 1.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or therein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to restrictions contained herein), (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be 
 49 Revolving Credit Agreement 

construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. Solely for purposes of this Agreement, any references to principal amount or obligations owed by any Person under any (x) Hedging Agreement (other than a total return swap) shall refer to the amount that would be required to be paid by such Person if such Hedging Agreement were terminated at such time (after giving effect to any netting agreement) less any collateral posted in support thereof and (y) total return swap shall refer to the notional amount thereof less any collateral posted in support thereof. 
 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms GAAP . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time provided that (a) if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof then, (x) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree to enter into negotiations in good faith in order to amend such provisions of this Agreement with respect to the Borrower so as to equitably reflect such change to comply with GAAP with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Borrower s financial condition shall be the same after such change to comply with GAAP as if such change had not been made and (y) such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith and (b) all leases that are or would have been treated as operating leases for purposes of GAAP prior to the issuance on February 25, 2016 of the Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (the ASU shall continue to be accounted for as operating leases for purposes of all financial definitions and calculations for the purposes of the Loan Documents hereunder (whether or not such operating lease obligations were in effect on such date) notwithstanding the fact that such obligations are required in accordance with the ASU (on a prospective or retroactive basis or otherwise) to be treated as capitalized lease obligations in the financial statements to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents. Whether or not the Borrower may at any time adopt Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 825-10 (or successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities) or accounts for liabilities acquired in an acquisition on a fair value basis pursuant to FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R) (or successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities), all determinations of compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be made on the basis that the Borrower has not adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 825-10 (or such successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities) or, in the case of liabilities acquired in an acquisition, FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 141(R) (or such successor standard solely as it relates to fair valuing liabilities). It is understood and agreed that the valuations and other financial determinations included herein are solely for the purposes of this Agreement and, for financial reporting purposes, the Borrower will use valuations as determined by or under the supervision of its board of directors and in accordance with its valuation policies and procedures as required by the Investment Company Act. 
 Section 1.05. Currencies Currency Equivalents . 
 (a) Currencies Generally . At any time, any reference in the definition of Agreed Foreign Currency or in any other provision of this Agreement to the Currency of any particular nation means the lawful currency of such nation at such time whether or not the name of such Currency is the same as it was on the Effective Date. Except as provided in 
 50 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Section 2.10(b) and the last sentence of Section 2.17(a) , for purposes of determining (i) whether the amount of any Borrowing under the Multicurrency Commitments, together with all other Borrowings under the Multicurrency Commitments then outstanding or to be borrowed at the same time as such Borrowing, would exceed the aggregate amount of the Multicurrency Commitments, (ii) the aggregate unutilized amount of the Multicurrency Commitments, (iii) the Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure, (iv) the Covered Debt Amount and (v) the Borrowing Base or the Value or the fair market value of any Investment, the outstanding principal amount of any Borrowing that is denominated in any Foreign Currency or the Value or the fair market value of any Investment that is denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the Foreign Currency of such Borrowing or Investment, as the case may be, determined as of the date of such Borrowing (determined in accordance with the last sentence of the definition of Interest Period or the date of the valuation of such Investment, as the case may be. Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing or Loan an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing or Loan is denominated in a Foreign Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Foreign Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest 1,000 units of such Foreign Currency). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any basket in Section 6.03(h) or 6.04(g) , in no event shall the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries be deemed not to be in compliance with any such basket solely as a result of a change in exchange rates. 
 (b) Special Provisions Relating to Euro . Each obligation hereunder of any party hereto that is denominated in the National Currency of a state that is not a Participating Member State on the Effective Date shall, effective from the date on which such state becomes a Participating Member State, be redenominated in Euro in accordance with the legislation of the European Union applicable to the European Monetary Union provided that, if and to the extent that any such legislation provides that any such obligation of any such party payable within such Participating Member State by crediting an account of the creditor can be paid by the debtor either in Euros or such National Currency, such party shall be entitled to pay or repay such amount either in Euros or in such National Currency. If the basis of accrual of interest or fees expressed in this Agreement with respect to an Agreed Foreign Currency of any country that becomes a Participating Member State after the date on which such currency becomes an Agreed Foreign Currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest or fees in respect of the Euro, such convention or practice shall replace such expressed basis effective as of and from the date on which such state becomes a Participating Member State provided that, with respect to any Borrowing denominated in such currency that is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect at the end of the Interest Period therefor. 
 Without prejudice to the respective liabilities of the Borrower to the Lenders and the Lenders to the Borrower under or pursuant to this Agreement, each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time, in consultation with the Borrower, reasonably specify to be necessary or appropriate to reflect the introduction or changeover to the Euro in any country that becomes a Participating Member State after the Effective Date provided that the Administrative Agent shall provide the Borrower and the Lenders with prior notice of the proposed change with an explanation of such change in sufficient time to permit the Borrower and the Lenders an opportunity to respond to such proposed change. 
 Section 1.06. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, if, as a result of any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) any new Person comes 
 51 Revolving Credit Agreement 

into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized or acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 Section 1.07. Concurrent Transactions . For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event or compliance with any term, such determination shall be made on a pro forma basis, immediately after giving effect to any Concurrent Transactions. 
 Section 1.08. Rates . The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Alternate Base Rate, the Daily Simple RFR or the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate or any component definition thereof or rates referenced in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Alternate Base Rate, the Daily Simple RFR, the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Alternate Base Rate, the Daily Simple RFR, the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Alternate Base Rate, the Daily Simple RFR, the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 Article II THE CREDITS 
 Section 1.01. The Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein 
 (a) each Dollar Lender severally agrees to make Syndicated Loans in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in the maximum aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Lender s Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Dollar Commitment, (ii) the aggregate Revolving Dollar Credit Exposure of all of the Dollar Lenders exceeding the aggregate Dollar Commitments at such time or (iii) the Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect and 
 (b) each Multicurrency Lender severally agrees to make Syndicated Loans in Dollars and in Agreed Foreign Currencies to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in the maximum aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Lender s Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Multicurrency Commitment, (ii) the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure of all of the Multicurrency Lenders exceeding the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments at such time or (iii) the Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect. 
 52 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Loans. 
 Section 1.02. Loans and Borrowings . 
 (a) Obligations of Lenders . Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class of Commitments, Currency and Type made by the applicable Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. 
 (b) Type of Loans . Subject to Section 2.13 , each Borrowing of a Class shall be constituted entirely of ABR Loans, RFR Loans or of Term Benchmark Loans of such Class denominated in a single Currency as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each ABR Loan shall be denominated in Dollars. Each Term Benchmark Loan shall be denominated in Dollars or an Agreed Foreign Currency (other than Sterling). Each RFR Loan shall be denominated in Sterling. Each Lender at its option may make any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) Minimum Amounts . Each Term Benchmark Borrowing and RFR Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of 500,000 or a larger multiple of 100,000, or equivalent in relevant currency and each ABR Borrowing (whether a Syndicated Loan or a Swingline Loans) shall be in an aggregate amount of 500,000 or a larger multiple of 100,000 provided that any borrowing of a Class may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments of such Class. Borrowings of more than one Class, Currency and Type may be outstanding at the same time. 
 (d) Limitations on Interest Periods . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request (or to elect to convert to or continue as a Term Benchmark Borrowing) any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested therefor would end after the Final Maturity Date. 
 (e) Treatment of Classes . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, with respect to each Syndicated Loan or Swingline Loan designated in Dollars, the Administrative Agent shall deem the Borrower to have requested that such Syndicated Loan or Swingline Loan be applied ratably to each of the Dollar Commitments and the Multicurrency Commitments, based upon the percentage of the aggregate Commitments represented by the Dollar Commitments and the Multicurrency Commitments, respectively provided that, if the ratable share of such Syndicated Loan or Swingline Loan that would be applied to the Multicurrency Commitments pursuant to this clause (e) exceeds the unused Multicurrency Commitments, such excess shall be allocated to the Dollar Commitments (rather than the Multicurrency Commitments) up to an amount not to exceed the unused Dollar Commitments. 
 Section 1.03. Requests for Syndicated Borrowings . 
 (a) Notice by the Borrower . To request a Syndicated Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by electronic mail or telephone or by delivery of a signed Borrowing Request (i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (ii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing 
 53 Revolving Credit Agreement 

denominated in a Foreign Currency, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, four (4) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iii) in the case of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, four (4) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (iv) in the case of a Syndicated ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such request made by electronic communication or telephone shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery, telecopy or electronic communication to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request. 
 (b) Content of Borrowing Requests . Each Borrowing Request (whether by electronic communication or telephone or delivery of a written request) shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) whether such Borrowing is to be made under the Dollar Commitments or the Multicurrency Commitments or pro rata pursuant to Section 2.02(e) 
 (ii) the aggregate amount and Currency of the requested Borrowing 
 (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iv) in the case of a Syndicated Borrowing denominated in Dollars, whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing 
 (v) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Foreign Currency, whether such Borrowing is to be a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing 
 (vi) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period therefor, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period and permitted under Section 2.02(d) and 
 (vii) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which will comply with the requirements of Section 2.06 . 
 (c) Notice by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders . Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section 2.03 , the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of the amounts of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 (d) Failure to Elect . If no election as to the Currency of a Syndicated Borrowing is specified, then the requested Syndicated Borrowing shall be denominated in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of a Syndicated Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing having an Interest Period of one month and, if an Agreed Foreign Currency has been specified, the requested Syndicated Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in such Agreed Foreign Currency and having an Interest Period of one month provided that, if the specified Agreed Foreign Currency is Sterling, the requested Borrowing shall be an RFR Borrowing. If a Term Benchmark Borrowing is requested but no Interest Period is specified, (i) if the Currency specified for such Borrowing is Dollars (or if no Currency has been so specified), the requested Borrowing shall be a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars having an Interest Period of one month s duration, and (ii) if the Currency specified for such Borrowing is an Agreed Foreign Currency 
 54 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(other than Sterling), the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 Section 1.04. Swingline Loans . 
 (a) Agreement to Make Swingline Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Swingline Lender severally agrees to make Swingline Loans under each Commitment to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in Dollars, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding 5,000,000, (ii) the sum of any Swingline Lender s outstanding Syndicated Multicurrency Loans, its outstanding Swingline Loans and (without duplication) its other Swingline Exposure exceeding its Multicurrency Commitment, (iii) the total Revolving Dollar Credit Exposures exceeding the aggregate Dollar Commitments at such time, (iv) the total Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposures exceeding the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments at such time or (v) the total Covered Debt Amount exceeding the Borrowing Base then in effect provided that no Swingline Lender shall be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 (b) Notice of Swingline Loans by the Borrower . To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) or by e-mail not later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, on the day of such proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Swingline Lender from which such Swingline Loan shall be made, the requested date (which shall be a Business Day), the amount of the requested Swingline Loan and, if such Swingline Loan is denominated in Dollars, whether such Swingline Loan is to be made under the Dollar Commitments or the Multicurrency Commitments. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the applicable Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. Each Swingline Lender shall make each applicable Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of the Borrower with such Swingline Lender by 3 00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (c) Participations by Lenders in Swingline Loans . Any Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 10 00 a.m., New York City time on any Business Day, require the Lenders of the applicable Class to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the outstanding Swingline Loans of such Class made by such Swingline Lender. Such notice to the Administrative Agent shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which the applicable Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each applicable Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Dollar Percentage or Applicable Multicurrency Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above in this paragraph, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for account of the applicable Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Dollar Percentage or Applicable Multicurrency Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans provided that no Lender shall be required to purchase a participation in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) if (x) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 would not be satisfied in respect of a Borrowing at the time such Swingline Loan was made and (y) the Required Lenders of the respective Class shall have so notified the applicable Swingline Lender in writing and shall not have subsequently determined that the circumstances giving rise to such conditions not being satisfied no longer exist. Unless a Swingline Lender has received the written notice referred to in the previous sentence prior to the time such Swingline Loan was made, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such Swingline Lender shall be entitled to assume all such conditions are satisfied. 
 55 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Subject to the foregoing, each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph (c) is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments of the respective Class, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the relevant Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by a Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by such Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the applicable Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (d) Resignation and Replacement of Swingline Lender . Any Swingline Lender may resign and be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the resigning Swingline Lender and a successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such resignation and replacement of any Swingline Lender. In addition to the foregoing, if a Lender becomes, and during the period it remains, a Defaulting Lender, and if any Default has arisen from a failure of the Borrower to comply with Section 2.19(a) , then each Swingline Lender may, upon prior written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, resign as a Swingline Lender, effective at the close of business New York City time on a date specified in such notice (which date may not be less than five Business Days after the date of such notice). On or after the effective date of any such resignation, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, by written agreement, appoint one or more successor Swingline Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such appointment of a successor Swingline Lender. Upon the effectiveness of any resignation of any Swingline Lender, the Borrower shall repay in full all outstanding Swingline Loans made by such Swingline Lender together with all accrued interest thereon. From and after the effective date of the appointment of a successor Swingline Lender, (i) such successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans to be made by such successor Swingline Lender thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Swingline Lender and or Swingline Lenders shall be deemed to refer to such successor or successors (and the other current Swingline Lenders, if applicable) or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor or successors (and all current Swingline Lenders) and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall have no obligation to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 Section 1.05. Reserved . 
 Section 1.06. Funding of Borrowings . 
 56 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(a) Funding by Lenders . Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by (i) in the case of any Loan (other than a Syndicated ABR Borrowing), 11 00 a.m. New York City time, and (ii) in the case of any Loan that is a Syndicated ABR Borrowing, 1 00 p.m. New York City time, in each case, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.04 . The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request. 
 (b) Presumption by the Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed funding deadline of any Borrowing set forth in clause (a) of this Section 2.06 that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with clause (a) of this Section 2.06 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Effective Rate or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Nothing in this paragraph shall relieve any Lender of its obligation to fulfill its commitments hereunder, and this paragraph shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 1.07. Interest Elections . 
 (a) Elections by the Borrower for Syndicated Borrowings . Subject to Section 2.03(d) , the Loans constituting each Syndicated Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have the Interest Period specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a Borrowing of a different Type or to continue such Borrowing as a Borrowing of the same Type and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect the Interest Period therefor, all as provided in this Section 2.07 provided , however , that (i) a Syndicated Borrowing of a Class may only be continued or converted into a Syndicated Borrowing of the same Class, (ii) except as set forth in Sections 2.13 and 2.20(e) , a Syndicated Borrowing denominated in one Currency may not be continued as, or converted to, a Syndicated Borrowing in a different Currency, (iii) no Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency may be continued if, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposures would exceed the aggregate Multicurrency Commitments and (iv) neither a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency nor a RFR Borrowing may be converted to a Borrowing of a different Type. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders of the respective Class holding the Loans constituting such Borrowing, and the Loans constituting each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section 2.07 shall not apply to Swingline Loans, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (b) Notice of Elections . To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.07 , the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone or electronic 
 57 Revolving Credit Agreement 

communication by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Syndicated Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each Interest Election Request delivered by telephone or electronic communication shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly (but no later than the close of business on the date of such request) by hand delivery, telecopy or electronic communication to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request. 
 (c) Content of Interest Election Requests . Each Interest Election Request (whether by electronic communication or telephone or delivery of a written request) shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02 
 (i) the Borrowing (including the Class of Commitment) to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to subclauses (iii) and (iv) of this clause (c) shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period therefor after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period and permitted under Section 2.02(d) . 
 (d) Notice by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders . Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e) Failure to Elect Events of Default . If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, (i) if such Borrowing is denominated in Dollars, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a Syndicated Term Benchmark Borrowing of the same Class having an Interest Period of one month, and (ii) if such Borrowing is denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) each Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall, at the end of the applicable Interest Period for such Term Benchmark Borrowing, be automatically converted to an ABR Borrowing and (ii) no Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency shall have an Interest Period of more than one month. 
 Section 1.08. Termination, Reduction or Increase of the Commitments . 
 (a) Scheduled Termination . Unless previously terminated, the Commitments of each Class shall terminate on the Commitment Termination Date. 
 (b) Voluntary Termination or Reduction . The Borrower may at any time, without premium or penalty, terminate or from time to time reduce, the Commitments ratably 
 58 Revolving Credit Agreement 

among each Class of Commitment provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments of a Class shall be in an amount that is 5,000,000 or a larger multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the entire amount of the Commitments of such Class) and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments of either Class if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Syndicated Loans of such Class in accordance with Section 2.10 , the total Revolving Credit Exposures of such Class would exceed the total Commitments of such Class. Any such reduction of the Commitments below the amount of the Swingline Loans permitted under Section 2.04(a)(i) shall result in a dollar-for-dollar reduction of such amount. 
 (c) Notice of Voluntary Termination or Reduction . The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under clause (b) of this Section 2.08 at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree), specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall be irrevocable provided that a notice of termination or reduction of the Commitments of a Class delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. 
 (d) Effect of Termination or Reduction . Any termination or reduction of the Commitments of a Class pursuant to Section 2.08(b) shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments of a Class pursuant to Section 2.08(b) shall be made ratably among the Lenders of such Class in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 (e) Increase of the Commitments . 
 (i) Requests for Increase by Borrower . The Borrower may, at any time, request that the Commitments hereunder of a Class be increased (each such proposed increase being a Commitment Increase upon notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders), which notice shall specify each existing Lender (each an Increasing Lender and or each additional lender (each an Assuming Lender that shall have agreed to an additional Commitment and the date on which such increase is expected to be effective (the date of actual effectiveness, the Commitment Increase Date ), which shall be a Business Day at least three (3) Business Days (or such lesser period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) after delivery of such notice and at least thirty (30) days prior to the Commitment Termination Date provided that 
 (A) the minimum amount of the Commitment of any Assuming Lender, and the minimum amount of the increase of the Commitment of any Increasing Lender, as part of such Commitment Increase shall be 5,000,000 or a larger multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) 
 (B) immediately after giving effect to such Commitment Increase, the total Commitments of all of the Lenders hereunder shall not exceed 150,000,000 
 (C) each Assuming Lender shall be consented to by the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) 
 59 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(D) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such Commitment Increase Date or shall result from the proposed Commitment Increase and 
 (E) the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation or warranty already subject to a materiality qualifier, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Commitment Increase Date as if made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). 
 (ii) Effectiveness of Commitment Increase by Borrower . An Assuming Lender, if any, shall become a Lender hereunder as of such Commitment Increase Date and the Commitment of the respective Class of any Increasing Lender and such Assuming Lender shall be increased as of such Commitment Increase Date provided that 
 (x) the Administrative Agent shall have received on or prior to 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on such Commitment Increase Date, a certificate of a duly authorized officer of the Borrower stating that each of the applicable conditions to such Commitment Increase set forth in the foregoing paragraph (i) has been satisfied and 
 (y) each Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to 11 00 a.m., New York City time on such Commitment Increase Date, an agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto (or such other form as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) (each, a Commitment Increase Supplement ), pursuant to which such Lender shall, effective as of such Commitment Increase Date, undertake a Commitment or an increase of Commitment in each case of the respective Class, duly executed by such Assuming Lender or Increasing Lender, as applicable, and the Borrower and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent. 
 Promptly following satisfaction of such conditions, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of such Class (including any Assuming Lenders) thereof and of the occurrence of the Commitment Increase Date by facsimile transmission or electronic messaging system. 
 (iii) Recordation into Register . Upon its receipt of a Commitment Increase Supplement executed by an Assuming Lender or any Increasing Lender, together with the certificate referred to in clause (ii)(x) above, the Administrative Agent shall, if such agreement has been completed, (x) accept such agreement, (y) record the information contained therein in the Register and (z) give prompt notice thereof to the Borrower. 
 (iv) Adjustments of Borrowings upon Effectiveness of Increase . On the Commitment Increase Date, the Borrower shall (A) prepay the outstanding Loans (if any) of the affected Class in full, (B) simultaneously borrow new Loans of such Class hereunder in an amount equal to such prepayment provided that with respect to subclauses (A) and (B) , (x) the prepayment to, and borrowing from, any existing Lender shall be effected by book entry to the extent that any 
 60 Revolving Credit Agreement 

portion of the amount prepaid to such Lender will be subsequently borrowed from such Lender and (y) the existing Lenders, the Increasing Lenders and the Assuming Lenders shall make and receive payments among themselves, in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, so that, after giving effect thereto, the Loans of such Class are held ratably by the Lenders of such Class in accordance with the respective Commitments of such Class of such Lenders (after giving effect to such Commitment Increase) and (C) pay to the Lenders of such Class the amounts, if any, payable under Section 2.15 as a result of any such prepayment. 
 (v) Automatic Commitment Increase . Subject to the limitation set forth in Section 2.08(e)(i)(B), if, at any time prior to the date that is one year after the Effective Date, the Borrower has (i) raised equity capital in an amount exceeding 10,000,000 and (ii) delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate certifying that the foregoing condition has been satisfied, together with a request for a Commitment Increase of 10,000,000, with SMBC as the Increasing Lender, SMBC shall promptly take such actions as may be required to effect such Commitment Increase pursuant to this Section 2.08 provided that the effectiveness of any such Commitment Increase by SMBC shall be subject to (x) the payment of fees related to such Commitment Increase and owing on the date of such Commitment Increase, as set forth in the Fee Letter, and (y) the conditions set forth in clauses (e)(i)(A), (e)(i)(B), (e)(i)(D), (e)(i)(E) and (e)(ii)(x) of this Section 2.08. 
 Section 1.09. Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) Repayment . The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay the Loans of each Class as follows 
 (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders of such Class the outstanding principal amount of the Loans of such Class and all other amounts due and owing hereunder and under the other Loan Documents on the Final Maturity Date and 
 (ii) to the applicable Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan of each Class of Commitment denominated in Dollars made by such Swingline Lender, on the earlier of the Commitment Termination Date and the first date after such Swingline Loan is made that is the 15th or last day of a calendar month and is at least ten Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made provided that on each date that a Syndicated Borrowing of such Class of Commitment is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans of such Class of Commitment then outstanding. 
 (b) Manner of Payment . Prior to any repayment or prepayment of any Borrowings to any Lenders of any Class of Commitment hereunder, the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings of such Class to be paid and shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic communication) of such selection not later than the time set forth in Section 2.10(e) prior to the scheduled date of such repayment provided that each repayment of Borrowings in Dollars to any Lenders of a Class shall be applied to repay any outstanding ABR Borrowings of such Class before any other Borrowings of such Class. If the Borrower fails to make a timely selection of the Borrowing or Borrowings to be repaid or prepaid, such payment shall be applied to repay Borrowings in the same Currency and, solely in the case of any such payment in Dollars, first, to pay any outstanding ABR Borrowings of the applicable Class and, second, to other Borrowings of such Class in the order of the remaining 
 61 Revolving Credit Agreement 

duration of their respective Interest Periods (the Borrowing with the shortest remaining Interest Period to be repaid first). Each payment of a Syndicated Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in such Borrowing. 
 (c) Maintenance of Records by Lenders . Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice records evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts and Currency of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (d) Maintenance of Records by the Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall maintain records in which it shall record (i) the amount and Currency of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and each Interest Period therefor, (ii) the amount and Currency of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender of such Class of Commitment hereunder and (iii) the amount and Currency of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (e) Effect of Entries . The entries made in the records maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) of this Section 2.09 shall be prima facie evidence, absent manifest error, of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such records or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (f) Promissory Notes . Any Lender may request that Loans of any Class made by it be evidenced by a promissory note in such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04 be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns, unless and until the Borrower and the Lender holding such Loan agree otherwise). Any Lender requesting issuance of any promissory note shall agree to promptly return any such note (or provide a lost note affidavit acceptable to the Borrower) upon any assignment or repayment. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of a promissory note shall be listed as a Lender in the Register, shall have the obligations as a Lender to maintain a Participant Register under Section 9.04(f) , if applicable, and each transfer or assignment of a promissory note shall be recorded in the Register. 
 Section 1.10. Prepayment of Loans . 
 (a) Optional Prepayments . The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, without premium or penalty except for payments under Section 2.15 , if any, subject to the requirements of this Section 2.10 . 
 (b) Mandatory Prepayments due to Changes in Exchange Rates . 
 (i) Determination of Amount Outstanding . On each Quarterly Date and, in addition, promptly upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Currency Valuation Notice (as defined below), the Administrative Agent shall determine the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure. For the purpose of this determination, the outstanding principal amount of any Loan that is denominated in any Foreign Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount in the Foreign Currency of such Loan, determined as of 
 62 Revolving Credit Agreement 

such Quarterly Date or, in the case of a Currency Valuation Notice received by the Administrative Agent prior to 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on a Business Day, on such Business Day or, in the case of a Currency Valuation Notice otherwise received, on the first Business Day after such Currency Valuation Notice is received. Upon making such determination, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Multicurrency Lenders and the Borrower thereof. 
 (ii) Prepayment . If on the date of such determination the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure exceeds 105 of the aggregate amount of the Multicurrency Commitments as then in effect, the Borrower shall prepay the Multicurrency Loans within fifteen (15) Business Days following the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (b)(i) above in such amounts as shall be necessary so that after giving effect thereto the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure does not exceed the Multicurrency Commitments. 
 For purposes hereof Currency Valuation Notice means a notice given by the Required Multicurrency Lenders to the Administrative Agent stating that such notice is a Currency Valuation Notice and requesting that the Administrative Agent determine the aggregate Revolving Multicurrency Credit Exposure. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to make more than one valuation determination pursuant to Currency Valuation Notices within any rolling three month period. 
 (c) Mandatory Prepayments due to Borrowing Base Deficiency . In the event that at any time any Borrowing Base Deficiency shall exist, the Borrower shall, within five (5) Business Days after delivery of the applicable Borrowing Base Certificate, prepay the Loans or reduce Other Covered Indebtedness or any other Indebtedness that is included in the Covered Debt Amount at such time in such amounts as shall be necessary so that such Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured provided that (i) the aggregate amount of such prepayment of Loans shall be at least equal to the Revolving Percentage times the aggregate prepayment of the Covered Debt Amount, and (ii) if, within five (5) Business Days after delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating such Borrowing Base Deficiency, the Borrower shall present the Administrative Agent with a reasonably feasible plan (determined by the Borrower in good faith) to enable such Borrowing Base Deficiency to be cured within thirty (30) Business Days (which thirty (30) Business Day period shall be subject to extension beyond 30 Business Days with the consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after delivery of the applicable Borrowing Base Certificate, then such prepayment or reduction shall not be required to be effected immediately but may be effected in accordance with such plan (with such modifications as the Borrower may reasonably determine), so long as such Borrowing Base Deficiency is cured within such thirty (30) Business Day period (or such extended period consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) provided , further , that solely to the extent such Borrowing Base Deficiency is due to a failure to satisfy the requirements of Section 5.13(h) as a consequence of a change in either (x) the ratio of the Gross Borrowing Base to the Senior Debt Amount or (y) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio from one (1) quarterly period to the next, such thirty (30) Business Day period shall be extended to a forty-five (45) Business Day period solely with respect to compliance with Section 5.13(h) . 
 (d) Mandatory Prepayments During Amortization Period . During the period commencing on the date immediately following the Commitment Termination Date and ending on the Final Maturity Date 
 (i) Asset Disposition . If the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor Disposes of any property which results in the receipt by such Person of Net Cash Proceeds in excess of 1,000,000 in the aggregate since the Commitment 
 63 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Termination Date, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.09(b) ). 
 (ii) Equity Issuance . Upon the sale or issuance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor of any of its Equity Interests (other than any sales or issuances of Equity Interests to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor), the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 75 of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.09(b) ). 
 (iii) Indebtedness . Upon the incurrence or issuance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor of any Indebtedness, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100 of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.09(b) ). 
 (iv) Extraordinary Receipt . Upon any Extraordinary Receipt (which, when taken with all other Extraordinary Receipts received after the Commitment Termination Date, exceeds 2,000,000 in the aggregate) received by or paid to or for the account of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, and not otherwise included in clauses (i) , (ii) or (iii) of this Section 2.10(d) , the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 100 of all Net Cash Proceeds in excess of 2,000,000 in the aggregate received from such Extraordinary Receipt no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.09(b) ). 
 (v) Return of Capital . If any Obligor shall receive any Return of Capital, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Loans equal to 90 of such Return of Capital (excluding amounts payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15 no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Return of Capital (such prepayments to be applied as set forth in Section 2.09(b) ). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (I) Net Cash Proceeds and Return of Capital required to be applied to the prepayment of the Loans pursuant to this Section 2.10(d) shall (A) be applied in accordance with the Guarantee and Security Agreement and (B) exclude the amount necessary for the Borrower to make all required dividends and distributions (which shall be no less than the amount estimated in good faith by Borrower under Section 6.05(b) herein) to maintain the status of a RIC under the Code and its election to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act for so long as the Borrower retains such status and (II) if the Loans to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.10(d) are Term Benchmark Loans, the Borrower may defer such prepayment until the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loans, so long as the Borrower deposits an amount equal to such Net Cash Proceeds, no later than the fifth Business Day following the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, into a segregated collateral account in the name and under the dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, pending application of such amount to the prepayment of the Loans on the last day of such Interest Period provided , further , that the Administrative Agent may direct the application of such deposits as set forth in Section 2.09(b) at any time and if the Administrative Agent does so, no amounts will be payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.15 . 
 64 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(e) Notices, Etc. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan made by a Swingline Lender, such Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic communication) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars (other than in the case of a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d) ), not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency (other than in the case of a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d) ), not later than 11 00 a.m., Applicable Time, four (4) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iii) in the case of prepayment of a RFR Borrowing (other than in the case of a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d) ), not later than 11 00 a.m., London time, four (4) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iv) in the case of prepayment of a Syndicated ABR Borrowing (other than in the case of a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d) ), not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment, (v) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment, or (vi) in the case of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10(d) , not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date, the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment provided that, if (i) a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments of a Class as contemplated by Section 2.08 , then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.08 and (ii) any notice given in connection with Section 2.10(d) may be conditioned on the consummation of the applicable transaction contemplated by such Section and the receipt by the Borrower or any such Subsidiary (other than a Financing Subsidiary) of Net Cash Proceeds. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Syndicated Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the affected Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02 or in the case of a Swingline Loan, as provided in Section 2.04 , except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Syndicated Borrowing of a Class of Commitments shall be applied ratably to the Loans held by the Lenders of such Class included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.12 and shall be made in the manner specified in Section 2.09(b) . 
 Section 1.11. Fees . 
 (a) Commitment Fee . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to 0.375 on the average daily unused amount of the Dollar Commitment and Multicurrency Commitment, as applicable, of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the date such Commitment terminates and the Commitment Termination Date. Commitment fees accrued through and including each Quarterly Date shall be payable in arrears within five (5) Business Days after each Quarterly Date and on the earlier of the date the Commitments of the respective Class terminate and the Commitment Termination Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For purposes of computing commitment fees, (i) the daily unused amount of the applicable Commitment shall be determined as of the end of each day and (ii) the Commitment of any Class of a Lender shall be deemed to be used to the extent of the outstanding Syndicated Loans of such Class of such Lender (and the Swingline Exposure of each Class of such Lender shall be disregarded for such purpose). 
 65 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(b) Administrative Agent Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Payment of Fees . All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, in the case of commitment fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances absent manifest error. 
 Section 1.12. Interest . 
 (a) ABR Loans . The Loans constituting each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (b) Term Benchmark Loans . The Loans constituting each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for the related Interest Period for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (c) RFR Loans . The Loans constituting each RFR Borrowing shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (d) Default Interest . Notwithstanding the foregoing clauses (a) through (c) , if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due (after giving effect to any grace or cure period), whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise, the interest rates applicable to Loans and any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of principal of any Loan that is past due, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided above or (ii) in the case of any fee or other amount that is past due, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section 2.12 . 
 (e) Payment of Interest . Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan in the Currency in which such Loan is denominated and, in the case of Loans, upon the Termination Date provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section 2.12 shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of a Syndicated ABR Loan prior to the Final Maturity Date), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Borrowing shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (f) Computation . All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed (i) by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate and (ii) on Multicurrency Loans denominated in Sterling shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Daily Simple RFR or Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Section 1.13. Inability to Determine Interest Rates . (a) Subject to Section 2.20 , if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing of a 
 66 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Class or at any time for a RFR Borrowing (the Currency of such Borrowing herein called the Affected Currency 
 (i) (A) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower absent manifest error) that the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for the Affected Currency cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof for such Interest Period or (B) in the case of a RFR Borrowing, the Administrative Agent determines the Administrative Agent determines that the Daily Simple RFR for the Affected Currency cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof or 
 (ii) (A) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Required Lenders of such Class of Commitments that the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate for the Affected Currency for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their respective Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period or (B) in the case of a RFR Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Required Multicurrency Lenders that the Daily Simple RFR for the Affected Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining the Loans included in such RFR Borrowing, 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give written notice thereof (or telephonic notice, promptly confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and the affected Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter. Until the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Syndicated Borrowing to, or the continuation of any Syndicated Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in the Affected Currency shall be ineffective and, if the Affected Currency is Dollars, such Syndicated Borrowing (unless prepaid) shall be continued as, or converted to, a Syndicated ABR Borrowing at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (ii) if the Affected Currency is Dollars and any Borrowing Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as a Syndicated ABR Borrowing, (iii) if the Affected Currency is a Foreign Currency other than Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in the Affected Currency shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency provided , that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing in the Affected Currency, at the Borrower s election shall either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (2) be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, or (3) be prepaid in full immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, and (iv) if the Affected 
 67 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Currency is Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate provided , that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing in Canadian Dollars, at the Borrower s election, shall either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate at the end of applicable Interest Period provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Affected Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (2) be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Affected Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period, or (3) be prepaid in full at the end of the applicable Interest Period provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, if earlier, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (iii)(B)(1 or (iv)(B)(1) above, as applicable. 
 Section 1.14. Increased Costs . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including pursuant to regulations issued from time to time by the Board for determining the maximum reserve requirement (including any emergency, special, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement)) with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D), special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate) or 
 (ii) impose on the Administrative Agent or any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Other Taxes, (C) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (D) Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Term Benchmark Loans made by such Lender 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Term Benchmark Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 (b) Capital and Liquidity Requirements . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Swingline Loans held by, such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s 
 68 Revolving Credit Agreement 

holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements), by an amount deemed to be material in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender, in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates from Lenders . A certificate of a Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the calculation of the amount or amounts, in Dollars, necessary to compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.14 shall be promptly delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.14 for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than six months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor provided , further , that if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 Section 1.15. Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period therefor (including as a result of the occurrence of any Commitment Increase Date or an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period therefor, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Syndicated Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (including, in connection with any Commitment Increase Date, and regardless of whether such notice is permitted to be revocable under Section 2.10(e) and is revoked in accordance herewith), or (d) the assignment as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18(b) of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period therefor, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and reasonable expense attributable to such event (excluding loss of anticipated profits), including any loss, cost or expense arising from the liquidation or redeployment of funds. Payment under this Section 2.15 shall be made upon request of a Lender delivered not later than ten (10) Business Days following the payment, conversion, or failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay that gives rise to a claim under this Section 2.15 accompanied by a certificate of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the calculation of the amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.15 , which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof. 
 Section 1.16. Taxes . 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) provided that if the Borrower shall be required to deduct any Taxes from such payments, then (i) if such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable 
 69 Revolving Credit Agreement 

under this Section 2.16 the Administrative Agent or applicable Lender (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
 (c) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender for and, within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor, pay the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.16 payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) Business Days after written demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(f) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d) . 
 (e) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (f) Tax Documentation . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the 
 70 Revolving Credit Agreement 

completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Sections 2.16(f)(ii)(A), 2.16(f)(ii)(B)(w)-(y) , 2.16(f)(iii) and 2.16(g) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 (A) any Lender that is a United States Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (and such additional copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), duly completed and executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or any successor form certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax and 
 (B) each Foreign Lender, shall to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (w) duly completed and executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or any successor form claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party, 
 (x) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI or any successor form certifying that the income receivable pursuant to this Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States, 
 (y) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (1) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (1) a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (2) a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (3) a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (2) duly completed and executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any successor form) certifying that the Foreign Lender is not a United States Person, or 
 (z) any other form including Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY as applicable prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit 
 71 Revolving Credit Agreement 

the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 
 (ii) In addition, each Lender shall deliver such forms promptly upon the obsolescence, expiration or invalidity of any form previously delivered by such Lender provided it is legally able to do so at the time. Each Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at any time the chief tax officer of such Lender (or such other person so responsible) becomes aware that it no longer satisfies the legal requirements to provide any previously delivered form or certificate to the Borrower (or any other form of certification adopted by the U.S. or other taxing authorities for such purpose). 
 (g) Documentation Required by FATCA . If a payment made to a Lender under this Agreement would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their respective obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.16(g) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its reasonable discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.16 , it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.16 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or any Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (h) , in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to Borrower pursuant to this clause (h) , the payment of which would place such Person in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Person would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns or its books or records (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 Section 1.17. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Set-offs . 
 (a) Payments by the Borrower . The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, or under Section 2.14 , 2.15 or 2.16 , or otherwise) or under any other Loan Document (except to the extent otherwise provided therein) prior to 2 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any 
 72 Revolving Credit Agreement 

date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s Account, except payments to be made directly to any Swingline Lender as provided herein and payments pursuant to Sections 2.14 , 2.15 , 2.16 and 9.03 , which shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto, and except as otherwise expressly provided in the relevant Loan Document. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 
 All amounts owing under this Agreement (including commitment fees, payments required under Section 2.14 , and payments required under Section 2.15 relating to any Loan denominated in Dollars, but not including principal of, and interest on, any Loan denominated in any Foreign Currency or payments relating to any such Loan required under Section 2.15 , which are payable in such Foreign Currency) or under any other Loan Document (except to the extent otherwise provided therein) are payable in Dollars. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise), the unpaid portion of such Loan shall, if such Loan is not denominated in Dollars, automatically be redenominated in Dollars on the due date thereof (or, if such due date is a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor, on the last day of such Interest Period) in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent thereof on the date of such redenomination and such principal shall be payable on demand and if the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan that is not denominated in Dollars, such interest shall automatically be redenominated in Dollars on the due date therefor (or, if such due date is a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor, on the last day of such Interest Period) in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent thereof on the date of such redenomination and such interest shall be payable on demand. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.17 , if, after the making of any Borrowing in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of Currency in which the Borrowing was made (the Original Currency no longer exists or the Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, then all payments to be made by the Borrower hereunder in such currency shall instead be made when due in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent (as of the date of repayment) of such payment due, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the Borrower takes all risks of the imposition of any such currency control or exchange regulations. 
 (b) Application of Insufficient Payments . If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees of a Class of Commitments then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, to pay interest and fees of such Class then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees of such Class then due to such parties, and (ii) second, to pay principal of such Class then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal of such Class then due to such parties. 
 (c) Pro Rata Treatment . Except to the extent otherwise provided herein (i) each Syndicated Borrowing of a Class shall be made from the Lenders of such Class of Commitments, each payment of commitment fee under Section 2.11 shall be made for the account of the Lenders pro rata according to the average daily unutilized amounts of the respective Class of Commitments, and each termination or reduction of the amount of the 
 73 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Commitments of a Class of Commitments under Section 2.08 shall be applied to the respective Commitments of the Lenders of such Class of Commitments, pro rata according to the amounts of their respective Commitments of such Class of Commitments (ii) each Syndicated Borrowing of a Class of Commitments shall be allocated pro rata among the Lenders of such Class according to the amounts of their respective Commitments of such Class (in the case of the making of Syndicated Loans) or their respective Loans of such Class that are to be included in such Borrowing (in the case of conversions and continuations of Loans) (iii) each payment or prepayment of principal of Syndicated Loans of a Class of Commitments by the Borrower shall be made for the account of the Lenders of such Class of Commitments pro rata in accordance with the respective unpaid principal amounts of the Syndicated Loans of such Class of Commitments held by them and (iv) each payment of interest on Syndicated Loans of a Class of Commitments by the Borrower shall be made for the account of the Lenders of such Class of Commitments pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest on such Loans of such Class of Commitments then due and payable to the respective Lenders. 
 (d) Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender of any Class of Commitment shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans of such Class resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon of such Class then due than the proportion received by any other Lender of such Class, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of other Lenders of such Class to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders of such Class ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans of such Class provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (e) Presumptions of Payment . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent at the Federal Funds Effective Rate. 
 (f) Certain Deductions by the Administrative Agent . If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.06(a) or (b) or 2.17(e) , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid. 
 74 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Section 1.18. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.14 or 2.16 , as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any cost or expense not actually reimbursed, or required to be reimbursed, by the Borrower and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If (x) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16 and, in each case, such Lender has not designated a different lending office in accordance with clause (a) above, (y) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender or (z) any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, then, in each case, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04(b) ), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) provided that (i) such assignment is permitted under Section 9.04(b) , (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts then owed to such Lender) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.14 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.16 , such assignment is reasonably expected at the time of such assignment request to result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 Section 1.19. Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a) Defaulting Lender Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law 
 (i) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Swingline Lender hereunder third , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default exists), to the funding of any 
 75 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fourth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement fifth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or any Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement sixth , so long as no Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and seventh , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans for which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the applicable Commitments without giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iii) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (ii) Certain Fees . No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee pursuant to Section 2.11(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (iii) Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Swingline Loans shall be reallocated (effective no later than one Business Day after the Administrative Agent has actual knowledge that such Lender has become a Defaulting Lender) among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Dollar Percentages, Applicable Multicurrency Percentages and Applicable Percentages, as the case may be (in each case calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment), but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment. Subject to Section 9.15 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (iv) Repayment of Swingline Loans . If the reallocation described in clause (iii) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall not later than two Business Days after demand by the Administrative Agent (at the direction of any Swingline Lender), without prejudice to any right or remedy 
 76 Revolving Credit Agreement 

available to it hereunder or under law, (x) prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Lenders Swingline Exposure (which exposure shall be deemed equal to the applicable Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the total outstanding Swingline Exposure (other than Swingline Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof)) or (y) make other arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lenders in their sole discretion to protect them against the risk of non-payment by such Defaulting Lender. 
 (v) Amendments, Waivers and Consents . No Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder or any other Loan Documents and the Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining whether two-thirds (2 3rds) of the Lenders, two-thirds (2 3rds) of the Lenders of a Class, the Required Lenders or the Required Lenders of a Class have taken or may take any action hereunder or any other Loan Documents, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended, and amounts payable to such Defaulting Lender hereunder may not be permanently reduced, without the consent of such Defaulting Lender (other than reductions in fees and interest in which such reduction does not disproportionately affect such Defaulting Lender) 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Swingline Lenders agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), that such former Defaulting Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Swingline Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the applicable Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iii) ), and if any cash collateral has been posted with respect to such Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will promptly return or release such cash collateral to the Borrower, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 (c) New Swingline Loans . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Swingline Lender shall be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied that the participations therein will be fully allocated among Non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with clause (a)(iii) above and the Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein. 
 Section 1.20. Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . 
 (a) Benchmark Replacement Setting. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to any setting of the then-current Benchmark for a Currency, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement for the Term SOFR Reference Rate is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for 
 77 Revolving Credit Agreement 

all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for such Currency for all purposes hereunder and under any other Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising (x) in the case of a Benchmark Replacement for Dollars, the Required Lenders, and (y) in the case of a Benchmark Replacement for any Foreign Currency, the Required Multicurrency Lenders. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis on each Monthly Date. 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (c) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Administrative Agent will notify the Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (d) below and (y) the commencement of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.20 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.20 . 
 (d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark for a Currency is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the applicable Adjusted Term Benchmark Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark for such Currency is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark for such Currency is not or will not be representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings for such Currency at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark for such Currency (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark for such Currency (including a Benchmark Replacement), then 
 78 Revolving Credit Agreement 

the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings for such Currency at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (e) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans in each affected Currency to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Syndicated Borrowing to, or the continuation of any Syndicated Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing, denominated in the affected Currency shall be ineffective and, if the affected Currency is Dollars, such Syndicated Borrowing (unless prepaid) shall be continued as, or converted to a Syndicated ABR Borrowing at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (ii) if the affected Currency is Dollars and any Borrowing Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as a Syndicated ABR Borrowing, (iii) if the affected Currency is a Foreign Currency other than Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in the affected Currency shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency provided, that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing in the affected Currency, at the Borrower s election, shall either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (2) be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, or (3) be prepaid in full immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, and (iv) if the affected Currency is Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate provided, that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing in Canadian Dollars, at the Borrower s election, shall either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate at the end of applicable Interest Period provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period, (2) be converted into a Syndicated ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period, or (3) be prepaid in full at the end of the applicable Interest Period provided that, if no election is made by the Borrower by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term 
 79 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Benchmark Loan, if earlier, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (iii)(B)(1) or (iv)(B)(1) above, as applicable. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Section 1.21. Illegality . If any Change in Law shall make it unlawful or impossible for any Lender to perform any of its obligations hereunder, to make, maintain or fund any RFR Loan or Term Benchmark Loan or to determine or charge interest rates based upon any applicable Daily Simple RFR or Term Benchmark Rate and such Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall give written notice thereof (or telephonic notice, promptly confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and the other Lenders as promptly as practicable thereafter, whereupon until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) the Alternate Base Rate shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (iii) thereof, (ii) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or the continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in the affected Currency shall be ineffective and, if the affected Currency is Dollars, such Borrowing (unless prepaid) shall be continued as, or converted to, an ABR Borrowing either (A) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (B) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, (iii) if the affected Currency is Dollars and any Borrowing Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made as an ABR Borrowing, (iv) if the affected Currency is a Foreign Currency other than Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in the affected Currency shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency provided , that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing in the affected Currency, at the Borrower s election shall either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Agreed Foreign Currency cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, (2) be converted into an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, or (3) be prepaid in full immediately in the case of an RFR Borrowing or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, and (v) if the affected Currency is Canadian Dollars, (A) any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be made as a Term Benchmark Borrowing with a Term Benchmark Rate 
 80 Revolving Credit Agreement 

equal to the Canadian Prime Rate provided , that if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing Request shall be ineffective, and (B) any outstanding Term Benchmark Borrowing in Canadian Dollars, at the Borrower s election, shall either (1) be converted to a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars with a Term Benchmark Rate equal to the Canadian Prime Rate at the end of applicable Interest Period provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Canadian Prime Rate cannot be determined, such Borrowing shall be converted into an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, (2) be converted into an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such affected Currency) either (x) at the end of the applicable Interest Period if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such date or (y) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loan to such date, or (3) be prepaid in full at the end of the applicable Interest Period provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, if earlier, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (iv)(B)(1) or (v)(B)(1) above, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the affected Lender shall, prior to giving such notice to the Administrative Agent, use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office if such designation would avoid the need for giving such notice and if such designation would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in the good faith exercise of its discretion. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15 . 
 Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that 
 Section 1.01. Organization Powers . Each of the Obligors and the Obligors Subsidiaries, is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable. 
 Section 1.02. Authorization Enforceability . The Transactions are within the Borrower s corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, by all necessary shareholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes, and each of the other Loan Documents when executed and delivered by each Obligor party thereto will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws of general applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (b) the application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 
 81 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Section 1.03. Governmental Approvals No Conflicts . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except for (i) such as have been or will be obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) filings and recordings in respect of the Liens created pursuant to this Agreement or the Security Documents, (b) will not violate in any material respect any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a default in any material respect under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any such Person and (d) except for the Liens created pursuant to this Agreement or the Security Documents, will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Section 1.04. Financial Condition No Material Adverse Change . 
 (a) Financial Statements . The consolidated financial statements of the Borrower delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(f) , 5.01(a)(i) and 5.01(a)(ii) present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and for such period in accordance with GAAP. 
 (b) No Material Adverse Change . Since the date of the most recent Applicable Financial Statements, there has not been any Material Adverse Change. 
 Section 1.05. Litigation . There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority now pending against or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions (other than any action brought by the Borrower against a Defaulting Lender). 
 Section 1.06. Compliance with Laws and Agreements . Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any contract or other arrangement, the performance of which by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 1.07. Taxes . Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Person has set aside on its books adequate reserves maintained in accordance with GAAP or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 1.08. ERISA . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 82 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Section 1.09. Disclosure . As of the Effective Date, the Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information (other than projected financial information, other forward looking information and information of a general economic or general industry nature) furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or delivered hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when taken as a whole (and after giving effect to all updates, modifications and supplements) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided that with respect to projected financial information and other forward looking information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 
 Section 1.10. Investment Company Act Margin Regulations . 
 (a) Status as Business Development Company . The Borrower has elected to be regulated as a business development company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act and has elected to be treated, and has qualified, as a RIC. 
 (b) Compliance with Investment Company Act . The business and other activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the making of the Loans hereunder, the application of the proceeds and repayment thereof by the Borrower and the consummation of the Transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not result in a violation or breach in any material respect of the provisions of the Investment Company Act or any rules, regulations or orders issued by the SEC thereunder, in each case that are applicable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 (c) Investment Policies . The Borrower is in compliance in all respects with the Investment Policies, except to the extent that the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) Use of Credit . Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. 
 Section 1.11. Material Indebtedness and Liens . 
 (a) Material Indebtedness . Set forth on Schedule 3.11(a) is a complete and correct list, as of the Effective Date, of each credit agreement, loan agreement, indenture, note purchase agreement, guarantee, letter of credit or other arrangement providing for or otherwise relating to any Indebtedness or any extension of credit (or commitment for any extension of credit) to, or guarantee by, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries outstanding (other than Indebtedness hereunder or under any other Loan Document), and the aggregate principal or face amount outstanding or that is, or may become, outstanding under each such arrangement, in each case, as of the Effective Date, is correctly described in Schedule 3.11(a) . 
 (b) Liens . Set forth on Schedule 3.11(b) is a complete and correct list, as of the Effective Date, of each Lien securing Indebtedness of any Person outstanding on the Effective Date (other than Indebtedness hereunder or under any other Loan Document) covering 
 83 Revolving Credit Agreement 

any property of any Obligor, and the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness secured (or that may be secured) by each such Lien and the property covered by each such Lien as of the Effective Date is correctly described in Schedule 3.11(b) . 
 Section 1.12. Subsidiaries and Investments . 
 (a) Subsidiaries . Set forth on Schedule 3.12(a) is a list of the Borrower s Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date. 
 (b) Investments . Set forth on Schedule 3.12(b) is a complete and correct list, as of the Effective Date, of all Investments (other than Investments of the types referred to in clauses (a) , (c) , (d) , (g) and (h) of Section 6.04 held by any Obligor in any Person on the Effective Date and, for each such Investment, (x) the identity of the Person or Persons holding such Investment and (y) the nature of such Investment. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.12(b) , each of the Obligors owned, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens created pursuant to this Agreement or the Security Documents and Permitted Liens), all such Investments held by it as of the Effective Date. 
 Section 1.13. Properties . 
 (a) Title Generally . Each of the Obligors has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes. 
 (b) Intellectual Property . Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than any Financing Subsidiary) owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than any Financing Subsidiary) does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 1.14. Affiliate Agreements . As of the Effective Date, the Borrower has heretofore delivered to the Administrative Agent true and complete copies of each of the Affiliate Agreements (including schedules and exhibits thereto, and any amendments, supplements or waivers executed and delivered thereunder) as in effect on the Effective Date. As of the Effective Date, each of the Affiliate Agreements is in full force and effect. 
 Section 1.15. Sanctions . 
 (a) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, authorized signors or Affiliates is a Sanctioned Person. 
 (b) The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure continued compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and investment advisors with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents (acting on their behalf), are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 Section 1.16. PATRIOT Act . Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance, to the extent applicable, with the PATRIOT Act and the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or 
 84 Revolving Credit Agreement 

executive order relating thereto. No part of the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, indirectly, in violation of Section 5.09 . 
 Section 1.17. Collateral Documents . The provisions of the Security Documents are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent a legal, valid and enforceable first priority Lien (subject to Liens permitted by Section 6.02 on all right, title and interest of the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor in the Collateral described therein. Except for filings completed on or prior to the Effective Date or as contemplated hereby and by the Security Documents, no filing or other action will be necessary to perfect such Liens to the extent required thereunder. 
 Section 1.18. EEA Financial Institutions . Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Article IV CONDITIONS 
 Section 1.01. Effective Date . The effectiveness of this Agreement and of the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall not become effective until satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent (unless a condition shall have been waived in accordance with Section 9.02 
 (a) Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following documents, each of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (and to the extent specified below to each Lender) in form and substance 
 (i) Executed Counterparts . From each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic (e.g. pdf) transmission of a signed signature page to this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Opinion of Counsel to the Obligors . A favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of DLA Piper LLP, New York counsel for the Obligors (and the Borrower hereby instructs such counsel to deliver such opinion to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent). 
 (iii) Corporate Documents . Such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of each of the Obligors, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Obligors, this Agreement or the Transactions. 
 (iv) Officer s Certificate . A certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, the Chief Executive Officer, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in clauses (a) , (b) and (c) of Section 4.02 . 
 (v) Guarantee and Security Agreement . The Guarantee and Security Agreement, duly executed and delivered by each of the parties thereto. 
 85 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(vi) Account Control Agreement . Account control agreement, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower, Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC, the Collateral Agent, the Custodian, the Document Custodian and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as securities intermediary. 
 (vii) Borrowing Base Certificate . A Borrowing Base Certificate showing a calculation of the Borrowing Base as of the Effective Date with the Value of each Portfolio Investment determined as of June 30, 2023. 
 (b) Liens . The Administrative Agent shall have received results of a recent lien search in each relevant jurisdiction with respect to the Obligors, confirming that each financing statement in respect of the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent to be created pursuant to the Security Documents will be prior to all other financing statements or other interests reflected therein (other than any financing statement or interest in respect of liens permitted under Section 6.02 or Liens to be discharged on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). All UCC financing statements and similar documents required to be filed in order to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties (as such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement), a first priority perfected security interest in the Collateral (to the extent that such a security interest may be perfected by a filing under the Uniform Commercial Code) shall have been properly filed in each jurisdiction required (or arrangements for such filings acceptable to the Collateral Agent shall have been made). 
 (c) Consents . The Borrower shall have obtained and delivered to the Administrative Agent certified copies of all consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations, or filings required to be made or obtained by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors in connection with the Transactions and any transaction being financed with the proceeds of the Loans, and such consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations, filings and orders shall be in full force and effect and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired and no investigation or inquiry by any Governmental Authority shall be ongoing. 
 (d) Fees and Expenses . The Borrower shall have paid in full to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all reasonable and documented fees and expenses related to the Loan Documents (including the fees set forth in the Fee Letter) owing on the Effective Date, which may be net from any Borrowing made on the Effective Date. 
 (e) Know Your Customer Documentation . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received, sufficiently in advance of the Effective Date (i) all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act and (ii) to the extent that the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the requirements of the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower. 
 (f) Financial Statements . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the audited consolidated statement of assets and liabilities, statement of operations, statement of changes in net assets, statement of cash flows and schedule of investments of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower, and (ii) the unaudited consolidated statement of assets and liabilities, statement of operations, statement of changes in net assets, statement of cash flows and schedule of investments of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023. 
 86 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(g) Valuation Policy . The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of the Valuation Policy. 
 (h) Other Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 1.02. Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make any Loan is additionally subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (a) the representations and warranties of the Obligors set forth in this Agreement and in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation or warranty already subject to a materiality qualifier, true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of such Loan, or, as to any such representation or warranty that refers to a specific date, as of such specific date 
 (b) at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Loan, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing and 
 (c) either (i) the Covered Debt Amount (after giving effect to such extension of credit and any Concurrent Transaction) shall not exceed the Borrowing Base reflected on the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent or (ii) the Borrower shall have delivered an updated Borrowing Base Certificate demonstrating that the Covered Debt Amount (after giving effect to such extension of credit and any Concurrent Transaction) shall not exceed the Borrowing Base after giving effect to such extension of credit and any Concurrent Transaction. 
 Each Borrowing shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in the preceding sentence. 
 Article V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 Section 1.01. Financial Statements and Other Information . 
 (a) The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender) 
 (i) within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such longer time period as permitted by the SEC, not to exceed one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower), the audited consolidated statement of assets and liabilities, statement of operations, statement of changes in net assets, statement of cash flows and schedule of investments of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by independent public accountants of recognized national standing to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated 
 87 Revolving Credit Agreement 

basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied provided that the requirements set forth in this clause (a) may be fulfilled by providing to the Administrative Agent the report of the Borrower to the SEC on Form 10-K for the applicable fiscal year 
 (ii) within forty five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower (or such longer time period as permitted by the SEC, not to exceed seventy-five (75) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower), the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities, statement of operations, statement of changes in net assets, statement of cash flows and schedule of investments of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (or as of the end of, as applicable) the corresponding period or periods of the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer of the Borrower as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes provided that the requirements set forth in this clause (b) may be fulfilled by providing to the Administrative Agent the report of the Borrower to the SEC on Form 10-Q for the applicable quarterly period 
 (iii) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (i) or (ii) of this Section 5.01(a) , a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying that such statements are consistent with the financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC, (ii) certifying as to whether the Borrower has knowledge that a Default or Event of Default has occurred during the period covered by such financial statements and, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing during such period (or has occurred and is continuing from a prior period), specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (iii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating whether the Borrower is in compliance with Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.04 and 6.07 and (iv) stating whether any change in GAAP as applied by (or in the application of GAAP by) the Borrower has occurred since the Effective Date (but only if the Borrower has not previously reported such change to the Administrative Agent), and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate 
 (iv) as soon as available and in any event not later than twenty (20) days after the end of each monthly accounting period (ending on the last day of each calendar month) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, a Borrowing Base Certificate as at the last day of such accounting period 
 (v) promptly but no later than five (5) Business Days after any Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall at any time have knowledge that there is a Borrowing Base Deficiency, a Borrowing Base Certificate as at the date such Responsible Officer of the Borrower has knowledge of such Borrowing Base Deficiency indicating the amount of the Borrowing Base Deficiency as at the date such Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtained knowledge of such deficiency and the amount of the Borrowing Base Deficiency as of the date not earlier than one (1) Business Day prior to the date the Borrowing Base Certificate is delivered pursuant to this clause (e) 
 88 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(vi) promptly upon receipt thereof copies of all significant reports submitted to the management or board of directors of the Borrower by the Borrower s independent public accountants in connection with each annual, interim or special audit or review of any type of the financial statements or related internal control systems of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (vii) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, as the case may be and 
 (viii) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request, and which the Borrower or applicable Subsidiary has or can obtain without unreasonable expense or effort, including such documents and information requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender that are reasonably required in order to comply with know-your-customer and other anti-terrorism, anti-money laundering and similar rules and regulations and related policies and procedures. 
 (b) The Borrower and each Lender acknowledge that certain of the Lenders may be Public Lenders and, if documents or notices required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 or otherwise are being distributed through DebtDomain or another relevant website or other information platform (the Platform ), any document or notice that the Borrower has indicated contains Non-Public Information shall not be posted by the Administrative Agent on that portion of the Platform designated for such Public Lenders. The Borrower agrees to clearly designate all information provided to the Administrative Agent by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which is suitable to make available to Public Lenders. If the Borrower has not indicated whether a document or notice delivered pursuant to this Section 5.01 contains Non-Public Information, the Administrative Agent reserves the right to post such document or notice solely on that portion of the Platform designated for Lenders who wish to receive material Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their Securities (as such term is defined in Section 5.13 of this Agreement). 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the requirements to deliver documents set forth in Sections 5.01(a)(i) , (ii) and (vii) will be fulfilled by filing by the Borrower of the applicable documents for public availability on the SEC s Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval system. 
 Section 1.02. Notices of Material Events . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender) prompt written notice upon any Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge of the following 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default (unless the Borrower first became aware of such Default from a notice delivered by the Administrative Agent) 
 (b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 89 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred after the Effective Date, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (d) any other development (excluding matters of a general economic, financial or political nature to the extent that they would not reasonably be expected to have a disproportionate effect on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section 5.02 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 Section 1.03. Existence Conduct of Business . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 . 
 Section 1.04. Payment of Obligations . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including income tax and other tax liabilities and material contractual obligations, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 1.05. Maintenance of Properties Insurance . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
 Section 1.06. Books and Records Inspection and Audit Rights . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep books of record and account in accordance with GAAP. The Borrower will, and will cause each other Obligor to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice to the Borrower, to visit and inspect its properties during business hours, to examine and make copies of its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested, in each case, to the extent such inspection or requests for such information are reasonable and such information can be provided or discussed without violation of law, rule, regulation or contract provided that (i) the Borrower or such other Obligor shall be entitled to have its representatives and advisors present during any inspection of its books and records and (ii) unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower s obligation to reimburse any costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with any such inspections shall be limited to one inspection per calendar year under this Section 5.06 and Section 7.01(a)(ii) of the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 
 Section 1.07. Compliance with Laws . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with all laws, rules, regulations, including the 
 90 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Investment Company Act, and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower will, and will cause its Subsidiaries to, conduct its business and other activities in compliance in all material respects with the provisions of the Investment Company Act and any applicable rules, regulations or orders issued by the SEC thereunder. The Borrower shall maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and investment advisors with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 Section 1.08. Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries Further Assurances . 
 (a) Subsidiary Guarantors . In the event that (i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor shall form or acquire any new Subsidiary (other than a Financing Subsidiary, an Immaterial Subsidiary, a Foreign Subsidiary or a Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary), or (ii) any Financing Subsidiary, Immaterial Subsidiary, Foreign Subsidiary or Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary shall no longer constitute a Financing Subsidiary , Immaterial Subsidiary , Foreign Subsidiary or Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary as applicable, pursuant to the definition thereof (in which case such Person shall be deemed to be a new Subsidiary for purposes of this Section 5.08 as of such date), the Borrower will within thirty (30) days thereof (or such longer period as shall be reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent) cause such new Subsidiary to become a Subsidiary Guarantor (and, thereby, an Obligor under the Guarantee and Security Agreement pursuant to a Guarantee Assumption Agreement and to deliver such proof of corporate or other action, incumbency of officers, opinions of counsel and other documents as is consistent with those delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.01 on the Effective Date or as the Administrative Agent shall have reasonably requested. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower may elect to cause any of its Financing Subsidiaries or Immaterial Subsidiaries to become an Obligor by causing such Person to become a Subsidiary Guarantor and executing and delivering a Guarantee Assumption Agreement and other deliverables as required for a Subsidiary Guarantor under this Section 5.08(a) (at which point such Person shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor and shall no longer be a Financing Subsidiary or an Immaterial Subsidiary). 
 (b) Ownership of Subsidiaries . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take such action from time to time as shall be necessary to ensure that such Subsidiary is a wholly-owned Subsidiary provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any transaction permitted under Section 6.03 or 6.04 , so long as after giving effect to such permitted transaction each of the remaining Subsidiaries of the Borrower is a wholly-owned Subsidiary. 
 (c) Further Assurances . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, take such action from time to time (including filing appropriate Uniform Commercial Code financing statements and executing and delivering such assignments, security agreements and other instruments) as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to effectuate the purposes and objectives of this Agreement, including 
 (i) to create, in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (as such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement), perfected security interests and Liens in the Collateral provided that any such security interest or Lien shall be subject to the relevant requirements of the Security Documents 
 (ii) in the case of any portfolio investment held by a Financing Subsidiary or an Immaterial Subsidiary, including any cash collection related thereto, to ensure that such portfolio investment shall not be held in the account of any Obligor subject to a control agreement among such Obligor, the Collateral 
 91 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Agent and the Custodian delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document 
 (iii) in the case of any Investment consisting of a Bank Loan (as defined in Section 5.13 that does not constitute all of the credit extended to the underlying borrower under the relevant underlying loan documents and a Financing Subsidiary or Immaterial Subsidiary holds any interest in the loans or other extensions of credit under such loan documents, (x) to cause such Financing Subsidiary or Immaterial Subsidiary to be party to such underlying loan documents as a lender having a direct interest (or a participation not acquired from an Obligor) in such underlying loan documents and the extensions of credit thereunder and (y) to ensure that all amounts owing to such Obligor by the underlying borrower or other obligated party are remitted by such borrower or obligated party (or the applicable administrative agents, collateral agents or equivalent Person) directly to separate accounts of such Obligor and no other amounts owing by such underlying borrower or obligated party are remitted to the accounts of such Obligor 
 (iv) in the event that any Obligor is acting as an agent or administrative agent under any loan documents with respect to any Bank Loan that does not constitute all of the credit extended to the underlying borrower under the relevant underlying loan documents, to ensure that all funds held by such Obligor in such capacity as agent or administrative agent is segregated from all other funds of such Obligor and clearly identified as being held in an agency capacity and 
 (v) at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default, upon the written request of the Administrative Agent, to cause copies of the closing sets and all executed amendments, consents, forbearances and other modifications and assignment agreements relating to any Investment and any other documents relating to any Investment requested by the Collateral Agent, in each case to the extent in the possession of an Obligor (provided that the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain copies of any such documents not in the possession of such Obligor), in each case, to be held by the Collateral Agent or a Document Custodian pursuant to the terms of a Document Custodian Agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 Section 1.09. Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans only for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the acquisition and funding (either directly or through one or more wholly-owned Subsidiaries) of leveraged loans, mezzanine loans, high-yield securities, convertible securities, preferred stock, common stock and other Investments provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any responsibility as to the use of any of such proceeds. No part of the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder will be used in violation of applicable law or, directly or indirectly, for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying any Margin Stock. Margin Stock shall be purchased by the Obligors only with the proceeds of Indebtedness not directly or indirectly secured by Margin Stock, or with the proceeds of equity capital of the Borrower. Without limiting the foregoing, no Obligor will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any extension of credit hereunder, (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment or giving of many, or anything else of value to any Person in violation by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or US or UK regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions or any other applicable anti-corruption law (collectively, the Anti-Corruption 
 92 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Laws ), (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, business or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or (iii) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 Section 1.10. Status of RIC and BDC . The Borrower shall, at all times, subject to applicable grace periods set forth in the Code, maintain its status as a RIC under the Code. The Borrower shall at all times maintain its status as a business development company under the Investment Company Act. 
 Section 1.11. Investment Policies . The Borrower shall at all times be in compliance in all material respects with its Investment Policies (after giving effect to any Permitted Policy Amendments). 
 Section 1.12. Portfolio Valuation and Diversification Etc . 
 (a) Industry Classification Groups . For purposes of this Agreement, the Borrower shall assign each Portfolio Investment to an Industry Classification Group. To the extent that any Portfolio Investment is not adequately correlated with the risks of other Portfolio Investments in an Industry Classification Group, such Portfolio Investment may be assigned by the Borrower to an Industry Classification Group that is more closely correlated to such Portfolio Investment. In the absence of any adequate correlation, the Borrower shall be permitted, upon prior notice to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender), to create up to three additional industry classification groups for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (b) Portfolio Valuation Etc . 
 (i) Settlement Date Basis . For purposes of this Agreement, all determinations of whether an investment is to be included as a Portfolio Investment shall be determined on a settlement-date basis (meaning that any investment that has been purchased will not be treated as a Portfolio Investment until such purchase has settled, and any Portfolio Investment which has been sold will not be excluded as a Portfolio Investment until such sale has settled) provided that no such investment shall be included as a Portfolio Investment to the extent it has not been paid for in full. 
 (ii) Determination of Values . The Borrower will conduct reviews of the value to be assigned to each of its Portfolio Investments as follows 
 (A) Quoted Investments - External Review . With respect to Portfolio Investments (including Cash Equivalents) for which market quotations are readily available and that are traded in an active and orderly market as determined by the Borrower (each, a Quoted Investment ), the Borrower shall, not less frequently than once each calendar month, determine the market value of such Quoted Investments which shall, in each case, be determined in accordance with one of the following methodologies (as selected by the Borrower) 
 (w) in the case of public and 144A securities, the average of the bid prices as determined by two Approved Dealers selected by the Borrower, 
 93 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(x) in the case of Bank Loans, the bid price as determined by one Approved Dealer or Approved Pricing Service selected by the Borrower, 
 (y) in the case of any Quoted Investment traded on an exchange, the closing price for such Quoted Investment most recently posted on such exchange, and 
 (z) in the case of any other Quoted Investment, the fair market value thereof as determined by an Approved Pricing Service selected by the Borrower and 
 (B) Unquoted Investments - External Review . With respect to each Portfolio Investment that is not a Quoted Investment (each, an Unquoted Investment ), the Borrower shall, no later than one Business Day after the filing date of the most recent report of the Borrower to the SEC on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q, assign a value to such Unquoted Investment in a manner consistent with its Valuation Policy as of the last day of each fiscal quarter (each, a Testing Quarter provided that the Borrower shall request an Approved Third-Party Appraiser to assist the board of directors of the Borrower (or the External Manager, so long as it has the necessary delegated authority) in determining the fair market value as of the last day of each Testing Quarter of no less than 50 of the aggregate number of all Unquoted Investments that have not been acquired during such Testing Quarter provided , further, that 
 (x) the Value of any such Unquoted Investment acquired during a fiscal quarter shall be deemed to be equal to the cost of such Unquoted Investment until such time as the fair market value of such Unquoted Investment is determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this subclause (B) and 
 (y) the Value of any Unquoted Investment for which an Approved Third-Party Appraiser has not assisted the Borrower in determining the fair market value of such Unquoted Investment during the four immediately preceding Testing Quarters shall be zero until the fair market value of such Unquoted Investment shall have been determined by an Approved Third-Party Appraiser. 
 (C) Internal Review . The Borrower shall conduct internal reviews of all Portfolio Investments at least once each calendar week which shall take into account any events of which any Responsible Officer of the Borrower has knowledge that materially adversely affect the value of the Portfolio Investments. If the value of any Portfolio Investment as most recently determined by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 5.12(b)(ii)(C) is lower than the value of such Portfolio Investment as most recently determined pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(A) and (B) , such lower value shall be deemed to be the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes hereof. 
 (D) Failure to Determine Values . If the Borrower shall fail to determine the value of any Portfolio Investment as at any date pursuant to the requirements of the foregoing subclause (A) , (B) or (C) , then the 
 94 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Value of such Portfolio Investment as at such date shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of the Borrowing Base until such time as the value of such Portfolio Investment is otherwise determined or reviewed, as applicable, in accordance herewith. 
 (E) Initial Value of Assets . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, from the Effective Date until the date when the first valuation reports are required to be delivered hereunder, the Value of any Portfolio Investment included in the Borrowing Base with respect to the Borrower shall be the Value as determined in a manner consistent with Section 5.12(b)(ii)(C) and as delivered to the Collateral Agent on or prior to the Effective Date. 
 (F) Testing of Values . 
 (x) In the second calendar month immediately following the end of each fiscal quarter (as of any date of determination, the last such fiscal quarter is referred to herein as, the Testing Period ), the Administrative Agent shall cause an Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser to value such number of Unquoted Investments (selected by the Administrative Agent) that collectively have an aggregate Value approximately equal to the Calculation Amount. The Administrative Agent agrees to notify the Borrower of the Unquoted Investments selected by the Administrative Agent to be tested in each Testing Period. If there is a difference between the Borrower s valuation and the Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser s valuation of any Unquoted Investment, the Value of such Unquoted Investment for Borrowing Base purposes shall be established as set forth in subclause (G) of this Section 5.12(b)(ii) . 
 (y) For the avoidance of doubt, the valuation of any Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser will not be as of, or delivered at, the end of any fiscal quarter. Any such valuation would be as of the end of the second calendar month immediately following any fiscal quarter and, if such valuation is established as the Value of such Unquoted Investment pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(G) , such Value shall be reflected in the Borrowing Base Certificate for such month if such Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser delivers such valuation at least seven (7) Business Days before the twentieth (20 th day after the end of the applicable monthly accounting period and, if such valuation is delivered after such time, it shall be included in the Borrowing Base Certificate for the following monthly period and applied to the then applicable balance of the related Portfolio Investment. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, all calculations of value pursuant to this Section 5.12(b)(ii)(F) shall be determined without application of the Advance Rates. 
 (G) Valuation Dispute Resolution . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall at any time have the right to request, in its reasonable discretion, any Unquoted Investment be independently valued by an Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser. There 
 95 Revolving Credit Agreement 

shall be no limit on the number of such appraisals requested by the Administrative Agent and the costs of any such valuation shall be at the expense of the Borrower provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower s obligations to reimburse valuation costs incurred by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 5.12(b)(ii)(G) (excluding any valuation costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent as a result of a regulatory directive) shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the greater of 150,000 and 0.1 of the aggregate Commitments (the IVP Supplemental Cap in any twelve month period. If the Borrower s valuation pursuant to subclause (B) of this Section 5.12(b)(ii) exceeds the valuation of any Approved Third-Party Appraiser selected by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subclauses (F) or (G) of this Section 5.12(b)(ii) , and such difference is (1) less than 5 of the Borrower s value thereof, then the Borrower s valuation shall be used, (2) between 5 and 20 of the Borrower s value thereof, then the valuation of such Portfolio Investment shall be the average of the value determined by the Borrower and the value determined by the Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser and (3) greater than 20 of the Borrower s value thereof, then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall select an additional Approved Third-Party Appraiser and the valuation of such Portfolio Investment shall be the average of the three valuations (with the Administrative Agent s Approved Third-Party Appraiser s valuation to be used until the third valuation is obtained). 
 (iii) Generally Applicable Valuation Provisions . 
 (A) Each Approved Third-Party Appraiser and Agent-Selected Third-Party Appraiser shall apply a recognized valuation methodology that is commonly accepted in the Borrower s industry for valuing Portfolio Investments of the type being valued and held by the Obligors. Other procedures relating to the valuation will be reasonably agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 (B) For the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(B) the value of any Portfolio Investments determined in accordance with any provision of this Section 5.12 shall be the Value of such Portfolio Investment for purposes of this Agreement until a new Value for such Portfolio Investment is subsequently required to be determined in good faith in accordance with this Section 5.12 . 
 (C) The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of its receipt of the final results of any valuation of an Approved Third-Party Appraiser selected by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subclauses (F) or (G) of this Section 5.12(b)(ii) promptly upon its receipt thereof and shall provide a copy of such results and the related report to the Borrower promptly upon the Borrower s request. 
 (D) The foregoing valuation procedures shall only be required to be used for purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base and shall not be required to be utilized by the Borrower for any other purposes, including, without limitation, the delivery of financial statements or valuations required under ASC820 or the Investment Company Act or otherwise. 
 (c) RIC Diversification Requirements . The Borrower will, and will cause its Subsidiaries (other than Financing Subsidiaries that are exempt from the Investment Company 
 96 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Act) to, in each case subject to applicable grace periods set forth in the Code, comply with the portfolio diversification requirements set forth in the Code applicable to RICs, to the extent applicable (including for Subsidiaries that are disregarded for federal tax purposes). 
 Section 1.13. Calculation of Borrowing Base . For purposes of this Agreement, the Borrowing Base shall be determined, as at any date of determination, as the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (x) the Value of each Portfolio Investment and (y) the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment, provided that 
 (a) if (i) after the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio as of such date is (A) greater than or equal to 2.00 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a consolidated group of corporations or other entities (collectively, a Consolidated Group in accordance with GAAP exceeding 6 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 50 of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate (B) less than 2.00 1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a Consolidated Group in accordance with GAAP exceeding 5 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 50 of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate or (C) less than 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a Consolidated Group in accordance with GAAP exceeding 4 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 50 of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate or (ii) on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio as of such date is (A) greater than or equal to 2.00 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a Consolidated Group in accordance with GAAP exceeding 6 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 75 of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate (B) less than 2.00 1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a Consolidated Group in accordance with GAAP exceeding 5 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 75 of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate or (C) less than 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a Consolidated Group in accordance with GAAP exceeding 4 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 75 of the otherwise applicable Advance Rate 
 (b) if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a Consolidated Group in accordance with GAAP exceeding 12 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 0 (ii) less than 2.00 1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a Consolidated Group in accordance with GAAP exceeding 10 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base shall be 0 or (iii) less than 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base of all issuers in a Consolidated Group in accordance with GAAP exceeding 8 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 0 
 (c) if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in any single Industry Classification 
 97 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Group that exceeds 25 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 0 , provided that, with respect to Portfolio Investments in a single Industry Classification Group from time to time designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, such 25 figure shall be increased to 30 , (ii) less than 2.00 1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 20 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 0 , provided that, with respect to Portfolio Investments in a single Industry Classification Group from time to time designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, such 20 figure shall be increased to 25 , or (iii) less than 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the aggregate Value of the Portfolio Investments included in the Borrowing Base in any single Industry Classification Group that exceeds 20 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments in the Borrowing Base, shall be 0 
 (d) if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) greater than or equal to 2.00 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the Borrowing Value of Non-Core Investments shall be 0 to the extent necessary so that no more than 20 of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments, (ii) less than 2.00 1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the Borrowing Value of Non-Core Investments shall be 0 to the extent necessary so that no more than 10 of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments or (iii) less than 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the Borrowing Value of Non-Core Investments shall be 0 to the extent necessary so that no more than 5 of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments 
 (e) if, as of such date, the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is (i) less than 2.00 1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to that portion of the Borrowing Value of Junior Investments and Non-Core Investments shall be 0 to the extent necessary so that no more than 30 of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments or (ii) less than 1.75 1.00, the Advance Rate applicable to the portion of the Borrowing Value of Junior Investments and Non-Core Investments shall be 0 to the extent necessary so that no more than 20 of the Borrowing Base is attributable to such investments 
 (f) no more than 10 of the Borrowing Base may be attributable to Equity Interests 
 (g) the portion of the Borrowing Base attributable to Portfolio Investments issued by any Person domiciled outside the United States (including all of its territories and possessions), Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden shall not exceed 5 without the consent of the Administrative Agent and 
 (h) if, as of such date, (i)(A) the Borrowing Base (without giving effect to any adjustment required pursuant to this paragraph (h) , the Gross Borrowing Base is less than 1.5 times the Senior Debt Amount and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 2.00 1.00 and greater than or equal to 1.75 1.00, then the Borrowing Base shall be reduced to the extent necessary such that the contribution of Senior Investments to the Borrowing Base may not be less than 60 of the Covered Debt Amount, (ii)(A) the Gross Borrowing Base is less than 1.5 times the Senior Debt Amount and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 1.75 1.00, then the Borrowing Base shall be reduced to the extent necessary such that the contribution of Senior Investments to the Borrowing Base may not be less than 75 of the Covered Debt Amount or (iii)(A) the Gross Borrowing Base is greater than or equal to 1.5 times the Senior Debt Amount and (B) the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio is less than 1.75 1.00, then the Borrowing Base shall be reduced to the extent necessary such that the contribution of Senior Investments to the Borrowing Base may not be less than 25 of the Covered Debt Amount. 
 98 Revolving Credit Agreement 

No Portfolio Investment may be included in the Borrowing Base until such time as such Portfolio Investment has been Delivered (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) to the Collateral Agent, and then only for so long as such Portfolio Investment continues to be Delivered as contemplated therein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the failure to Deliver (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) any Portfolio Investment or other Collateral shall not be a Default or Event of Default, except for any failure that would constitute an Event of Default under clause (p) of Article VII . Voting stock of any Controlled Foreign Corporation in excess of 65 of the issued and outstanding voting stock of such Controlled Foreign Corporation shall not be included as a Portfolio Investment for purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base. 
 The Borrower shall from time to time deliver a Borrowing Base Certificate to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as provided in Sections 4.01(a)(vii) , 4.02(c)(ii), 5.01(a)(iv) , 5.01(a)(v) and 6.05(e) . 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (a) to avoid double-counting of excess concentrations, any Advance Rate reductions set forth under this Section 5.13 shall be without duplication of any other such Advance Rate reductions and (b) to the extent the Borrowing Base is required to be reduced to comply with this Section 5.13 , the Borrower shall be permitted to choose the Portfolio Investments to be excluded from the Borrowing Base to effect such reduction. 
 As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings 
 Advance Rate means, as to any Portfolio Investment as of any date and subject to adjustment as provided in Sections 5.13(a) through (h) , as applicable, and as provided below based on the Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio as of such date, the following percentages with respect to such Portfolio Investment 
 Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio 2.00 1.00 2.00 1.00 Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio 1.75 1.00 1.75 1.00 Relevant Asset Coverage Ratio 1.50 1.00 Portfolio Investment Quoted Unquoted Quoted Unquoted Quoted Unquoted Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term U.S. Government Securities 100 n.a. 100 n.a. 100 n.a. Long-Term U.S. Government Securities 95 n.a. 95 n.a. 95 n.a. Performing First Lien Bank Loans 85 75 85 75 85 75 Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans 85 75 80 70 75 65 Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans 80 70 75 65 70 60 
 99 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Performing Second Lien Bank Loans 75 65 70 60 65 55 Performing Cash Pay High 
 Yield Securities 
 70 60 65 55 60 50 Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments 65 55 60 50 55 45 Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities 60 50 55 45 50 40 Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments 55 45 50 40 45 35 Performing Preferred Equity 55 45 50 40 45 35 Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans 45 45 40 40 35 35 Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans 45 45 40 40 35 35 Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans 40 35 35 30 30 25 Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans 40 30 35 25 30 20 Non-Performing High Yield Securities 30 30 25 25 20 20 Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments 30 25 25 20 20 20 Performing Common Equity 30 20 25 20 20 20 Non-Performing Preferred Equity 0 0 0 0 0 0 Non-Performing Common Equity 0 0 0 0 0 0 Structured Finance Obligations and Finance Leases 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 100 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Bank Loans means debt obligations (including term loans, notes, revolving loans, DIP Loans (other than Non-Performing DIP Loans), the funded and unfunded portion of delayed draw term loans, revolving credit lines and letter of credit facilities and other similar loans and investments including interim loans, bridge loans and senior subordinated loans) which are provided under a loan or credit facility (whether or not syndicated), note purchase agreement or other similar financing arrangement facility. 
 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq . 
 Capital Stock has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01 . 
 Cash has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01 . 
 Cash Equivalents has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01 . 
 Cash Pay Bank Loan means any First Lien Bank Loan, First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan, First Lien Last Out Bank Loan or Second Lien Bank Loan as to which, at the time of determination, not less than two-third (2 3rds) of the interest (including accretions and pay-in-kind interest) for the current period is payable in cash at least semi-annually. 
 DIP Loan means a loan made to a debtor-in-possession pursuant to Section 364 of the Bankruptcy Code having the priority allowed by either Section 364(c) or 364(d) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 Equity Interests has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01 . 
 First Lien Bank Loan means a Bank Loan that is entitled to the benefit of a first lien and first priority perfected security interest (subject to any Permitted Prior Working Capital Lien and other customary encumbrances) on a substantial portion of the assets of the respective borrower and guarantors obligated in respect thereof, provided that (x) any First Lien Bank Loan that is also a First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan shall be treated for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate as a First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan and (y) any First Lien Bank Loan that is also a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan shall be treated for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate as a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that, and only for so long as, any Permitted Prior Working Capital Lien exceeds the amount permitted under clause (iii) of the definition thereof, an Obligor s investment in such applicable Bank Loan shall be treated as a Second Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement. 
 First Lien Last Out Bank Loan means a First Lien Bank Loan, a portion of which is, in effect, subject to debt subordination and priority rights of other lenders following an event of default (such portion, a last out portion) provided , that the aggregate principal amount of the last out portion of such Bank Loan is at least 50 of the aggregate principal amount of any first out portion of such Bank Loan provided , further that the underlying obligor with respect to such Bank Loan shall have a ratio of first lien debt (including the first out portion of such Bank Loan, but excluding the last out portion of such Bank Loan) to EBITDA that does not exceed 3.25 1.00 and a ratio of aggregate first lien debt (including both the first out portion and the last out portion of such Bank Loan) to EBITDA that does not exceed 5.25 1.00. An Obligor s investment in the last out portion of a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan shall be treated as a First Lien Last Out Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, an Obligor s investment in the portion of such Bank Loan that is not the last out portion (the first out portion) shall be treated as a First Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining 
 101 Revolving Credit Agreement 

the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement and whether such Portfolio Investment constitutes a Senior Investment under this Agreement, and an Obligor s investment in any last out portion of a First Lien Bank Loan that does not meet the foregoing criteria shall be treated as a Second Lien Bank Loan for purposes of determining the applicable Advance Rate for such Portfolio Investment under this Agreement and whether such Portfolio Investment constitutes a Senior Investment under this Agreement. 
 First Lien Unitranche Bank Loan means a First Lien Bank Loan with a ratio of first lien debt to EBITDA that exceeds 5.25 1.00, and where the underlying borrower does not also have a Second Lien Bank Loan outstanding. 
 High Yield Securities means debt Securities (a) issued by public or private issuers, (b) issued pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereunder) and (c) that are not Cash Equivalents, Mezzanine Investments (described under clause (i) of the definition thereof) or Bank Loans. 
 Junior Investments means any Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities and Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 
 Long-Term U.S. Government Securities means U.S. Government Securities maturing more than one (1) month from the applicable date of determination. 
 Mezzanine Investments means debt Securities (including convertible debt Securities (other than the in-the-money equity component thereof)) that are (a) issued by public or private issuers, (b) issued without registration under the Securities Act, (c) not issued pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act (or any successor provision thereunder) or other exemption to the Securities Act , (d) not Cash Equivalents and (e) contractually subordinated in right of payment to other debt of the same issuer. 
 Non-Core Investments means, collectively, (a) Performing Common Equity, (b) Performing Preferred Equity, (c) Non-Performing Bank Loans, (d) Non-Performing High Yield Securities, (e) Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments, (f) Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities, and (g) Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 
 Non-Performing Bank Loans means, collectively, Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans, Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans and Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans. 
 Non-Performing Common Equity means Capital Stock (other than Preferred Equity) and warrants of an issuer having any debt outstanding that is non-Performing. 
 Non-Performing DIP Loans means DIP Loans other than Performing DIP Loans. 
 Non-Performing First Lien Bank Loans means First Lien Bank Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Performing DIP Loans) other than Performing First Lien Bank Loans. 
 Non-Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans means First Lien Last Out Bank Loans other than Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans. 
 Non-Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans means First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans other than Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans. 
 102 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Non-Performing High Yield Securities means High Yield Securities other than Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities and Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities. 
 Non-Performing Mezzanine Investments means Mezzanine Investments other than Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments and Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments. 
 Non-Performing Preferred Equity means Preferred Equity other than Performing Preferred Equity. 
 Non-Performing Second Lien Bank Loans means Second Lien Bank Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt Performing DIP Loans) other than Performing Second Lien Bank Loans. 
 Performing means (a) with respect to any Portfolio Investment that is debt, the issuer of such Portfolio Investment is not then in default of any payment obligations in respect thereof, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, and (b) with respect to any Portfolio Investment that is Preferred Equity, the issuer of such Portfolio Investment has not failed to meet any scheduled redemption obligations or to pay its latest declared cash dividend, after the expiration of any applicable grace period. 
 Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities means High Yield Securities (a) as to which, at the time of determination, not less than two-thirds (2 3rds) of the interest (including accretions and pay-in-kind interest) for the current monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual period (as applicable) is payable in cash and (b) which are Performing. 
 Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments means Mezzanine Investments (a) as to which, at the time of determination, not less than two-thirds (2 3rds) of the interest (including accretions and pay-in-kind interest) for the current monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual period (as applicable) is payable in cash and (b) which are Performing. 
 Performing Common Equity means Capital Stock (other than Preferred Equity) and warrants of an issuer all of whose outstanding debt is Performing. 
 Performing DIP Loans means a DIP Loan that is performing. 
 Performing First Lien Bank Loans means First Lien Bank Loans (which are not Performing DIP Loans) which are (a) Performing and (b) Cash Pay Bank Loans. 
 Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans means First Lien Last Out Bank Loans which are (a) Performing and (b) Cash Pay Bank Loans. 
 Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans means First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans which are (a) Performing and (b) Cash Pay Bank Loans. 
 Performing Non-Cash Pay High Yield Securities means High Yield Securities (other than Performing Cash Pay High Yield Securities) that are Performing. 
 Performing Non-Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments means Mezzanine Investments (other than Performing Cash Pay Mezzanine Investments) that are Performing. 
 Performing Preferred Equity means Preferred Equity that is Performing. 
 103 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Performing Second Lien Bank Loans means Second Lien Bank Loans (which are not Performing DIP Loans) which are (a) Performing and (b) Cash Pay Bank Loans. 
 Permitted Prior Working Capital Lien means, with respect to any borrower under a Bank Loan, a security interest to secure a senior facility for such borrower and or any of its parents and or subsidiaries provided that (i) such Bank Loan has a second priority lien on the collateral that is subject to the first priority lien of such senior facility (or a pari passu lien on such collateral), (ii) such senior facility is not secured by any other assets (other than a pari passu lien or a second priority lien, subject to the pari passu or first priority lien of the Bank Loan) and does not benefit from any standstill rights or other agreements (other than customary rights) with respect to any other assets and (iii) the maximum outstanding principal amount of such senior facility is not greater than 15 of the aggregate enterprise value of such borrower (as determined at the time of closing of the transaction, and thereafter an enterprise value for such borrower determined in a manner consistent with the valuation methodology applied in the valuation for such borrower as determined by the External Manager (so long as it has the necessary delegated authority) or the Borrower s board of directors (or the appropriate committee thereof with the necessary delegated authority) in a commercially reasonable manner, including the use of an Approved Third-Party Appraiser in the case of Unquoted Investments). 
 Preferred Equity means, as applied to the Capital Stock of any Person, Capital Stock of such Person of any class or classes (however designated) that ranks prior, as to the payment of dividends or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of such Person, to any shares (or other interests) of other Capital Stock of such Person, and shall include, without limitation, cumulative preferred, non-cumulative preferred, participating preferred and convertible preferred Capital Stock. 
 Second Lien Bank Loan means a Bank Loan (other than a First Lien Bank Loan) that is entitled to the benefit of a second lien and second priority perfected security interest (subject to customary encumbrances) on a substantial portion of the assets of the respective borrower and guarantors obligated in respect thereof. 
 Securities means common and preferred stock, units and participations, member interests in limited liability companies, partnership interests in partnerships, notes, bonds, debentures, trust receipts and other obligations, instruments or evidences of indebtedness, including debt instruments of public and private issuers and tax-exempt securities (including warrants, rights, put and call options and other options relating thereto, representing rights, or any combination thereof) and other property or interests commonly regarded as securities or any form of interest or participation therein, but not including Bank Loans. 
 Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Senior Debt Amount means, as of any date, the greater of (i) the Covered Debt Amount and (ii) the Combined Debt Amount. 
 Senior Investments means Cash, Cash Equivalents, Short-Term U.S. Government Securities, Long-Term U.S. Government Securities, Performing First Lien Bank Loans, Performing First Lien Unitranche Bank Loans and Performing First Lien Last Out Bank Loans. 
 Short-Term U.S. Government Securities means U.S. Government Securities maturing within one (1) month of the applicable date of determination. 
 Structured Finance Obligation means any obligation issued by a special purpose vehicle and secured directly by, referenced to, or representing ownership of, a pool of receivables 
 104 Revolving Credit Agreement 

or other financial assets of any obligor, including collateralized loan obligations, collateralized debt obligations and mortgaged-backed securities. If an obligation satisfies the definition of Structured Finance Obligation , such obligation shall not (a) qualify as any other category of Portfolio Investment and (b) be included in the Borrowing Base. 
 U.S. Government Securities has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.01 . 
 Value means, with respect to any Portfolio Investment, the most recent value as determined pursuant to Section 5.12 . 
 Article VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 Section 1.01. Indebtedness . Subject to the proviso to this Section 6.01 , the Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) Indebtedness created hereunder or under any other Loan Document 
 (b) Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness so long as (i) no Default exists at the time of the incurrence thereof and any Concurrent Transaction, (ii) the aggregate amount (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) of such Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, taken together with other then-outstanding Indebtedness, does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Sections 6.07(b) and (c) , and (iii) prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness and any Concurrent Transaction, the Covered Debt Amount does not or would not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect 
 (c) Other Permitted Indebtedness 
 (d) Guarantees of Indebtedness otherwise permitted hereunder 
 (e) Indebtedness of any Obligor owing to any other Obligor or, if such Indebtedness is subject to subordination terms and conditions that are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, any other Subsidiary of the Borrower 
 (f) repurchase obligations arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to U.S. Government Securities 
 (g) obligations payable to clearing agencies, brokers or dealers in connection with the purchase or sale of securities in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness so long as (i) no Default exists at the time of the incurrence thereof, (ii) the aggregate amount (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) of such Indebtedness does not exceed the greater of (A) 675,000 and (B) 5 of Shareholders Equity, (iii) the aggregate amount (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) of such Indebtedness, taken together with other then- 
 105 Revolving Credit Agreement 

outstanding Indebtedness, does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Sections 6.07(b) and (c) , and (iv) prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any such Indebtedness and any Concurrent Transaction, the Covered Debt Amount does not or would not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect 
 (i) obligations (including Guarantees) in respect of Standard Securitization Undertakings 
 (j) Permitted SBIC Guarantees 
 (k) any SBIC Equity Commitment or analogous commitment 
 (l) Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness (other than Special Unsecured Indebtedness that would otherwise constitute Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness) so long as (i) no Default exists at the time of the incurrence thereof, (ii) the aggregate amount (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) of such Indebtedness does not exceed 100,000,000, (iii) the aggregate amount (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) of such Indebtedness, taken together with then-outstanding Special Unsecured Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(m) , does not exceed 200,000,000, (iv) the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness, taken together with other then-outstanding Indebtedness, does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (c) , and (v) prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any such Indebtedness and any Concurrent Transaction, the Covered Debt Amount does not or would not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect 
 (m) Special Unsecured Indebtedness so long as (i) no Default exists at the time of the incurrence thereof, (ii) the aggregate amount (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) of such Indebtedness does not exceed 200,000,000, (iii) the aggregate amount (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) of such Indebtedness, taken together with then-outstanding Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(l) , does not exceed 200,000,000, (iv) the aggregate amount (determined at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) of such Indebtedness, taken together with other then-outstanding Indebtedness, does not exceed the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (c) , and (v) prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of any such Indebtedness and any Concurrent Transaction, the Covered Debt Amount does not or would not exceed the Borrowing Base then in effect and 
 (n) other Indebtedness not to exceed the greater of (i) 675,000 and (ii) 5 of Shareholders Equity at any time outstanding. 
 Section 1.02. Liens . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof except 
 (a) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor existing on the Effective Date and set forth in Schedule 3.11(b) provided that (i) no such Lien shall extend to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors, and (ii) any such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the Effective Date and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof 
 106 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(b) Liens created pursuant to this Agreement (including Section 2.19 or any of the Security Documents (including Liens in favor of the Designated Indebtedness Holders (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement)) 
 (c) Liens on Special Equity Interests included in the Investments of the Borrower but only to the extent securing obligations in the manner provided in the definition of Special Equity Interests in Section 1.01 
 (d) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding 5 of Shareholders Equity at any one time outstanding (which may cover Portfolio Investments, but only to the extent released from the Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 10.03 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement), so long as at the time of incurrence of such Indebtedness or other obligations, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness permitted under clauses (a) , (b) , (h) , (l) and (m) of Section 6.01 , does not exceed the lesser of (i) the Borrowing Base and (ii) the amount required to comply with the provisions of Section 6.07(b) and (c) 
 (e) Other Permitted Liens 
 (f) Liens on Equity Interests in any SBIC Subsidiary created in favor of the SBA 
 (g) (x) Liens securing Hedging Agreements permitted under Section 6.04(c) and not otherwise permitted under clause (b) above in an aggregate amount not to exceed 1,500,000 at any time and (y) Liens incurred in connection with any Hedging Agreement either entered into with a Lender (or an Affiliate of a Lender) on an uncleared basis or cleared through a Lender (or Affiliate of a Lender) as futures commission merchant in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes (it being understood that such Lien shall continue to be permitted pursuant to this subclause (y) even if such Lender has assigned all of its Loans and other interests in this Agreement and thus has ceased to be a Lender hereunder) provided that in no event shall any Obligor be permitted to create, incur or assume any Lien pursuant to this clause (i) or increase the aggregate amount of collateral securing any Liens previously permitted under this clause (i) unless both before and after giving effect to the creation, incurrence or assumption of such Lien or such increase in the aggregate amount of collateral securing such Lien and any Concurrent Transaction the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base (after giving effect to the exclusion of all such collateral from the Borrowing Base) and 
 (h) Liens securing repurchase obligations arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to U.S. Government Securities. 
 Section 1.03. Fundamental Changes . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve or divide itself (or suffer any liquidation, dissolution or division). The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, acquire any business or property from, or Capital Stock of, or be a party to any acquisition of, any Person, except for purchases or acquisitions of Investments and other assets in the normal course of the day-to-day business activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and not in violation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of, in one transaction or a series of transactions, any part of its assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 
 107 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(a) any Subsidiary Guarantor may be merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor provided that if any such transaction shall be between a Subsidiary Guarantor and a wholly-owned Subsidiary Guarantor, the wholly-owned Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving entity 
 (b) any Subsidiary Guarantor may sell, lease, transfer (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division or plan of division) or otherwise dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or any wholly-owned Subsidiary Guarantor 
 (c) the Capital Stock of any Subsidiary of any Obligor may be sold, transferred (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division or plan of division) or otherwise disposed of to the Borrower or any wholly-owned Subsidiary Guarantor 
 (d) the Obligors may sell or otherwise dispose of assets (other than Investments) in the ordinary course of business (including to make expenditures of cash in the normal course of the day-to-day business activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) 
 (e) the Obligors may sell, transfer (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division or plan of division) or otherwise Dispose of Investments (other than to a Financing Subsidiary) so long as after giving effect to such sale, transfer or other disposition and any Concurrent Transaction the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base 
 (f) the Obligors may sell, transfer (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division or plan of division) or otherwise Dispose of Investments to a Financing Subsidiary so long as (i) after giving effect to such sale, transfer or other disposition and any Concurrent Transaction the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer to such effect (ii) either (x) the amount by which the Borrowing Base exceeds the Covered Debt Amount immediately prior to such sale, transfer or other disposition is not diminished as a result of such release or (y) the Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such sale transfer or other disposition and any Concurrent Transaction is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount 
 (g) the Borrower may merge or consolidate with, or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, any other Person (including any Subsidiary Guarantor) so long as (i) the Borrower is the continuing or surviving entity in such transaction and (ii) at the time thereof and after giving effect thereto and to any Concurrent Transaction, no Default shall have occurred or be continuing and 
 (h) the Borrower and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors may sell, lease, transfer (including a deemed transfer resulting from a division or plan of division) or otherwise dispose of equipment or other property or assets that do not consist of Investments so long as the aggregate amount of all such sales, leases, transfer and dispositions does not exceed 1,000,000 in any fiscal year 
 provided , that in no event shall the Borrower enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation or amalgamation, or effect any internal reorganization, if the surviving entity would be organized under any jurisdiction other than a jurisdiction of the United States. 
 Section 1.04. Investments . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, acquire, make or enter into, or hold, any Investments except 
 (a) operating deposit accounts with banks 
 108 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(b) Investments by the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors in the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors 
 (c) Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course of any Obligor s business for financial planning and not for speculative purposes 
 (d) Investments (other than Hedging Agreements) by the Obligors to the extent such Investments are permitted under the Investment Company Act and in compliance with the Borrower s Investment Policies, in each case, as in effect as of the date such Investments are acquired provided that, if any such Investment is an Investment that is not included in the Collateral Pool (other than Portfolio Investments (but excluding Cash or Cash Equivalents) exchanged for Portfolio Investments made or received in connection with or as a result of a workout or restructuring) or is an Investment in a Financing Subsidiary, then (i) immediately after giving effect to such Investment and any Concurrent Transaction, the Covered Debt Amount shall not exceed the Borrowing Base and (ii) if cash or other assets are being contributed or invested (A) in such Investment that is not included in the Collateral Pool or used to acquire any interest in such Investment that is not included in the Collateral Pool or (B) in such Financing Subsidiary, either (1) the amount of any excess availability under the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such Investment is not diminished as a result of such Investment or (2) the Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such Investment and any Concurrent Transaction is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount 
 (e) Investments in Immaterial Subsidiaries so long as, after giving effect to such Investment and any Concurrent Transaction, (i) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base and (ii) either (A) the amount by which the Borrowing Base exceeds the Covered Debt Amount immediately prior to such Investment is not diminished as a result of such Investment or (B) the Borrowing Base immediately after giving effect to such Investment and any Concurrent Transaction is at least 110 of the Covered Debt Amount 
 (f) additional Investments not exceeding 2,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding 
 (g) Investments in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (h) Investments described on Schedule 3.12(b) and 
 (i) Investments in the form of Guarantees permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 . 
 For purposes of clause (f) of this Section 6.04 , the aggregate amount of an Investment at any time shall be deemed to be equal to (A) the aggregate amount of cash, together with the aggregate fair market value of property, loaned, advanced, contributed, transferred or otherwise invested that gives rise to such Investment minus (B) the aggregate amount of any Return of Capital, dividends, distributions or other payments received in cash in respect of such Investment provided that in no event shall the aggregate amount of such Investment be deemed to be less than zero provided , further , that the amount of an Investment shall not in any event be reduced by reason of any write-off of such Investment nor increased by any increase in the amount of earnings retained in the Person in which such Investment is made or as a result of any other matter (other than any cash or assets contributed by or invested in such Investment). 
 Section 1.05. Restricted Payments . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except that the Borrower may declare and pay 
 109 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(a) dividends with respect to the Capital Stock of the Borrower payable solely in additional shares of the Borrower s common stock 
 (b) dividends and distributions in either case in cash or other property (excluding for this purpose the Borrower s common stock) in any taxable year of the Borrower in amounts not to exceed the amount that is determined in good faith by the Borrower to be required to (i) maintain the status of the Borrower as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (ii) avoid federal income and excise taxes for such taxable year or for the previous taxable year imposed by Section 4982 and or Section 852(b) of the Code 
 (c) dividends and distributions in each case in cash or other property (excluding for this purpose the Borrower s common stock) in addition to the dividends and distributions permitted under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) , so long as on the date of such Restricted Payment and after giving effect thereto and to any Concurrent Transaction 
 (i) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and 
 (ii) the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made during any taxable year of the Borrower after the Effective Date under this clause (c) shall not exceed the difference of (x) an amount equal to 10 of the taxable income of the Borrower for such taxable year determined under section 852(b)(2) of the Code, but without regard to subparagraphs (A) , (B) or (D) thereof, minus (y) the amount, if any, by which dividends and distributions made during such taxable year pursuant to the foregoing clause (b) (whether in respect of such taxable year or the previous taxable year) based upon the Borrower s estimate of taxable income exceeded the actual amounts specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of such foregoing clause (b) for such taxable year 
 (d) Restricted Payments in connection with a Tender Offer, so long as, immediately after giving effect thereto and to any Concurrent Transaction, (i) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed the Borrowing Base, (ii) the Borrower is in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.07 and (iii) no Event of Default shall exist or be continuing and 
 (e) other Restricted Payments so long as (i) on the date of such other Restricted Payment and after giving effect thereto and to any Concurrent Transaction (x) the Covered Debt Amount does not exceed 90 of the Borrowing Base and (y) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) on the date of such other Restricted Payment the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a Borrowing Base Certificate as at such date demonstrating compliance with subclause (x) after giving effect to such Restricted Payment and any Concurrent Transaction. For purposes of preparing such Borrowing Base Certificate, (A) the fair market value of Quoted Investments shall be the most recent quotation available for such Quoted Investment and (B) the fair market value of Unquoted Investments shall be the Value set forth in the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01(a)(iv)) at the time such Restricted Payment is declared (or in the case of a tender offer, launched). 
 Nothing herein shall be deemed to prohibit the payment of Restricted Payments by any Subsidiary of the Borrower to the Borrower or to any other Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 Section 1.06. Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries . The Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Financing Subsidiaries with respect to their respective 
 110 Revolving Credit Agreement 

assets) to enter into or suffer to exist any indenture, agreement, instrument or other arrangement (other than the Loan Documents) that prohibits or restrains, in each case in any material respect, or imposes materially adverse conditions upon, the incurrence or payment of Indebtedness, the declaration or payment of dividends, the making of loans, advances, guarantees or Investments or the sale, assignment, transfer or other disposition of property to the Borrower by any Subsidiary provided that the foregoing shall not apply to (i) indentures, agreements, instruments or other arrangements pertaining to other Indebtedness permitted hereby (provided that such restrictions would not adversely affect in any material respect the exercise of rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the Security Documents or restrict any Obligor in any manner from performing its obligations under the Loan Documents) and (ii) indentures, agreements, instruments or other arrangements pertaining to any lease, sale or other disposition of any asset permitted by this Agreement or any Lien permitted by this Agreement on such asset so long as the applicable restrictions only apply to the assets subject to such lease, sale, other disposition or Lien. 
 Section 1.07. Certain Financial Covenants . 
 (a) Minimum Shareholders Equity . The Borrower will not permit Shareholders Equity at the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower to be less than 9,400,000, plus 50 of the net proceeds of the sale of Equity Interests by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries after the Effective Date (other than proceeds of sales of Equity Interests by and among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) and proceeds of any distribution or dividend reinvestment plan), minus (x) 25 of the aggregate amount paid or distributed by the Borrower to purchase its shares of common stock in connection with tender offers at any time after the Effective Date that Shareholders Equity of the Borrower is less than 200,000,000 and (y) 50 of the aggregate amount paid or distributed by the Borrower to purchase its shares of common stock in connection with tender offers at any time after the Effective Date that Shareholders Equity of the Borrower is greater than or equal to 200,000,000. 
 (b) Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio . The Borrower will not permit the Consolidated Asset Coverage Ratio to be less than 150 at any time. 
 Section 1.08. Transactions with Affiliates . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any other Obligor, to enter into any transactions with any of its Affiliates, even if otherwise permitted under this Agreement, except (a) transactions at prices and on terms and conditions, taken as a whole, not materially less favorable to the Borrower or such other Obligor than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties as determined by the Borrower in good faith, (b) transactions between or among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate, (c) transactions among the Borrower and or its Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 6.03 , Investments permitted by Section 6.04 and Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.05 , (d) the transactions provided in the Affiliate Agreements (as any such agreement is amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in a manner not prohibited by this Agreement), (e) transactions described on Schedule 6.08 , (f) any Investment that results in the creation of an Affiliate, (g) transactions between or among the Obligors and any Financing Subsidiary or any downstream affiliate (as such term is used under the rules promulgated under the Investment Company Act) company of an Obligor (i) at prices and on terms and conditions, taken as a whole, not materially less favorable to the Obligors than could be obtained at the time on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, or (ii) arising from, in connection with or related to Standard Securitization Undertakings, (h) transactions approved by a majority of the independent members of the board of directors of the Borrower, (i) transactions with one or more Affiliates (including co-investments) permitted by an exemptive order granted by the SEC (as may be amended from time to time), exemptive rule, any no action relief or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, rule or regulation and SEC staff interpretations thereof, (j) payment of compensation and reimbursement of expenses and indemnification to officers, 
 111 Revolving Credit Agreement 

managers, and directors in the ordinary course of business, and (k) issuances or sales by the Borrower of Equity Interests to its Affiliates. 
 Section 1.09. Lines of Business . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) to, engage in any business in a manner that would violate its Investment Policies in any material respect. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, amend or modify the Investment Policies (other than a Permitted Policy Amendment). The Borrower will not (a) modify, supplement or waive in any material respect the Valuation Policy (other than any modification, supplement or waiver (w) required under GAAP, (x) required by any applicable law, rule or regulation or Governmental Authority, or (y) when taken as a whole is not materially adverse to the Lenders when compared to its Valuation Policy in effect as of the Effective Date as determined by the Borrower in good faith) or (b) fail to comply with the Valuation Policy in any material respect. 
 Section 1.10. No Further Negative Pledge . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, enter into any agreement, instrument, deed or lease which prohibits or limits the ability of any Obligor to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its properties, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or which requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following (a) this Agreement, the other Loan Documents (b) covenants in documents creating Liens permitted by Section 6.02 (including covenants with respect to the Designated Obligations or Designated Indebtedness Holders under (and, in each case, as defined in) the Security Documents) prohibiting further Liens on the assets encumbered thereby (c) customary restrictions contained in leases not subject to a waiver so long as such restrictions relate solely to the assets subject thereto (d) any such agreement that imposes restrictions on investments or other interests in Financing Subsidiaries (but no other assets of any Obligor) (e) any such agreement that imposes restrictions on Liens in Joint Venture Investments (solely to the extent such restrictions relate to Joint Venture Investments) and (f) any other agreement that does not restrict in any manner (directly or indirectly) Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents on any Collateral securing the Secured Obligations under and as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement and does not require the direct or indirect granting of any Lien securing any Indebtedness or other obligation by virtue of the granting of Liens on or pledge of property of any Obligor to secure the Loans or any Hedging Agreement. 
 Section 1.11. Modifications of Longer-Term Indebtedness Documents . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any other Obligor to, consent to any modification, supplement or waiver of 
 (a) any of the provisions of any agreement, instrument or other document evidencing or relating to any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness that would result in such Indebtedness not meeting the requirements of the definition of Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness and Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness , as applicable, set forth in Section 1.01 , unless (i) in the case of Secured Longer Term Indebtedness, such Indebtedness would have been permitted to be incurred as Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness at the time of such modification, supplement or waiver and the Borrower so designates such Indebtedness as Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness (whereupon such Indebtedness shall be deemed to constitute Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness for all purposes of this Agreement) and (ii) in the case of Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, such Indebtedness would have been permitted to be incurred as Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness at the time of such modification, supplement or waiver and the Borrower so designates such Indebtedness as Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness (whereupon such Indebtedness shall be deemed to constitute Unsecured Shorter-Term Indebtedness for all purposes of this Agreement) or 
 112 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(b) any Affiliate Agreement, unless after giving effect to such modification, supplement or waiver, such Affiliate Agreement is not materially less favorable to the Borrower, taken as a whole, than (i) prior to such modification, supplement or waiver or (ii) could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, in each case, without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (with the approval of the Required Lenders). 
 Section 1.12. Payments of Longer-Term Indebtedness . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of the Subsidiary Guarantors to, purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value, or set apart any money for a sinking, defeasance or other analogous fund for the purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of or make any voluntary payment or prepayment of the principal of or interest on, or any other amount owing in respect of, any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Special Unsecured Indebtedness or any other Indebtedness not included in the Covered Debt Amount (other than the refinancing of Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Unsecured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Special Unsecured Indebtedness or such other Indebtedness with Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 ), except for 
 (a) regularly scheduled payments, prepayments or redemptions of principal and interest in respect thereof required pursuant to the instruments evidencing such Indebtedness (it being understood that (w) the conversion features into Permitted Equity Interests under Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (x) the triggering of such conversion and or settlement thereof solely with Permitted Equity Interests and (y) any cash payment on account of interest or expenses on such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness made by the Borrower in respect of such triggering and or settlement thereof shall be permitted under this clause (a) 
 (b) payments and prepayments thereof required to comply with requirements of Section 2.10(c) 
 (c) so long as no Default shall exist or be continuing, any payment, prepayment, retirement, repurchase, acquisition or redemption that, if it were deemed to be a Restricted Payment for purposes of Section 6.05 , would be permitted to be made pursuant to the provisions set forth in Section 6.05(d) and 
 (d) voluntary payments or prepayments of Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, so long as both before and after giving effect to such voluntary payment or prepayment and any Concurrent Transaction (i) the Borrower is in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.07 and (ii) no Default shall exist or be continuing 
 provided that, in the case of clause (a) above, in no event shall any Obligor be permitted to prepay or settle (whether as a result of a mandatory redemption, conversion or otherwise) any such Indebtedness if immediately after giving effect thereto and to any Concurrent Transaction, the Covered Debt Amount would exceed the Borrowing Base. 
 Section 1.13. Accounting Changes . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any change in (a) accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required by law or rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority or the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or (b) its fiscal year, in each case without the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 1.14. Financing Statements . Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.02 , the Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Subsidiary Guarantor to, file or suffer to be on file, or authorize or permit to be filed or to be on file, in any jurisdiction, any financing statement or like instrument with respect to any of the Collateral in which the Collateral Agent is not named as the sole Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties other than any 
 113 Revolving Credit Agreement 

financing statement or like instrument in respect of a Lien not prohibited by the provisions of any Loan Document. 
 Section 1.15. SBIC Guarantee . The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, cause or permit the occurrence of any event or condition that would result in recourse to any Obligor under any Permitted SBIC Guarantee. 
 Article VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing 
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any failure to pay all principal on the Loans in full on the Final Maturity Date) 
 (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article VII payable under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3) or more Business Days 
 (c) any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, shall prove to have been incorrect when made or deemed made in any material respect 
 (d) the Borrower or any other Obligor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in (i) Section 5.03 (with respect to the Borrower s existence), Section 5.08(a) , Section 5.08(b) , Section 5.09 or Article VI or default in the performance of any of its obligations contained in Section 3 or 7 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement or (ii) Sections 5.01(v) , (vi) or (vii) or Section 5.02 and such failure, in the case of this clause (ii) , shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) or more Business Days after the earlier of (x) notice thereof by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower and (y) knowledge thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 
 (e) the Borrower shall fail to comply with Section 2.10(c) 
 (f) the Borrower or any other Obligor, as applicable, shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than those specified in clause (a) , (b) , (d) , (e) or (r) of this Article VII and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) or more days after the earlier of (i) written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower and (ii) knowledge thereof by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 
 (g) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable, taking into account any applicable grace period 
 114 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(h) any event or condition occurs that (i) results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or (ii) continues unremedied for any applicable period of time sufficient to enable or permit the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity (other than as permitted under Section 6.12 and that is not a result of a breach, default or other violation or failure in respect of such Material Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after giving effect to any applicable grace period) provided that this clause (h) shall not apply to (1) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness or (2) convertible debt that becomes due as a result of a conversion or redemption event, other than as a result of an event of default (as defined in the documents governing such convertible Material Indebtedness) 
 (i) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed and unstayed for a period of sixty (60) or more days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered 
 (j) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (i) of this Article VII , (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing 
 (k) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due 
 (l) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 5,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively vacated, stayed, discharged or bonded pending appeal, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) to enforce any such judgment 
 (m) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (n) a Change in Control shall occur 
 115 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(o) the Liens created by the Security Documents shall, at any time with respect to Portfolio Investments having an aggregate Value in excess of 5 of the aggregate Value of all Portfolio Investments, not be valid and perfected (to the extent perfection by filing, registration, recordation, possession or control is required herein or therein) in favor of the Collateral Agent, free and clear of all other Liens (other than Liens permitted under Section 6.02 or under the respective Security Documents) except to the extent that any such loss of perfection results from the failure of the Collateral Agent to maintain possession of the certificates representing the securities pledged under the Loan Documents 
 (p) except for expiration or termination in accordance with its terms, any of the Loan Documents shall for whatever reason be terminated or cease to be in full force and effect in any material respect, or the enforceability thereof shall be contested by the Borrower or any other Obligor 
 (q) the Obligors shall at any time, without the consent of the Required Lenders fail to comply with the covenant contained in Section 5.11 , and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) or more days after the earlier of (i) notice thereof by the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower or (ii) knowledge thereof by a Financial Officer or 
 (r) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall cause or permit the occurrence of any condition or event that would result in any recourse to any Obligor under any Permitted SBIC Guarantee 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article VII ), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and in case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (i) or (j) of this Article VII , the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, on the CAM Exchange Date, to the extent not otherwise prohibited by law, (a) the Lenders shall automatically and without further act be deemed to have exchanged interests in the Designated Obligations such that, in lieu of the interests of each Lender in the Designated Obligations under each Loan in which it shall participate as of such date, such Lender shall own an interest equal to such Lender s CAM Percentage in the Designated Obligations under each of the Loans and (b) simultaneously with the deemed exchange of interests pursuant to clause (a) of this paragraph, the interests in the Designated Obligations to be received in such deemed exchange shall, automatically and with no further action required, be converted into the Dollar Equivalent of such amount (as of the Business Day immediately prior to the CAM Exchange Date) and on and after such date all amounts accruing and owed to the Lenders in respect of such Designated Obligations shall accrue and be payable in Dollars at the rate otherwise applicable hereunder. 
 116 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Each Lender, each Person acquiring a participation from any Lender as contemplated by Section 9.04 and the Borrower hereby consents and agrees to the CAM Exchange. The Borrower and the Lenders agree from time to time to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent all such promissory notes and other instruments and documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request to evidence and confirm the respective interests and obligations of the Lenders after giving effect to the CAM Exchange, and each Lender agrees to surrender any promissory notes originally received by it in connection with its Loans hereunder to the Administrative Agent against delivery of any promissory notes so executed and delivered provided that the failure of the Borrower to execute or deliver or of any Lender to accept any such promissory note, instrument or document shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the CAM Exchange. As a result of the CAM Exchange, on and after the CAM Exchange Date, each payment received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any Loan Document in respect of the Designated Obligations shall be distributed to the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their respective CAM Percentages (to be redetermined as of each such date of payment). 
 Article VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Section 1.01. Appointment of the Administrative Agent . Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as its agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof (including Section 9 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement), and to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Collateral Agent shall be a third-party beneficiary of this Section 8.01 and shall have all of the rights, benefits and privileges of a third-party beneficiary, including an independent right of action to enforce such rights, benefits and privileges directly, without the consent or joinder of any other Person. 
 Section 1.02. Capacity as Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 
 Section 1.03. Limitation of Duties Exculpation . The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders, and (c) except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall 
 117 Revolving Credit Agreement 

not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein or therein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 1.04. Reliance . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 Section 1.05. Sub-Agents . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 Section 1.06. Resignation Successor Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the written consent of the Borrower not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in consultation with the Borrower), to appoint a successor which is not a natural person or a Defaulting Lender. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation shall nonetheless become effective at the end of such thirty (30) day period (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and (2) the Required Lenders shall perform the duties of the Administrative Agent 
 118 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(and all payments and communications provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly) until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this paragraph). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 Any resignation by SMBC as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.06 shall also constitute its resignation as a Swingline Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Swingline Lender, and (b) the retiring Swingline Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. 
 Section 1.07. Reliance by Lenders . Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. The Administrative Agent shall have no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to make any such investigation or any such appraisal on behalf of Lenders or to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Loans or at any time or times thereafter, and the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the accuracy of or the completeness of any information provided to Lenders. 
 Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement or any Assignment and Assumption and funding any Loan shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be approved by the Administrative Agent, Required Lenders or Lenders. 
 Section 1.08. Modifications to Loan Documents . Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.20 or Section 9.02(b) or (c) of this Agreement or the Security Documents with respect to this Agreement, the Administrative Agent may, with the prior consent of the Required Lenders (but not otherwise), consent to any modification, supplement or waiver under any of the Loan Documents. 
 Section 1.09. Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or an Indemnitee, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or an Indemnitee (any such Lender, Indemnitee or other recipient, a Payment Recipient ), that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise 
 119 Revolving Credit Agreement 

erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Indemnitee or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Indemnitee shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a) , each Lender or Indemnitee, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Indemnitee, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or Indemnitee, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case 
 (i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clause (x) or (y) , an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z) ), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment and 
 (ii) such Lender or Indemnitee shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.09(b) . 
 (c) Each Lender and Indemnitee hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Indemnitee under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Indemnitee from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under clause (a) above or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 
 (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with clause (a) above, from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and or from any Payment Recipient who received 
 120 Revolving Credit Agreement 

such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender at any time, (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Class with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to have acquired the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. So long as any sale of Loans complies with the terms of Section 9.04(b) , the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender (and or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender or Indemnitee under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 
 (e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Revolving Credit Exposure or other obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Obligor, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent or other applicable Secured Parties (as such term is defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) from the Borrower or any other Obligor for the purpose of making payment in respect of the Revolving Credit Exposure. 
 (f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 121 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(g) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.09 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 Article IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 1.01. Notices Electronic Communications . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy or e-mail, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, to it at 
 Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. 
 10 East 40 th Street, 42 nd Floor 
 New York, New York 10016 
 Attention Jonathan Tepper 
 Facsimile 212-448-9652 
 Email jtepper prospectcap.com 
 lharrison prospectcap.com 
 pfloat prospectcap.com 
 pacctflex prospectcap.com 
 pl prospectcap.com 
 fax prospectcap.com 
 
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent or SMBC, in its capacity as a Lender or Swingline Lender, to it at 
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 
 277 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10172 
 Attention Hazel Kim 
 Phone 212-256-7360 
 Fax 212-224-4397 
 Email hazel_kim smbcgroup.com 
 
 With a copy to 
 
 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 
 277 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10172 
 Attention Agency Services 
 Fax 212-224-4433 
 E-mail agencyservices smbcgroup.com and cmragency smbcgroup.com 
 With a copy to 
 122 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation 
 277 Park Avenue 
 New York, NY 10172 
 Attention Kevin Smith 
 Fax 212-224-4547 
 E-mail kevin_smith smbcgroup.com 
 (iii) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number or e-mail) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Any party hereto may change its address, e-mail or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt. Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b) . 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Section 2.06 if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (i) Notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 Each party hereto understands that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution and agrees and assumes the risks associated with such electronic distribution, except to the extent caused by the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or their respective Related Parties, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Platform and any electronic communications media approved by the Administrative Agent as provided herein are provided as is and as available . None of the Administrative Agent or its Related Parties warrant the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of such media or the Platform and each expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Platform and such media. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects is made by the Administrative Agent and any of its Related Parties in connection with the Platform or the electronic communications media approved by the Administrative Agent as provided for herein. 
 123 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(c) Private Side Information Contacts . Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable law, including United States federal and state securities laws, to make reference to information that is not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain Non-Public Information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their Securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities laws. In the event that any Public Lender has determined for itself to not access any information disclosed through the Platform or otherwise, such Public Lender acknowledges that (i) other Lenders may have availed themselves of such information and (ii) neither the Borrower nor the Administrative Agent has any responsibility for such Public Lender s decision to limit the scope of the information it has obtained in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (d) Documents to be Delivered under Sections 5.01 and 5.12 . For so long as a DebtDomain or equivalent website is available to each of the Lenders hereunder, the Borrower may satisfy its obligation to deliver documents to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under Sections 5.01 and 5.12 by delivering one hard copy or electronic copy thereof to the Administrative Agent and either an electronic copy or a notice identifying the website where such information is located for posting by the Administrative Agent on DebtDomain or such equivalent website provided that the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility to maintain access to Intralinks or an equivalent website. 
 Section 1.02. Waivers Amendments . 
 (a) No Deemed Waivers Remedies Cumulative . No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lenders and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.02 , and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b) Amendments to this Agreement . Except as provided in Section 2.20 , neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders provided that no such agreement shall 
 (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, 
 (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, 
 124 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, 
 (iv) change Section 2.17(b) , (c) or (d) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby 
 (v) change any of the provisions of this Section 9.02 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby or 
 (vi) subject to clause (d) below, change any of the provisions of the definition of Agreed Foreign Currency or any other provision specifying the Foreign Currencies in which Multicurrency Loans may be made hereunder, or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder with respect to the definition of Agreed Foreign Currency , in each case, without the consent of each Multicurrency Lender 
 provided further that (x) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lenders hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent or the Swingline Lenders, as the case may be, and (y) the consent of Lenders holding not less than two-thirds of the Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments will be required (A) for any material adverse change affecting the provisions of this Agreement relating to the determination of the Borrowing Base (excluding changes to the provisions of Section 5.12(b)(ii)(F) and (G) , but including changes to the provisions of Section 5.12(c) and the definitions set forth in Section 5.13 ), and (B) for any release of any material portion of the Collateral other than for fair value or as otherwise permitted hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. 
 Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Lenders of any Class in a manner that does not affect all Classes equally shall be effective against the Lenders of such Class unless the Required Lenders of such Class shall have concurred with such waiver or modification. 
 (c) Amendments to Security Documents . Except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth in the Guarantee and Security Agreement or the other Loan Documents, no Security Document nor any provision thereof may be waived, amended or modified, nor may the Liens thereof be spread (i) to secure any additional obligations (including any increase in Loans hereunder, but excluding (x) any such increase pursuant to Section 2.08(e) , (y) any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness or Secured Shorter-Term Indebtedness or (z) any Hedging Agreement Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower, and by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders, or (ii) without the consent of each Lender, to release all or substantially all of the Obligors from their respective obligations under the Security Documents, release all or substantially all of the collateral security or otherwise terminate all or substantially all of the Liens under the Security Documents, alter the relative priorities of the obligations entitled to the Liens created under the Security Documents (except in connection with securing additional obligations (including any Secured Longer-Term Indebtedness, Secured 
 125 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Shorter-Term Indebtedness or any Hedging Agreement Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement) equally and ratably with the Loans and other obligations hereunder)) with respect to all or substantially all of the collateral security provided thereby, or release all or substantially all of the guarantors under the Guarantee and Security Agreement from their guarantee obligations thereunder, except that no such consent shall be required, and the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized (and so agrees with the Borrower) to direct the Collateral Agent under the Guarantee and Security Agreement, (x) to release any Lien covering property (and to release any such guarantor) that is the subject of either a Disposition of property permitted hereunder or a Disposition to which the Required Lenders or the required number or percentage of Lenders have consented, (y) to release any Lien and or guarantee obligation in accordance with Section 10.03 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement and (z) to release (and to acknowledge the release of) all Liens and guarantees of Obligors upon the termination of this Agreement (including in connection with a complete refinancing). 
 (d) Replacement of Non-Consenting Lender . If, in connection with any proposed change, amendment, waiver or consent to, or discharge or termination of, any of the provisions of this Agreement as contemplated by this Section 9.02 , the consent of the Required Lenders shall have been obtained but the consent of one or more Lenders (each a Non-Consenting Lender whose consent is required for such proposed change, amendment, waiver, consent, discharge or termination, is not obtained, then (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the Borrower shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense, to replace each such Non-Consenting Lender or Lenders with one or more replacement Lenders pursuant to Section 2.18(b) so long as at the time of such replacement, each such replacement Lender consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination. 
 (e) Cure of Defects . If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment, modification or supplement shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 Section 1.03. Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and their Affiliates (limited, in the case of legal fees for any individual transaction, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel (and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and all such Affiliates, collectively) in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Swingline Lender or any Lender (limited, in the case of legal fees, to the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel (and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction) for the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, and the Lenders, collectively, as well as one outside counsel (and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction) for each group of affected parties should any conflict of interest arise involving such group of affected parties) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 9.03 , or in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such 
 126 Revolving Credit Agreement 

documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect thereof and (iii) all documented costs, expenses, taxes, assessments and other charges incurred in connection with any filing, registration, recording or perfection of any security interest contemplated by any Security Document or any other document referred to therein. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger, each Swingline Lender, each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of one outside counsel for all Indemnitees (and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction for all Indemnitees) unless, in the reasonable opinion of an Indemnitee, representation of all Indemnitees by such counsel would be inappropriate due to the existence of an actual or potential conflict of interest) (collectively, Losses in connection with any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding or hearing commenced or threatened by any Person, whether or not any such Indemnitee shall be designated as a party or a potential party thereto, and any fees or expenses incurred by Indemnitees in enforcing this indemnity, whether based on any federal, state or foreign laws, statutes, rules or regulations (including securities and commercial laws, statutes, rules or regulations and laws, statutes, rules or regulations relating to environmental, occupational safety and health or land use matters), on common law or equitable cause or on contract or otherwise and related expenses or disbursements of any kind (other than Taxes or Other Taxes which shall only be indemnified by the Borrower to the extent provided in Section 2.16 , other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim), including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and whether brought by the Borrower or a third party and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that such indemnity shall not as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Losses arise from a dispute solely among Indemnitees (other than any dispute involving (x) claims against the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lead Arranger in their respective capacities as such or (y) claims arising out of any act or omission by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) or are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnitee or its Related Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that indemnification for Taxes is subject to the provisions of Section 2.16 , other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 The Borrower shall not be liable to any Indemnitee for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages (which may include special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against any such party hereto by a third party)) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of the Transactions asserted by an Indemnitee against the Borrower or any other Obligor provided that the foregoing limitation shall not be deemed to impair or affect the obligations of the Borrower under the preceding provisions of this subsection with respect to damages not expressly described in the foregoing limitation. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that (i) the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent under paragraph (a) or 
 127 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(b) of this Section 9.03 or (ii) the fees, costs and expenses of the Approved Third-Party Appraiser incurred pursuant to Section 5.12(b)(ii)(G) hereof exceeds the IVP Supplemental Cap for any 12 month period at any time no Event of Default shall exist (provided that prior to incurring expenses in excess of the IVP Supplemental Cap, the Administrative Agent shall have afforded the Lenders an opportunity to consult with the Administrative Agent regarding such expenses), each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or the applicable Swingline Lender in its capacity as such. 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc . To the extent permitted by applicable law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any other party, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except to the extent caused by the willful misconduct or gross negligence of such Indemnitee, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 9.03 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor. 
 Section 1.04. Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Assignments Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section 9.04 (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Lender which is not in accordance with this Section 9.04 shall be treated as provided in the second sentence of Section 9.04(b)(iii) ). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . 
 (i) Assignments Generally . Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees (other than any natural person (or a holding company, investments vehicle, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural Person) or any Defaulting Lender) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of 
 128 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(A) the Borrower provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee provided , further , that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof and 
 (B) the Administrative Agent provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment by a Lender to another Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender with a credit rating at least as good as the assigning Lender. 
 (ii) Certain Conditions to Assignments . Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of a Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of such Class of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than U.S. 5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (B) each partial assignment of any Class of Commitments or Loans shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of such Class of Commitments and Loans 
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of U.S. 3,500 (which fee shall not be payable in connection with an assignment to a Lender or to an Affiliate of a Lender), for which the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors shall not be obligated 
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not already be a Lender of the applicable Class, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and 
 (E) the assignee shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent those documents specified in Section 2.16(f) . 
 (iii) Effectiveness of Assignments . Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section 9.04 , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and 
 129 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14 , 2.15 , 2.16 and 9.03 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (f) of this Section 9.04 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions set forth in Section 9.04(b)(ii) or otherwise, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the Applicable Percentage of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, each Swingline Lender and each Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full Applicable Percentage of all Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 (c) Maintenance of Registers by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in New York City a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Registers and each individually, a Register ). The entries in the Registers shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Registers pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Registers shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d) Acceptance of Assignments by Administrative Agent . Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.04 and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.04 , the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (e) Special Purposes Vehicles . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC owned or administered by such Granting Lender, identified as such in writing from time to time by such Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the 
 130 Revolving Credit Agreement 

option to provide all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment to make any Loan by any SPC, (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, such Granting Lender shall, subject to the terms of this Agreement, make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof, (iii) the rights of any such SPC shall be derivative of the rights of such Granting Lender, and such SPC shall be subject to all of the restrictions upon such Granting Lender herein contained, and (iv) no SPC shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14 (or any other increased costs protection provision), 2.15 or 2.16. Each SPC shall be conclusively presumed to have made arrangements with its Granting Lender for the exercise of voting and other rights hereunder in a manner which is reasonably acceptable to the SPC, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower, and each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Obligors shall be entitled to rely upon and deal solely with the Granting Lender with respect to Loans made by or through its SPC. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by the Granting Lender. 
 Each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or similar proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, in respect of claims arising out of this Agreement provided that the Granting Lender for each SPC hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto for any Loss arising out of their inability to institute any such proceeding against its SPC. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.04 , any SPC may (i) without the prior written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to its Granting Lender or to any financial institutions providing liquidity and or credit facilities to or for the account of such SPC to fund the Loans made by such SPC or to support the securities (if any) issued by such SPC to fund such Loans (but nothing contained herein shall be construed in derogation of the obligation of the Granting Lender to make Loans hereunder) provided that, neither the consent of the SPC nor of any such assignee shall be required for amendments or waivers hereunder except for those amendments or waivers for which the consent of participants is required under paragraph (f) below, and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis (in the same manner described in Section 9.13(b) any Non-Public Information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of a surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. 
 (f) Participations . Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (other than natural persons (or a holding company, investments vehicle, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated by or for the primary benefit of a natural Person)) (a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans owing to it) provided that, (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described 
 131 Revolving Credit Agreement 

in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (g) of this Section 9.04 , the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14 , 2.15 and 2.16 , subject to the requirements and limitations therein , to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.04 provided that such Participant agrees that it (i) shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.18 as if it were an assignee and (ii) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.14 , 2.15 or 2.16 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation provided , further , that no Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.16 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation granted to such Participant and such Participant shall have complied with the requirements of Section 2.16 as if such Participant is a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.18(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.17(d) as though it were a Lender hereunder. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest of each Participant s interest in the Commitments, Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register )) provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any other information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any person except to the extent that such disclosures are necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 163 of the Code and any related United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. The Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (g) Limitations on Rights of Participants . A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.14 , 2.15 or 2.16 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless (i) such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation or (ii) the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.16 unless such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Sections 2.16 (e) and (f) as though it were a Lender (it being understood that the documentation required under Sections 2.16(e) and (f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender). 
 (h) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any such pledge or assignment to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section 9.04 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (i) No Assignments to the Borrower or Affiliates . Anything in this Section 9.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, no Lender may assign or participate any interest in any 
 132 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Loan held by it hereunder to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries without the prior consent of each Lender. 
 Section 1.05. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.14 , 2.15 , 2.16 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any Swingline Lender or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of a Lender, consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 
 Section 1.06. Counterparts Integration Effectiveness Electronic Execution . 
 (a) Counterparts Integration Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract between and among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by telecopy or electronically (e.g. pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (b) Electronic Execution of Loan Documents . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents including any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 Section 1.07. Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 1.08. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time (with the prior consent of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders), to the 
 133 Revolving Credit Agreement 

fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.17(d) and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the amounts owing to such Defaulting Lender hereunder as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender under this Section 9.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 Section 1.09. Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc . 
 (a) Governing Law . This Agreement and, unless otherwise specified therein, each other Loan Document shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b) Submission to Jurisdiction . Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement and any other Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (c) Waiver of Venue . Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.09 . Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d) Service of Process . Each party to this Agreement (i) irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01 and (ii) agrees that service as provided in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01 is sufficient to confer personal jurisdiction over such party in any proceeding in any court and otherwise constitutes effective and binding service in every respect. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 134 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Section 1.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.10 . 
 Section 1.11. Judgment Currency . This is an international loan transaction in which the specification of Dollars or any Foreign Currency, as the case may be (the Specified Currency ), and payment in New York City or the country of the Specified Currency, as the case may be (the Specified Place ), is of the essence, and the Specified Currency shall be the currency of account in all events relating to Loans denominated in the Specified Currency. The payment obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement shall not be discharged or satisfied by an amount paid in another currency or in another place, whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise, to the extent that the amount so paid on conversion to the Specified Currency and transfer to the Specified Place under normal banking procedures does not yield the amount of the Specified Currency at the Specified Place due hereunder. If for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in the Specified Currency into another currency (the Second Currency ), the rate of exchange that shall be applied shall be the rate at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the Specified Currency with the Second Currency on the Business Day next preceding the day on which such judgment is rendered. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (for purposes of this Section 9.11 , an Entitled Person hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall, notwithstanding the rate of exchange actually applied in rendering such judgment be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Entitled Person of any sum adjudged to be due hereunder in the Second Currency such Entitled Person may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase and transfer to the Specified Place the Specified Currency with the amount of the Second Currency so adjudged to be due and the Borrower hereby, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, agrees to indemnify such Entitled Person against, and to pay such Entitled Person on demand, in the Specified Currency, the amount (if any) by which the sum originally due to such Entitled Person in the Specified Currency hereunder exceeds the amount of the Specified Currency so purchased and transferred. 
 Section 1.12. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 Section 1.13. Treatment of Certain Information No Fiduciary Duty Confidentiality . 
 (a) Treatment of Certain Information No Fiduciary Duty No Conflicts . The Borrower acknowledges that from time to time financial advisory, investment banking and other services may be offered or provided to the Borrower or one or more of its Subsidiaries (in connection with this Agreement or otherwise) by any Lender or by one or more subsidiaries or affiliates of such Lender and the Borrower hereby authorizes each Lender to share any information delivered to such Lender by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this 
 135 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement, to any such subsidiary or affiliate, it being understood that any such subsidiary or affiliate receiving such information shall be bound by the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 9.13 as if it were a Lender hereunder. Such authorization shall survive the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. Each Lender shall use all information delivered to such Lender by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to this Agreement, or in connection with the decision of such Lender to enter into this Agreement, in connection with providing services to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this paragraph, the Lenders ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, their stockholders and or their affiliates. The Borrower, on behalf of itself and each of its Subsidiaries, agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, its stockholders or its affiliates, on the other. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries each acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Lender has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, any of their stockholders or affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, their stockholders or their affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries except the obligations expressly set forth in the Loan Documents and (y) each Lender is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, their management, stockholders, creditors or any other Person. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries each acknowledges and agrees that it has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries each agrees that it will not claim that any Lender has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 
 (b) Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential on terms consistent with this clause (b)), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority), (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to any other party hereto, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 9.13(b) , to (x) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (vii) with the written consent of the Borrower, (viii) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.13(b) or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source 
 136 Revolving Credit Agreement 

other than the Borrower or (ix) on a confidential basis to (x) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (y) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder. 
 For purposes of this Section 9.13(b) , Information means all information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or provided on their behalf (including from any third-party appraiser or other representative engage in connection with this Agreement or the Transactions) relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries provided that, in the case of Information received from the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the Effective Date, such Information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.13(b) shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Section 1.14. PATRIOT Act . Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and each other Obligor, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and each other Obligor and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower and each other Obligor in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. 
 Section 1.15. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the Maximum Rate ). If Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the obligations hereunder. 
 Section 1.16. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Solely to the extent any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 137 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Section 1.17. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the later of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto and the Effective Date, to, and (y) covenants, from such date to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger, and their respective Affiliates, and not to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Obligor, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender with respect to the Loan Documents. 
 (b) In addition, unless subclause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty 
 138 Revolving Credit Agreement 

and covenant as provided in subclause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the later of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto and the Effective Date, to, and (y) covenants, from such date to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger, and their respective Affiliates, and not to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Obligor, that 
 (i) none of the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger, or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto) 
 (ii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least 50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E), 
 (iii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement)) 
 (iv) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and 
 (v) no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arranger or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other services) in connection with the Loans, the Commitments or this Agreement. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Lead Arranger hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the other Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, 
 139 Revolving Credit Agreement 

term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 Section 1.18. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedging Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties hereto acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties hereto with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b) As used in this Section 9.17 , the following terms have the following meanings 
 (i) BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 (ii) Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (A) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (B) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (C) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 140 Revolving Credit Agreement 

(iii) Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 (iv) QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 141 Revolving Credit Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 

By Name Title 

142 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as Administrative Agent, a Swingline Lender and a Lender 

By Name Title 

143 Revolving Credit Agreement 

___________________________, as a Lender 
 By Name Title 

144 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE 1.01(a) 
 APPROVED DEALERS AND APPROVED PRICING SERVICES 
 
 Part A Approved Dealers 
 ABN 
 Ally Bank 
 Antares Capital Advisors, LLC 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
 Bank of America N.A. 
 Bank of New York Mellon 
 Bank of NY Mellon (BNYM Capital Markets) Barclays Bank PLC 
 Barclays Capital Inc. 
 BMO Capital Markets 
 BNP Paribas SA 
 BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
 BofA Distributors, Inc. 
 BTIG LLC 
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC) 
 Capital One Bank 
 Cantor Fitzgerald 
 Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. 
 Citicorp Securities Services, Inc. 
 Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
 Citigroup, Inc. 
 Citizens Capital Markets 
 CommerzBank AG 
 Credit Agricole 
 Credit Suisse AG 
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC 
 Daiwa Capital Markets America Inc. Deutsche Bank 
 Deutsche Bank AG 
 Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
 FBR Capital Markets & Co. 
 Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC 
 Fidelity Capital Markets 
 Fifth Third Bank 
 First Citizens Bank 
 Global Hunter Securities LLC 
 Goldman Sachs 
 Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
 Guggenheim Securities LLC 
 HSBC 
 HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
 Imperial Capital 
 Imperial Capital LLC 
 ING Financial Markets LLC 
 J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. 
 Jefferies 
 Jeffries & Company, Inc. 
 JP Morgan Chase & Co. 
 Key Bank 
 Lazard Freres & Co. LLC 
 145 Revolving Credit Agreement 

MidCap Financial 
 Macquarie Capital USA Inc. 
 Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. 
 Merrill Lynch Government Securities Inc. 
 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated Mitsubishi UFJ Securities USA Inc. 
 Mizuho Securities USA Inc. 
 Morgan Stanley 
 Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated 
 MUFG 
 M&T Bank 
 Natixis Global Asset Management 
 Nomura Securities International, Inc. Oppenheimer & Co Inc 
 PNC Bank 
 RBC Capital Markets 
 Regions Bank 
 Robert W. Baird 
 Royal Bank of Canada 
 RW Baird 
 Scotia Bank 
 Scotiabank 
 Seaport Securities 
 Societe General 
 Societe Generale SA 
 State Street Bank 
 Stifel Financial Corp Truist Banks 
 TD Securities 
 Truist Bank 
 UBS AG 
 UBS Financial Services Inc. 
 UBS Securities LLC 
 US Bancorp 
 Wells Fargo & Company 
 Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC 
 Wells Fargo Investments, LLC 
 Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 

146 Revolving Credit Agreement 

Part B Approved Pricing Services 
 Bloomberg 
 FT Interactive Data Corporation 
 Interactive Data Corporation 
 Intercontinental Exchange 
 J.P. Morgan PricingDirect 
 International Data Corporation 
 Loan Pricing Corporation 
 Markit 
 PricePort Valuation Services LLC (Seaport) 
 Thomson Reuters 
 TRACE trades 
 
 147 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE 1.01(b) 
 COMMITMENTS 
 
 Lenders Dollar Commitment Applicable Dollar Percentage Multicurrency Commitment Applicable Multicurrency Percentage Aggregate Commitment Aggregate Commitment Percentage Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation - 0 20,000,000.00 100 20,000,000.00 100 Total - 0 20,000,000.00 100 20,000,000.00 100 

148 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE 1.01(c) 
 INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION GROUP LIST 
 
 Advertising, Printing, & Publishing 
 Aerospace & Defense 
 Air Freight & Logistics 
 Airlines 
 Auto Components 
 Automobiles 
 Beverages 
 Biotechnology 
 Broadcasting & Subscription 
 Building Products 
 Business Services & Supplies 
 Capital Equipment 
 Capital Markets 
 Chemicals 
 Commercial Banks 
 Commercial Services & Supplies 
 Communications Equipment 
 Computers & Peripherals 
 Construction & Engineering 
 Construction Materials 
 Consumer Finance 
 Consumer Goods 
 Containers & Packaging 
 Data & Information Services 
 Distributors 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 Diversified Telecommunication Services 
 eCommerce & Digital Marketplaces 
 Electric Utilities 
 Electrical Equipment 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components 
 Energy Equipment & Services 
 Environmental 
 Food & Staples Retailing 
 Food Products 
 Gas Utilities 
 Health Care Equipment & Supplies 
 Health Care Providers & Services 
 Health Care Technology 
 High Tech Industries 
 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure 
 Household Durables 
 Household Products 
 Independent Power Producers & Energy Traders 
 Industrial Conglomerates 
 Insurance 
 Internet & Catalog Retail 
 Internet & Digital Media 
 Internet Software & Services 
 149 Revolving Credit Agreement 

IT Services 
 Leisure Equipment & Products 
 Life Sciences Tools & Services 
 Machinery 
 Marine 
 Media 
 Metals & Mining 
 Multiline Retail 
 Multi-Utilities 
 Office Electronics 
 Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 
 Packaging 
 Paper & Forest Products 
 Personal Products 
 Pharmaceuticals 
 Professional Services 
 Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) 
 Real Estate Management & Development 
 Road & Rail 
 Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment 
 Specialty Retail 
 Technology Infrastructure or Internet Infrastructure 
 Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods 
 Thrifts & Mortgage Finance 
 Tobacco 
 Trading Companies & Distributors 
 Transportation 
 Transportation Infrastructure 
 Water Utilities 
 Wholesale 
 Wireless Telecommunication Services 
 
 150 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE 3.11(a) 
 MATERIAL INDEBTEDNESS 
 None. 
 
 151 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE 3.11(b) 
 LIENS 
 None. 
 
 152 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE 3.12(a) 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Organization Owner Description of Ownership Type of Subsidiary Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC Delaware Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. 100 Subsidiary Guarantor 

153 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE 3.12(b) 
 INVESTMENTS 
 1. Schedule 3.12(a) is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 154 Revolving Credit Agreement 

SCHEDULE 6.08 
 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES 
 1. Any transaction pursuant to the Amended and Restated Administration Agreement, by and between the Borrower and Prospect Administration LLC, dated June 17, 2019 (as such agreement is amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in a manner not prohibited by this agreement). 
 2. Any transaction pursuant to the License Agreement, by and between the Borrower and Prospect Capital Investment Management, LLC, dated August 4, 2020 (as such agreement is amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in a manner not prohibited by this Agreement). 
 3. Any transaction pursuant to the Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, by and between the Borrower and Prospect Capital Management L.P., dated November 5, 2021 (as such agreement is amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in a manner not prohibited by this agreement). 
 4. Any transaction pursuant to the Amended and Restated Expense Limitation Agreement, by and between the Borrower and Prospect Capital Management L.P., dated April 24, 2023 (as such agreement is amended, modified, or supplemented from time to time in a manner not prohibited by this agreement). 

155 Revolving Credit Agreement 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.10>
 7
 usb_pfloatdocumentcustodya.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

DOCUMENT CUSTODY AGREEMENT 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 
 Company 
 and 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 Document Custodian 

Dated 

September 21, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Section 1. Certain Definitions 1 
 Section 2. Appointment of the Document Custodian 4 
 Section 3. Delivery of Collateral Files 5 
 Section 4. Release of Collateral Files 5 
 Section 5. Further Obligations of the Document Custodian 6 
 Section 6. Proper Instructions 6 
 Section 7. Transmission of Collateral Files 7 
 Section 8. Fees of the Document Custodian 8 
 Section 9. Resignation or Removal of Document Custodian 
 Termination of Agreement 8 
 Section 10. Representations 9 
 Section 11. Notices 10 
 Section 12. Concerning the Document Custodian 10 
 Section 13. Force Majeure 13 
 Section 14. Indemnification 13 
 Section 15. Amendments 13 
 Section 16. Effective Waiver 14 
 Section 17. Severability 14 
 Section 18. Binding Effect Governing Law 14 
 Section 19. Successors and Assigns Third Party Benefit 14 
 Section 20. Entire Agreement Counterparts 14 
 Section 21. Other Business 15 
 Section 22. Reproduction of Documents 15 
 Section 23. Confidentiality 15 
 Section 24. Actions Necessary to Preserve Rights under Collateral 
 Documents 15 
 Section 25. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION WAIVERS 15 
 Section 26. Compliance with Applicable Law 16 

SCHEDULE I RECOMMENDED DATA FILE CRITERIA 
 
 EXHIBIT A AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES 
 
 EXHIBIT B FORM OF REQUEST FOR RELEASE 

DOCUMENT CUSTODY AGREEMENT 
 
 This DOCUMENT CUSTODY AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of September 21, 2023 by and between PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. (the Company ), a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Maryland, and U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, organized under the laws of the United States, as document custodian (the Document Custodian ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company is a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act 
 
 WHEREAS, each of the Company and its subsidiaries (each a Subsidiary and together, the Subsidiaries is and from time to time may become the owner of certain assets (the Collateral 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain U.S. Bank National Association to act as document custodian for the Company and each Subsidiary identified to the Custodian 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to have the Document Custodian take possession of certain documents relating to such Collateral as specified herein, as the document custodian for the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Document Custodian has agreed to act as document custodian for the Company, on the terms and conditions hereof 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows 
 
 Section 1. Certain Definitions. (a) The words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Section or other subdivision and Section references refer to Sections of this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the indicated meanings unless the context or use indicates another or different meaning and intent, and the definitions of such terms are equally applicable to the singular and the plural forms of such terms. 
 
 1940 Act has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 
 
 Agreement means this Document Custody Agreement and the schedules and Exhibits hereto, as supplemented or amended from time to time. 
 
 Authorized Representative has the meaning set forth in Section 6(b) . 
 
 Business Day means any day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday, (ii) any day that is a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York, or the city or state in which the Document Custodian s offices are located or (iii) any day on which commercial banks in the State of New York, York or the city or state in which the Document Custodian s offices are located are closed or authorized or permitted to close. 

Collateral has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 
 Collateral Documents means, with respect to any Collateral, the documents comprising the Collateral File for such Collateral received by the Document Custodian pursuant to this Agreement. With respect to the Collateral, the Document Custodian shall receive, originals or where indicated, copies (including electronic copies) of the following documents or instruments, all as specified on the related Collateral Schedule and the related document checklist 
 i. other than in the case of a noted loan, 
 
 (A) the original or, if accompanied by an original lost note affidavit and indemnity, a copy of, the underlying promissory note, endorsed by the Company (that may be in the form of an allonge or note power attached thereto) as required under the related underlying instruments (and evidencing an unbroken chain of endorsements from each prior holder thereof evidenced in the chain of endorsements 
 
 (B) a copy of each transfer document or instrument relating to such Collateral (including, until the settlement date specified therein and as applicable, a commercially standard loan trade ticket that obligates the Company to settle the purchase of such Collateral on a specific date) evidencing the assignment of such Collateral to the Company, or 
 
 ii. in the case of a noteless loan, 
 
 (A) a copy of each transfer document or instrument relating to such noteless loan evidencing the assignment of such noteless loan to the Company 
 
 (B) originals or copies (including electronic copies) of each of the following 
 
 (1) to the extent applicable to the related loan any related loan agreement, credit agreement, security agreement, subordination agreement and intercreditor agreement or similar instruments, and 
 
 (2) to the extent applicable to the related loan and only to the extent such document is in the possession of the Company, any note purchase agreement, sale and servicing or collateral management agreement, acquisition agreement, guarantee, insurance policy, assumption or substitution agreement or similar material operative document, in each case together with any amendment or modification thereto, as set forth on the Collateral Schedule and document checklist. 
 
 Any statement clarified by if any or if applicable shall only refer to whether or not such item is present in the Collateral File when delivered to the Document Custodian. The Document Custodian shall have no duty or obligation to determine if such item should have been included. 

Collateral File means a file delivered to the Document Custodian by the Company (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary) pursuant to Section 3 , containing the Collateral Documents relating to the Collateral, as set forth on the Collateral Schedule delivered to the Document Custodian. 
 
 Collateral Schedule means a listing of Collateral Files in computer readable standardized text formats, delivered or caused to be delivered by the Company to the Document Custodian, incorporating the fields listed on Schedule I hereto and such other information and fields as may be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Document Custodian and in a form satisfactory to the Company and the Document Custodian. 
 
 Confidential Information means any databases, computer programs, screen formats, screen designs, report formats, interactive design techniques and other similar or related information that may be furnished to the Company by the Document Custodian from time to time pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Delivery of Collateral Files means actual receipt by the Document Custodian at its designated office of the (i) Collateral Files and (ii) Collateral Schedule relating to such Collateral Files. 
 
 Officer s Certificate means a certificate signed by an officer (authorized to sign an Officer s Certificate) of Company or other Person (on behalf of the Company) submitting a Collateral File to the Document Custodian or otherwise delivered an Officer s Certificate to the Document Custodian pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 
 
 Proper Instructions means the meaning set forth in Section 6(a) . 
 
 Request for Release means a request for release of any Collateral File, which request shall be either (i) delivered to the Document Custodian substantially in the form of Exhibit B or (ii) as otherwise agreed to between the Document Custodian and the Company. 
 
 Responsible Officer means, with respect to the Document Custodian, any officer, including any managing director, principal, vice president, assistant vice president, assistant treasurer, assistant secretary, trust officer or any other officer of the Document Custodian customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers, and also, with respect to a particular matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of such officer s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject, in each case, having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement. 
 
 Subsidiary has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 
 (b) In this Agreement unless the contrary intention appears 

i. any reference to this Agreement or another agreement or instrument refers to such agreement or instrument as the same may be amended, modified or otherwise rewritten from time to time 
 ii. a reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactments or replacements of any of them 
 iii. any term defined in the singular form may be used in, and shall include, the plural with the same meaning, and vice versa 
 iv. a reference to a Person includes a reference to the Person s executors, custodians, successors and permitted assigns 
 v. an agreement, representation or warranty in favor of two or more Persons is for the benefit of them jointly and severally 
 vi. an agreement, representation or warranty on the part of two or more Persons binds them jointly and severally and 
 vii. any reference to execute , executed , sign , signed , signature or any other like term hereunder shall include execution by electronic signature (including, without limitation, any .pdf file, .jpeg file, or any other electronic or image file, or any electronic signature as defined under the U.S. Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act E-SIGN or the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act ESRA ), which includes any electronic signature provided by Adobe Fill & Sign, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by the Company and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Document Custodian), except to the extent the Document Custodian requests otherwise. Any such electronic signatures shall be valid, effective and legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures and shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered for all purposes hereunder 
 (c) Headings are inserted for convenience and do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement 
 
 Section 2. Appointment of the Document Custodian. The Company hereby appoints the Document Custodian, and the Document Custodian hereby accepts its appointment, to act as the document custodian for the Company and each Subsidiary, to provide the services set forth in this Agreement, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 The Document Custodian acknowledges and agrees that it will hold possession of all Collateral Files delivered to it in accordance with this Agreement for the benefit of the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable. 
 
 Section 3. Delivery of Collateral Files. 
 
 A. The Company (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary) shall from time to time deliver or cause to be delivered Collateral Files, including each of the related Collateral Documents, to the Document Custodian to be held hereunder. With respect to each Delivery of Collateral Files, the Company shall provide or cause to be provided a related Collateral Schedule (in a form acceptable to the Company and the Document Custodian) to the Document Custodian with respect to such Collateral Files that are being delivered. 

B. In receiving any Collateral Files hereunder, and in maintaining any listing or providing any report or communication with respect to the Collateral Files or Collateral Documents held hereunder, the Document Custodian shall have no obligation to review or monitor any Collateral Files or Collateral Documents but shall only be required to hold those Collateral Files or other Collateral Documents received by it in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 C. The Document Custodian shall not be under any duty to review, inspect, examine or certify the Collateral Files or related Collateral Documents and without limiting the foregoing, the Document Custodian shall be entitled to assume the genuineness of each such document and the genuineness and due authority of any signatures appearing thereon, shall be entitled to assume that each such document is what it purports to be. The Document Custodian shall have no liability for or obligation with respect to, and shall not be construed or obliged to make any representation or warranty as to (i) the validity, sufficiency, marketability, genuineness, value, contents or enforceability of any Collateral Document (ii) the validity, adequacy or perfection of any lien upon or security interest purported to be evidenced or created thereby or (iii) to determine that the contents of any Collateral Document are appropriate for the represented purpose or that any Collateral Document has actually been recorded or filed, as maybe applicable, or that any Collateral Document is other than what it purports on its face to be. 
 
 D. With respect to each Subsidiary, such Collateral Files shall be held in safekeeping by the Document Custodian, individually segregated and marked so as to clearly identify them as the property of such Subsidiary as set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 E. The parties hereto agree that (i) any Subsidiary shall have the same rights and obligations as the Company under this Agreement and (ii) the Company shall notify the Document Custodian in writing as to the establishment of any Subsidiary as to which the Company requests that the Document Custodian provide services hereunder on behalf of the Subsidiary and request that the Document Custodian execute a Joinder substantially in the form as attached as Exhibit C with respect to such Subsidiary. 
 
 Section 4. Release of Collateral Files. 
 a. In the event that any Collateral File is needed by the Company for the purpose of correction of errors therein or for one of the other purposes set forth in a Request for Release, the Company shall send to the Document Custodian a Request for Release. The Document Custodian shall release such Collateral Files within three (3) Business Days of its receipt of such completed Request for Release. Any request for release by the Company (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary) shall be in the form of the Request for Release. 
 b. The Company is authorized to transmit and the Document Custodian is authorized to accept signed facsimile or email copies of Requests for Release submitted in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (or as otherwise agreed between the Document Custodian and the Company). 
 
 Section 5. Further Obligations of the Document Custodian. 

a. Maintenance of Facility . The Document Custodian shall segregate and identify the Collateral Files on its automated data system and maintain custody of all Collateral Files received by it in secure and fire resistant facilities, all in accordance with customary standards for such custody. 
 b. Insurance . The Document Custodian shall, at its own expense, maintain at all times during the existence of this Agreement and keep in full force and effect insurance in amounts, with standard coverage and subject to deductibles, all as customary for insurance typically maintained by banks that act as document custodian. Upon written request from the Company, the Document Custodian shall provide evidence (which evidence may be in the form of a certificate of the respective insurer) that such insurance is in full force and effect. 
 c. Examination . The Document Custodian shall upon not less than three (3) Business Days prior written notice permit (a) inspection during regular business hours of the Document Custodian (and subject to its usual charges for such access) by the Company (or by its auditors or agents when requested by the Company) of the Collateral Files, at such place or places where the related Collateral Files are deposited, and (b) the Company (or its auditors or agents when requested by the Company) to make copies of the Collateral Files. The Company shall be responsible for any expenses in connection with such inspection and copying. Any such inspection and copying shall be subject to the procedures of the Document Custodian. In addition, and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Document Custodian harmless from all claims, costs, expenses, losses and damages incurred by the Document Custodian as a result of the damage, loss or misplacement of any Collateral Files or Collateral Documents or other papers contained in the Collateral Files while in the possession of the Company (or its auditors or agents). 
 
 Section 6. Proper Instructions. 
 a. Any instruction or direction received by the Document Custodian in form acceptable to it from the Company (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary) shall be (i) in writing and executed by an Authorized Representative and delivered in accordance with Section 11 , (ii) by electronic mail (or other electronic transmissions) from an Authorized Representative or (iii) such other means as may be agreed upon from time to time by the Document Custodian. The Document Custodian and the Company may agree from time to time to accept other forms of instruction or direction. Any such instruction or direction delivered pursuant to this Section 6(a) shall be considered Proper Instructions. 
 b. Any of the persons whose signatures and titles appear on Exhibit A (an Authorized Representative are authorized, acting singly, to act for the Company (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary) under this Agreement. The specimen signature for each such Authorized Representative of the Company initially authorized hereunder is set forth on Exhibit A . From time to time, the Company may, by delivering to the other a revised exhibit, change the information previously given, but the Document Custodian shall be entitled to rely conclusively on the then current Exhibit until receipt of a superseding exhibit. Any electronically signed document delivered via electronic mail from a person purporting to be an Authorized Representative shall be considered signed or executed by such Authorized Representative on behalf of the applicable Person. 

The Document Custodian shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 
 c. The Document Custodian shall have no obligation to act in accordance with purported instructions to the extent that they conflict with applicable law or regulations. The Document Custodian shall not be liable for any loss resulting from a delay while it obtains clarification of any Proper Instructions. 
 d. If, in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Document Custodian is required to decide between alternative courses of action, the Document Custodian may (but shall not be obliged to) request written instructions (or, in its sole discretion, oral instructions followed by written confirmation thereof) from the Company as to the course of action desired by it, upon which the Document Custodian shall be entitled to conclusively rely. If the Document Custodian does not receive such instructions within two (2) Business Days after it has requested them, the Document Custodian may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Document Custodian shall act in accordance with instructions received from the Company in response to such request after such two Business Day period except to the extent it has already taken, or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions. 
 
 Section 7. Transmission of Collateral Files. Prior to any shipment of any Collateral Files or Collateral Documents hereunder pursuant to the request of the Company (on behalf of itself or any Subsidiary), the Company shall deliver to the Document Custodian written instructions as to the method of shipment and shipper(s) the Document Custodian is to utilize in connection with the transmission of Collateral Files or Collateral Documents in the performance of the Document Custodian s duties hereunder (which instruction shall include, if requested by the Document Custodian, billing account numbers maintained by the Customer with such shipper(s) to allow for direct billing of the related charges to the Company). The Company shall arrange for the provision of such services at its sole cost and expense (or, at the Document Custodian s option, reimburse the Document Custodian for all costs and expenses incurred by the Document Custodian consistent with such instructions) and will maintain such insurance against loss or damage to Collateral Files or other loan documents as the Company deems appropriate. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is hereby expressly agreed that in the absence of express written instruction from the Company pursuant to the preceding terms, shipment may be made by the Document Custodian in any instance by means of any recognized overnight delivery or shipping service (it being hereby expressly acknowledged that United Parcel Service is one such recognized service, without implied limitation). All costs and risks of shipment shall be borne by the Company, and it is hereby expressly agreed that in no event shall the Document Custodian have any liability for any losses or damages to any Person, arising out of actions of the Document Custodian consistent with the instructions of the Company (on behalf of itself or a Subsidiary). Any costs of shipment that may be incurred or paid by the Document Custodian from time to time may be billed by the Document Custodian to the Company on a monthly basis and shall be due and payable when billed. 

Section 8. Fees of the Document Custodian. It is understood that the Document Custodian will charge such fees for its services under this Agreement as are set forth in a separate agreement (the Fee Schedule 1 between the Document Custodian and the Company, the payment of which, together with the Document Custodian s reasonable expenses (as described below) in connection herewith, shall be solely the obligation of the Company. The final form of such Fee Schedule (as amended or modified by the parties) shall be binding upon the parties, whether or not such Fee Schedule has been executed by the parties. 
 
 The Company agrees to pay or reimburse to the Document Custodian upon its request from time to time, any and all reasonable and documented costs, disbursements, expenses and indemnification amounts (including without limitation reasonable and documented fees and expenses of legal counsel, agents and experts) paid or incurred by the Document Custodian, in connection with (i) the preparation or execution of this Agreement, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) the administration of this Agreement, (iv) the performance by the Document Custodian of its duties and services under this Agreement or (v) the enforcement by the Document Custodian of this Agreement and its indemnification rights hereunder, from time to time (including without limitation costs and expenses of any legal or other action deemed necessary by the Document Custodian to collect any amounts owing to it under this Agreement). 
 
 Any such fees, expenses and indemnification amounts payable pursuant to this Section 8 shall be due and payable within thirty (30) days of request by the Document Custodian to the Company. If such fees, expenses and indemnification amounts are not paid within 30 days from request by the Document Custodian, the Document Custodian may resign effective immediately, and shall ship all Collateral Files (in accordance with Section 7 then held by the Document Custodian on behalf of the Company to the Company at its address as provided in Section 11 . 
 
 The obligations of the Company under this Section 8 and such separate agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Document Custodian. 
 
 Section 9. Resignation or Removal of Document Custodian Termination of Agreement. 
 A. The Document Custodian may terminate its obligations under this Agreement upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the Company. In the event of such termination, (i) the Company shall appoint, by written instrument, a successor document custodian and (ii) the Document Custodian, promptly upon payment of any unpaid fees, expenses and indemnification amounts due to the Document Custodian, shall transfer to the successor document custodian, as directed, all Collateral Files being held by the Document Custodian under this Agreement. The Document Custodian s sole responsibility after the termination of its obligations as aforesaid shall be to safely maintain all of the Collateral Files and to deliver the same to a successor document custodian provided, that if a successor document custodian has not accepted custodial responsibilities within the period set forth in the first sentence of this Section 9(a) , the Document Custodian may, at the expense of the Company, either (i) deliver all Collateral Files to the Company, or (ii) petition any court of competent jurisdiction to name a successor document custodian. The Document Custodian shall not be responsible for the fees and expenses of any successor document custodian. Upon delivery of the Collateral Files to any successor document custodian or to the Company as provided in this paragraph, all duties and 

obligations of the Document Custodian shall cease and terminate. The payment of all costs and expenses relating to the transfer of the Collateral Files (including any shipping costs) upon termination shall be the sole responsibility of the Company. 
 B. The Company may at any time and without cause remove and discharge the Document Custodian from the performance of its duties under this Agreement upon at least sixty (60) days written notice to from the Company to the Document Custodian. Such removal shall take effect upon (i) the appointment of a successor document custodian by the Company, and (ii) delivery of all the Collateral Files to the successor document custodian, which delivery shall be subject to, and shall be made promptly after, payment of the Document Custodian s unpaid fees, expenses and indemnification amounts. The payment of such successor document custodian s fees and expenses and all costs and expenses in connection with such transfer shall be the sole responsibility of the Company. If a successor document custodian is not appointed by the Company within the aforementioned sixty (60) days, the Document Custodian may, at the expense of the Company, deliver all the Collateral Files to the Company. Upon delivery of the Collateral Files to the Company as provided in this paragraph, all duties and obligations of the Document Custodian shall cease and terminate. The payment of all costs and expenses relating to the transfer of the Collateral Files (including any shipping costs) upon termination shall be the sole responsibility of the Company. 
 C. This Agreement shall terminate on the date on which the Company notifies the Document Custodian in writing that the Agreement is terminated. Upon the Document Custodian s receipt of both such written termination and the payment of any due and unpaid fees, expenses and indemnification amounts, the Document Custodian shall, within a reasonable time, deliver any remaining Collateral Files to the Company or its designee, as directed by the Company and at the Company s expense (including any shipping costs). 
 
 Section 10. Representations 
 A. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Document Custodian that it has the power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and it has duly authorized and executed this Agreement so as to constitute its valid and binding obligation and in giving any instructions which purport to be Proper Instructions under this Agreement, the Company will act in accordance with the provisions of its governing documents and any applicable laws and regulations. 
 B. The Document Custodian hereby represents and warrants to the Company that it has the power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and it has duly authorized and executed this Agreement so as to constitute its valid and binding obligations. 
 
 Section 11. Notices. 
 A. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all Proper Instructions, notices or any other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent (i) certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, (ii) recognized courier or delivery service or (iii) facsimile, .pdf transmission or electronic mail, to the Company or the Document Custodian at the following address, as applicable (or such other address as either party may designate by written notice to the other party) 

If to the Company, to 
 
 Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. 
 10 East 40th Street, 42nd Floor 
 New York, New York 10016 
 Attention Jonathan Tepper 
 Facsimile 212-448-9652 
 Email jtepper prospectcap.com 
 lharrison prospectcap.com 
 pfloat prospectcap.com 
 pacctflex prospectcap.com 
 pl prospectcap.com 
 fax prospectcap.com 

If to the Document Custodian, to 
 
 U.S. Bank National Association 
 1719 Otis Way 
 Florence, South Carolina 29501 
 Ref Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC 
 Attention Steven Garrett 
 Fax No. (843) 676-8901 
 Email steven.garrett usbank.com 
 
 Section 12. Concerning the Document Custodian. The acceptance by the Document Custodian of its appointment hereunder is expressly subject to the following terms, which shall govern and apply to each of the terms and provisions of this Agreement (whether or not so stated therein or herein). 
 A. The Document Custodian shall have no duties, obligations or responsibilities under this Agreement or with respect to the Collateral Files or the Collateral Documents except for such duties, obligations or responsibilities as are expressly and specifically set forth in this Agreement as duties obligations or responsibilities on its part to be performed, and the duties obligations and responsibilities of the Document Custodian shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Agreement. No implied duties, obligations or responsibilities shall be read into this Agreement against, or on the part of, the Document Custodian. Any permissive right of the Document Custodian to take any action hereunder shall not be construed as a duty. 
 B. The Document Custodian makes no representations as to and shall not be responsible for or required to verify (A) the validity, legality, enforceability, due authorization, effectiveness, recordability, insurability, sufficiency, value, form, substance, or genuineness of any of the documents contained in any Collateral File or (B) the collectability, validity, transferability, insurability, value, effectiveness, perfection, priority or suitability of any Collateral File or any document contained therein. 
 C. The Document Custodian shall have no responsibilities or duties with respect to any Collateral File while such Collateral File is not in its possession. 
 D. The Document Custodian may rely on and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any written notice, instruction, statement, certificate, request, waiver, 

consent, opinion, report, receipt, electronic transmission or other paper or document furnished to it in accordance with this Agreement, not only as to its due execution and validity, but also as to the truth and accuracy of any information therein contained, which it in good faith believes to be genuine and signed or presented by the proper person (which in the case of any instruction from or on behalf of the Company shall be an Authorized Person). The Document Custodian shall be entitled to presume the genuineness and due authority of any signature appearing thereon. The Document Custodian shall not be bound to make any independent investigation into the facts or matters stated in any such notice, instruction, statement, certificate, request, waiver, consent, opinion, report, receipt or other paper or document, provided, however, that if the form thereof is specifically prescribed by the terms of this Agreement, the Document Custodian shall examine the same to determine whether it substantially conforms on its face to the requirements set forth herein. 
 E. Neither the Document Custodian nor any of its directors, officers or employees shall be liable to anyone for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted to be taken by it (or any of its directors, officers of employees), or for any mistake of fact or law, or for anything which it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith, unless such action or inaction constitutes gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the Document Custodian. 
 F. The Document Custodian shall not be liable for any action taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be within powers conferred upon it, or taken by it pursuant to any direction or instruction received by it in accordance with this Agreement, or omitted to be taken by it by reason of the lack of direction or instruction required hereby for such action. 
 G. The Document Custodian may consult with, and obtain advice from, legal counsel selected in good faith, with respect to any question as to any of the provisions hereof or its duties hereunder, or any matter relating hereto, and the opinion or advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered, or omitted by the Document Custodian in good faith in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. The reasonable costs and expenses of such advice or opinion shall be reimbursed by the Company pursuant to Section 8 . 
 H. No provision of this Agreement shall require the Document Custodian to expend or risk its own funds, take any action hereunder (or omit to take any action) or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties under this Agreement if it shall have grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or indemnity satisfactory is not assured to it. 
 I. The Document Custodian may act or exercise its duties or powers hereunder through agents or attorneys, and the Document Custodian shall not be liable or responsible for the actions or omissions of any such agent or attorney appointed with due care. 
 J. If the Document Custodian shall request instructions from the Company with respect to any act, action or failure to act in connection with this Agreement, the Document Custodian shall be entitled to refrain from taking such action and continue to refrain from acting unless and until the Document Custodian shall have received written instructions from the Company without incurring any liability therefor to the Company, or any other Person. 
 K. In no event shall the Document Custodian or its directors, affiliates, officers, agents and employees be held liable for any lost profits or exemplary, punitive, special, indirect or consequential damages of any kind (including loss of profits or diminution in value) 

resulting from any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them hereunder or in connection herewith even if advised of the possibility of such damages. 
 L. The Document Custodian shall not be deemed to have notice of any fact, claim or demand with respect hereto unless actually known by a Responsible Officer of the Document Custodian or unless (and then only to the extent received) in writing by the Document Custodian in accordance with Section 11 and specifically referencing this Agreement. Any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Document Custodian shall have no notice of and shall not be bound by any of the terms and conditions of any other document or agreement unless the Document Custodian is a signatory party to that document or agreement. 
 M. The Document Custodian shall not be responsible for the preparation or filing of any reports or returns relating to federal, state or local income taxes with respect to this Agreement, other than in respect of the Document Custodian s compensation or for reimbursement of expenses shall be under no obligation to verify the authenticity of any signature on any of the documents received or examined by it in connection with this Agreement or the authority or capacity of any person to execute or issue such document, except as provided in Section 6 with respect to Authorized Representatives shall have no duty to ascertain whether or not any cash amount or payment has been received by the Company or any third person and shall not be required to perform any cash movement functions in relation to this Agreement and shall not be required to value or produce a report detailing the value of the Collateral Files. 
 N. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to impose on the Document Custodian any duty to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction, other than (i) any jurisdiction where any Collateral File is or may be held by the Document Custodian from time to time hereunder, and (ii) any jurisdiction where its ownership of property or conduct of business requires such qualification and where failure to qualify could have a material adverse effect on the Document Custodian or its property or business or on the ability of the Document Custodian to perform its duties hereunder. 
 
 The provisions of this Section 12 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Document Custodian. 
 
 Section 13. Force Majeure. In no event shall any party hereto be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, events, circumstances or forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, nationalization, expropriation, currency restrictions, the interruption, disruption or suspension of the normal procedures and practices of any securities market, power, mechanical, communications or other technological failures or interruptions, computer viruses or the like, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services, fires, floods, earthquakes or other natural disasters, civil or military disturbance, acts of war or terrorism, riots, revolution, acts of God, work stoppages, strikes, accidents, national disasters of any kind, nuclear or natural catastrophes, pandemics or other similar events or acts errors by the Company (including any Authorized Representative) in its instructions to the Document Custodian or changes in applicable law, regulation or orders. 
 
 Section 14. Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Document Custodian and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, designees, successors and assigns from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, damages, penalties, 

claims, actions, judgments, suits, disbursements, losses, costs and expenses of any kind or nature, including reasonable and documented fees and expenses of legal counsel, court costs and costs of appeal arising from or connected with, the Document Custodian s execution and performance of this Agreement and the enforcement of any provision hereunder, its participation in any transaction contemplated hereby, or the relationship between the Document Custodian and the Company (including any Subsidiary) created hereby, including but not limited to the claims of any third parties against the Document Custodian, except to the extent such loss, liability or expense results from the gross negligence, bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct on the part of the Document Custodian. 
 
 The foregoing indemnifications shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Document Custodian hereunder. 
 
 Section 15. Amendments. 
 (a) No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement and no consent to any departure herefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing (including a writing evidenced by a facsimile transmission, PDF or electronic mail) and signed (whether by manual, facsimile, PDF or other electronic signature) by the parties hereto. The Document Custodian shall not be required to execute any amendment that adversely affects its rights, duties, indemnities or immunities hereunder. However, with respect to any change in review procedure, this Agreement may be amended by mutual agreement between the parties hereto in the form of consent via electronic mail. Any such email shall reference this Agreement and shall specify that it is an amendment to the review procedures 
 (b) From time to time, the Company may request that a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company join in this Agreement and have all of the rights and obligations as any other Subsidiary. It shall be within the Document Custodian s sole discretion to agree to such a joinder. The Company agrees to cause the Subsidiary to deliver to the Document Custodian a Joinder and such other documentation as the Document Custodian may require. Such Joinder shall not be effective until agreed to and executed by the Document Custodian. 

Section 16. Effective Waiver. In no instance shall any delay or failure to act be deemed to be or effective as a waiver by any party of any right, power or term hereunder, unless and except to the extent such waiver is set forth in an expressly written instrument signed by the party against whom it is to be charged. 
 
 Section 17. Severability . If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement should be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein or therein shall in no way be affected, prejudiced or disturbed thereby. 
 
 Section 18. Binding Effect Governing Law. This Agreement shall be binding and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by the law of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. 

Section 19. Successors and Assigns Third Party Benefit. 
 A. The covenants and agreements set forth herein shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither party shall be permitted to assign their rights under this Agreement without the written consent of the other party. 
 B. Any Person into which the Document Custodian may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Document Custodian shall be a party, or any Person to which all or substantially all of the document custody business of the Document Custodian may be sold or otherwise transferred, shall without the execution or filing of any paper or further act on the part of any parties hereto become the successor document custodian hereunder (including, without the prior written consent of the Company). 
 C. This Agreement is not intended for, and shall not be construed to be intended for, the benefit of any third parties and may not be relied upon or enforced by any third parties (other than successors and permitted assigns pursuant to this Section 19 . 
 
 Section 20. Entire Agreement Counterparts. This Agreement, together with the exhibits, schedules and other writings referred to herein or delivered pursuant hereto, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the matters and transactions contemplated by this Agreement and supersedes any prior agreement and understandings with respect to those matters and transactions. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement (and by facsimile, electronic mail, .pdf transmission or other electronic transmission, which facsimile, electronic mail, .pdf transmission or other electronic transmission signatures shall be considered original executed counterparts). 
 
 Section 21. Other Business. Nothing herein shall prevent the Document Custodian or any of its affiliates from engaging in other business, or from entering into any other transaction or financial or other relationship with, or receiving fees from or from rendering services of any kind to the Company or any other Person. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall constitute the Company and or the Document Custodian (and or any other Person) as members of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or similar assignment as a result of or by virtue of the engagement or relationship established by this Agreement. 
 
 Section 22. Reproduction of Documents. This Agreement and all schedules, exhibits, attachments and amendment hereto may be reproduced by any photographic, photostatic, microfilm, micro-card, miniature photographic, facsimile, .pdf, electronic mail or other similar process. The parties hereto each agree that any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding, whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made by a party in the regular course of business, and that any enlargement, facsimile or further production shall likewise be admissible in evidence. 
 
 Section 23. Confidentiality. The parties hereto agree that they and their advisors, including legal counsel, shall not disclose to any other Person and shall keep confidential the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including fee arrangements) and any amendment, supplement, Schedule or Exhibit hereto Confidential Information ). In the event that any party hereto or its advisors breaches any provision of this section, then, in addition to any other rights 

and remedies available to the non-breaching party, a non-breaching party shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief against the breaching party without the necessity of proving actual damages. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed by a party to the extent that (i) such party reasonably deems necessary to do so in working with taxing authorities or other governmental agencies or regulatory bodies or in order to comply with any applicable laws, (ii) any portion of the Confidential Information is required by law or requested by judicial or regulatory or supervisory process to be disclosed, or (iii) such disclosure is necessary to establish, make effective or enforce the Company s rights in the Collateral contained in the related Collateral File held by the Document Custodian pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 Section 24. Actions Necessary to Preserve Rights under Collateral Documents. Notwithstanding the Delivery of Collateral Files to the Document Custodian, the Company acknowledges that the Document Custodian shall have no obligation to (i) collect or enforce any Collateral Document, (ii) take action to preserve or maintain the obligations of any party obligated under any Collateral Document, (iii) take action to protect, preserve or safeguard the rights of the Company against any Person under the Collateral Documents, or (iv) take action to obtain, preserve, safeguard, continue, perpetuate or enforce rights against any collateral which may secure repayment of any Collateral. The Company hereby expressly releases the Document Custodian from the obligation to take any such action. 
 
 Section 25. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION WAIVERS. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE DOCUMENT CUSTODIAN HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY 
 
 A. SUBMITS FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION AND ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT IN RESPECT THEREOF, TO THE GENERAL JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, THE FEDERAL COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY THEREOF 
 B. CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE BROUGHT IN SUCH COURTS AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT COURT AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM THE SAME 
 C. AGREES THAT, WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPANY, SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE EFFECTED BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL (OR ANY SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR FORM OF MAIL), POSTAGE PREPAID, TO ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 11 HEREIN OR AT SUCH OTHER ADDRESS OF WHICH EACH OTHER PARTY HERETO SHALL HAVE BEEN NOTIFIED IN WRITING 
 D. AGREES THAT NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT TO EFFECT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT TO SUE IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION AND 

E. WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
 
 Section 26. Compliance with Applicable Law. (a) In order to comply with laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering Applicable Law ), the Document Custodian is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Document Custodian. Accordingly, the Company agrees to provide to the Document Custodian upon its request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable the Document Custodian to comply with Applicable Law. 
 
 (b) The Company hereby acknowledges receipt of the following notice 
 
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT 
 
 To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. For a non-individual person such as a business entity, a charity, a trust or other legal entity, the Document Custodian will ask for documentation to verify its formation and existence as a legal entity. The Document Custodian may also ask to see financial statements, licenses, identification and authorization documents from individuals claiming authority to represent the entity or other relevant documentation. 
 
 Section 27. Electronic Signatures . By executing this Agreement, the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees, and directs the Document Custodian to acknowledge and agree and the Document Custodian does hereby acknowledge and agree, that execution of this Agreement, any Proper Instructions and any other notice, form or other document executed by the Company or the Document Custodian in connection with this Agreement, by electronic signatures (including, without limitation, any .pdf file, .jpeg file, or any other electronic or image file, or any electronic signature as defined under E-SIGN or ESRA, which includes any electronic signature provided using Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by the Company and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Document Custodian) shall be permitted hereunder notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and such electronic signatures shall be legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures. Any electronically signed document delivered via electronic mail from a person purporting to be an Authorized Representative shall be considered signed or executed by such Authorized Representative on behalf of the Company. The Company also hereby acknowledges that the Document Custodian shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 
 
 PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME Fund, INC. , as Company 

By __________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Document Custodian 
 
 By __________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

SCHEDULE I 
 
 Recommended Data File Criteria 
 
 Each of the items listed below must be in its own cell within either a CSV or Excel spreadsheet. 
 Data files should be sent electronically via email to your collateral review specialist at U.S. Bank. 
 a. Asset Number 
 a. Asset Name 

Please remember that the shipment of Collateral Files must come to U.S. Bank in the same order as the data file. 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES 
 
 Any of the following persons shall be an Authorized Representative (as this list may be subsequently modified by the Company from time to time by delivery of a replacement list to the Document Custodian) 
 
 NAME TITLE SIGNATURE 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 FORM OF REQUEST FOR RELEASE 
 
 (attached) 

Request for Release of Documents 
 
 U.S. Bank Global Corporate Trust 
 1719 Otis Way 
 Florence, South Carolina 29501 
 
 Attention Document Custody Services 
 Receiving Unit 
 Email dcs usbank.co 
 Fax (651) 695-6100 or (651) 695-610 

RE Document Custody Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2023 (the Document Custody Agreement between Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC (the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian (the Document Custodian 
 
 Pursuant to Section 4 of the Document Custody Agreement, we request the release of the Collateral Files relating to the Collateral listed on the attached Excel spreadsheet for the reason indicated below 
 
 Reason for Requesting Documents (Check One) 
 1) Collateral Paid in Full 2) Collateral being Substituted 3) Collateral being Liquidated by Company 4) Other- Description Needed Below 
 Company Authorized Representative Name (Printed) Title (Printed) Date Phone 
 File Delivery Instructions Address Needed 
 Upon Completion of Request, for Release, please scan and email the request to the appropriate DCS Vault Location. If applicable, please indicate if the request is a Rush in the subject line. Please fax the form if you do not have access to email. Florence 
 dcsflorencescreleases usbank.com 
 Frederick 
 electronic.release.requests usbank.com 
 Jacksonville 
 dcsctsjacksonville.requests usbank.com 
 Saint Paul 
 dcs usbank.com 
 St. Petersburg 
 documentcustody.stpete usbank.com 
 Rocklin 
 dcs-rocklin usbank.com 
 Tempe 
 tempe.dcs.request usbank.com 

Exhibit B-1 
 ACTIVE 1602581276.4 

Exhibit C 
 
 FORM OF COMPANY JOINDER AGREEMENT 
 to 
 Document Custody Agreement 
 dated as of , 2023 
 ________________ 
 Reference is made to the Document Custody Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2023 (the Document Custody Agreement by and among Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. and each entity that has executed a Company Joinder Agreement (each referred to as the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian (the Document Custodian ). Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein have the meanings specified in the Document Custody Agreement. This Company Joinder Agreement is being delivered to the Document Custodian by the undersigned pursuant to the Document Custody Agreement. 
 
 By executing and delivering this Company Joinder Agreement, the Company, as a proposed party to the Document Custody Agreement, confirms to and agrees with the Document Custodian that the Company, on and after the date hereof, hereby (i) becomes a party to the Document Custody Agreement as a Company and (ii) agrees to be bound by all of the terms and provisions of the Document Custody Agreement applicable to the Company. The Company agrees that by executing and delivering this Company Joinder Agreement, the Company will be deemed to have made and expressed the representations and warranties contained in the Document Custody Agreement and any other related documents which are made by the Company, in each case as of the date hereof. 
 
 The initial Authorized Persons of the Company are as set forth on Appendix 1 to this Company Joinder Agreement. Appendix 1 and any of the items included therein may be modified from time to time by written notice from the Company to the Document Custodian. 
 All notices, approvals and other communications hereunder shall be sufficient if made in writing (unless and except where and to the extent otherwise expressly provided by the terms of the Document Custody Agreement) and given to the parties at the following address (or such other address as either of them may subsequently designate by notice to the other), given by (i) certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, (ii) recognized courier or delivery service, or (iii) confirmed telecopier, with a duplicate sent on the same day by first class mail, postage prepaid 
 
 a. if to the Company, to 
 
 Address 
 Attention 
 
 b. if to the Document Custodian, to 
 
 U.S. Bank National Association, Global Corporate Trust, 
 1719 Otis Way Florence, South Carolina 29501 
 Attention Steven Garrett 
 Email usbank.com 
 
 This Company Joinder Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. 
 Signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Company Joinder Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written. 
 Joinder Company , as Company 
 
 By __________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Document Custodian 
 
 By __________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

Appendix I 
 Name of Authorized Person Specimen Signature Name Name 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 8
 usb-pfloatxsecuritiescusto.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

_____________________ 
 CUSTODY AGREEMENT 
 _____________________ 
 dated as of September 21, 2023 
 by and between 

PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. 
 Company 
 and 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 Custodian 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 1. DEFINITIONS 
 1 
 2. APPOINTMENT OF CUSTODIAN 
 7 
 3. DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN 
 8 
 4. REPORTING 
 17 
 5. DEPOSIT IN U.S. SECURITIES SYSTEMS 
 17 
 6. SECURITIES HELD OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES 
 18 
 7. CERTAIN GENERAL TERMS 
 21 
 8. COMPENSATION OF CUSTODIAN 
 24 
 9. RESPONSIBILITY OF CUSTODIAN 
 24 
 10. SECURITY CODES 
 27 
 11. TAX LAW 
 27 
 12. EFFECTIVE PERIOD AND TERMINATION 
 28 
 13. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 29 
 14. PARTIES IN INTEREST NO THIRD PARTY BENEFIT 
 30 
 15. NOTICES 
 30 
 16. CHOICE OF LAW AND JURISDICTION 
 31 
 17. ENTIRE AGREEMENT COUNTERPARTS 
 31 
 18. AMENDMENT WAIVER 
 32 
 19. SUCCESSOR AND ASSIGNS 
 32 
 20. SEVERABILITY 
 33 
 21. REQUEST FOR INSTRUCTIONS 
 33 
 22. OTHER BUSINESS 
 33 
 23. REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS 
 33 
 24. MISCELLANEOUS 
 33 
 
 SCHEDULES 
 SCHEDULE A Initial Authorized Persons 
 i 
 ACTIVE 1602581275.4 

THIS CUSTODY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is dated as of September 21, 2023 and is by and between PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC. (and any successor or permitted assign, the Company ), a Maryland corporation and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (or any successor or permitted assign acting as custodian hereunder, the Custodian ), a national banking association. 
 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Company is a closed-end management investment company, which, prior to the commencement of its investment operations, has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association to act as custodian for the Company and each Subsidiary hereafter identified to the Custodian 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires that certain of the Company s Securities (as defined below) and cash be held and administered by the Custodian pursuant to this Agreement in compliance with Section 17(f) of the 1940 Act 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. DEFINITIONS 
 1.1 Defined Terms . In addition to terms expressly defined elsewhere herein, the following words shall have the following meanings as used in this Agreement 
 Account or Accounts means the Securities Account(s) and any Subsidiary Securities Account(s), collectively. 
 Agreement means this Custody Agreement (as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof). 
 Authorized Person has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(a) . 
 Business Day means any day that is not Saturday or Sunday and is not a legal holiday or a day in which banking institutions generally are authorized or obligated by law or regulation to remain closed in New York, New York, or the city in which the Custodian (pursuant to Section 15 or any Sub-Custodian is located. 
 Company has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Confidential Information has the meaning set forth in Section 24 . 
 Custodian has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 
 Disclosing Party has the meaning set forth in Section 24 . 
 Document Custody Agreement means the Document Custody Agreement dated as of even date between the Document Custodian and the Company. 
 
 ACTIVE 1602581275.4 

Document Custodian means U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as document custodian under that certain Document Custody Agreement. 
 Eligible Foreign Custodian has the meaning set forth in Rule 17f-5(a)(1), including a majority-owned or indirect subsidiary of a U.S. Bank (as defined in Rule 17f-5), a bank holding company meeting the requirements of an Eligible Foreign Custodian (as set forth in Rule 17f-5 or by other appropriate action of the SEC), or a foreign branch of a Bank (as defined in Section 2(a)(5) of the 1940 Act) meeting the requirements of a custodian under Section 17(f) of the 1940 Act the term does not include any Eligible Securities Depository. 
 Eligible Investment means any investment that at the time of its acquisition is one or more of the following 
 (a) United States government and agency obligations 
 (b) commercial paper having a rating assigned to such commercial paper by Standard & Poor s Rating Services or Moody s Investor Service, Inc. (or, if neither such organization shall rate such commercial paper at such time, by any nationally recognized rating organization in the United States of America) equal to one of the two highest ratings assigned by such organization, it being understood that as of the date hereof such ratings by Standard & Poor s Rating Services are A1+ and A1 and such ratings by Moody s Investor Service, Inc. are P1 and P2 
 (c) interest bearing deposits in United States dollars in United States banks with an unrestricted surplus of at least U.S. 250,000,000, maturing within one year and 
 (d) money market funds (including funds of the bank serving as Custodian or its affiliates) or United States government securities funds designed to maintain a fixed share price and high liquidity. 
 Eligible Securities Depository has the meaning set forth in Section (b)(1) of Rule 17f-7 under the 1940 Act. 
 ERISA has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(c) . 
 Federal Reserve Bank Book-Entry System means a depository and securities transfer system operated by the Federal Reserve Bank of the United States on which are eligible to be held all United States Government direct obligation bills, notes and bonds. 
 Financing Documents means any Loan Assignment Agreement, Participation Agreement, and any related instrument, security, credit agreement, assignment agreement and or other agreements or documents, if any, that may be delivered to the Custodian pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Foreign Sub-custodian means and includes any sub-custodian appointed to administer any of the Company s Foreign Securities, pursuant to Section 6 . 
 Foreign Securities means Securities for which the primary market is outside the United States. 
 Investment Adviser means Prospect Capital Management L.P. 
 2 

Loan means any U.S. dollar denominated commercial loan, or Participation therein, whether made by a bank or other financial institution and or made in a direct lending capacity to the borrower thereunder or otherwise that by its terms provides for payments of principal and or interest, including discount obligations and payment-in-kind obligations, acquired by the Company from time to time. 
 Loan Assignment Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b)(ii) . 
 Participation means an interest in a Loan that is acquired indirectly by way of a participation from a selling institution. 
 Participation Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3(b)(ii) . 
 Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof) unincorporated organization, or any government or agency or political subdivision thereof. 
 Plan-assets Vehicle has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(c) . 
 Proceeds means, collectively, (i) the net cash proceeds to the Company of any offering by the Company of any class of securities issued by the Company, (ii) all cash distributions, earnings, dividends, fees and other cash payments paid on the Securities (or, as applicable, Subsidiary Securities) by or on behalf of the issuer or obligor thereof, or applicable paying agent or administrative agent, (iii) the net cash proceeds of the sale or other disposition of the Securities (or, as applicable, Subsidiary Securities) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (and any Reinvestment Earnings from investment of the foregoing) and (iv) the net cash proceeds to the Company of any borrowing or other financing by the Company, as delivered to and received by the Custodian from time to time. 
 Proper Instructions means instructions (including Trade Confirmations) received by the Custodian in form acceptable to it, from the Company or any Person duly authorized by the Company in any of the following forms acceptable to the Custodian 
 (a) in writing signed by an Authorized Person (and delivered by hand, by mail, by electronic mail, by overnight courier or by facsimile) 
 (b) by electronic mail (or other electronic transmission) from an Authorized Person 
 (c) in a communication utilizing access codes effected between electro mechanical or electronic devices or 
 (d) such other means as may be agreed upon from time to time by the Custodian and the party giving such instructions, including oral instructions and any SWIFT Transmissions (as defined herein). 
 Receiving Party has the meaning set forth in Section 24 . 
 Reinvestment Earnings has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(b) . 
 3 

Securities means, collectively, (i) the investments, including Loans and Uncertificated Securities, acquired by the Company and delivered to the Custodian by the Company from time to time during the term of, and pursuant to the terms of, this Agreement and (ii) all dividends in kind (e.g., non-cash dividends) from the investments described in clause (i). For avoidance of doubt, the term securities includes stocks, shares, bonds, debentures, notes, mortgages or other obligations and any certificates, receipts, warrants or other instruments representing rights to receive, purchase, or subscribe for the same, or evidencing or representing any other rights or interests therein, or in any property or assets. 
 Securities Account(s) means collectively the segregated accounts to be established by the Custodian at U.S. Bank National Association or any affiliate to which the Custodian shall deposit or credit and hold the Securities (other than Loans or Uncertificated Securities) and any cash Proceeds from time to time from or with respect to the Securities or the sale of the Securities of the Company, as applicable and in each case received by the Custodian pursuant to this Agreement, which account shall be in the name of the Company. The initial Securities Accounts are listed in Exhibit A . 
 Securities Depository means The Depository Trust Company and any other clearing agency registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), which acts as a system for the central handling of Securities where all Securities of any particular class or series of an issuer deposited within the system are treated as fungible and may be transferred or pledged by bookkeeping entry without physical delivery of the Securities. 
 Securities System means the Federal Reserve Book-Entry System, a clearing agency which acts as a Securities Depository, or another book entry system for the central handling of securities (including an Eligible Securities Depository). 
 Shares means the shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company. 
 Street Delivery Custom means a custom of the United States securities market to deliver securities which are being sold to the buying broker for examination to determine that the securities are in proper form. 
 Street Name means the form of registration in which the securities are held by a broker who is delivering the securities to another broker for the purposes of sale, it being an accepted custom in the United States securities industry that a security in Street Name is in proper form for delivery to a buyer and that a security may be re-registered by a buyer in the ordinary course. 
 
 Sub-Custodian shall mean and include (i) any branch of a U.S. bank, as that term is defined in Rule 17f-5 under the 1940 Act, and (ii) any Eligible Foreign Custodian , as that term is defined in Rule 17f-5 under the 1940 Act, having a contract with the Custodian which the Custodian has determined will provide reasonable care of assets of the Company based on the standards specified in Section 3.14 . Such contract shall be in writing and shall include provisions that provide (i) for indemnification or insurance arrangements (or any combination of the foregoing) such that the Company will be adequately protected against the risk of loss of assets held in accordance with such contract (ii) that the Foreign Securities will not be subject to any right, charge, security interest, lien or claim of any kind in favor of the Sub-Custodian or its creditors except a claim of payment for their safe custody or administration, in the case of cash deposits, liens or rights in favor of creditors of the Sub-Custodian arising under bankruptcy, 
 4 

insolvency, or similar laws (iii) that beneficial ownership for the Foreign Securities will be freely transferable without the payment of money or value other than for safe custody or administration (iv) that adequate records will be maintained identifying the assets as belonging to the Company or as being held by a third party for the benefit of the Company (v) that the Company s independent public accountants will be given access to those records or confirmation of the contents of those records and (vi) that the Company will receive periodic reports with respect to the safekeeping of the Company s assets, including, but not limited to, notification of any transfer to or from the Company's account or a third party account containing assets held for the benefit of the Company. Such contract may contain, in lieu of any or all of the provisions specified in (i)-(vi) above, such other provisions that the Custodian determines will provide, in their entirety, the same or a greater level of care and protection for Company assets as the specified provisions. 
 Subsidiary means, collectively, any wholly owned subsidiary of any Company identified to the Custodian by the Company. 
 
 Subsidiary Securities means, collectively, (i) the investments, including Loans, acquired by a Subsidiary and delivered to the Custodian by such Subsidiary from time to time during the term of, and pursuant to the terms of, this Agreement and (ii) all dividends in kind (e.g., non-cash dividends) from the investments described in clause (i). 
 
 Subsidiary Securities Account(s) shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.13(a) . 
 
 Trade Confirmation means a trade ticket or confirmation to the Custodian from the Company of the Company s acquisition of a Loan, and setting forth applicable information with respect to such Loan, in such form as may be acceptable to the Custodian. 
 Uncertificated Security means a Security that is not represented by a physical certificate. 
 Underlying Loan Agreement means, with respect to any Loan, the document or documents evidencing the commercial loan agreement or facility pursuant to which such Loan is made. 
 Underlying Loan Documents means, with respect to any Loan, the related Underlying Loan Agreement together with any agreements and instruments (including any Underlying Note) executed or delivered in connection therewith. 
 Underlying Note means the one or more promissory notes executed by an obligor evidencing a Loan. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. 
 
 1.2 Construction. In this Agreement unless the contrary intention appears 
 (a) any reference to this Agreement or another agreement or instrument refers to such agreement or instrument as the same may be amended, modified or otherwise rewritten from time to time 
 5 

(b) a reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactments or replacements of any of them 
 (c) any term defined in the singular form may be used in, and shall include, the plural with the same meaning, and vice versa 
 (d) a reference to a Person includes a reference to the Person s executors, custodians, successors and permitted assigns 
 (e) an agreement, representation or warranty in favor of two or more Persons is for the benefit of them jointly and severally 
 (f) an agreement, representation or warranty on the part of two or more Persons binds them jointly and severally 
 (g) a reference to the term including means including, without limitation, 
 (h) a reference to any accounting term is to be interpreted in accordance with generally accepted principles and practices in the United States, consistently applied, unless otherwise instructed by the Company and 
 (i) any reference to execute , executed , sign , signed , signature or any other like term hereunder shall include execution by electronic signature (including, without limitation, any .pdf file, .jpeg file, or any other electronic or image file, or any electronic signature as defined under the U.S. Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act E-SIGN or the New York Electronic Signatures and Records Act ESRA ), which includes any electronic signature provided using Orbit, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by the Company and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Custodian), except to the extent the Custodian requests otherwise. Any such electronic signatures shall be valid, effective and legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures and shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered for all purposes hereunder. 
 1.3 Headings . Headings are inserted for convenience and do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 
 2. APPOINTMENT OF CUSTODIAN 
 2.1 Appointment and Acceptance . (a) The Company hereby appoints the Custodian as custodian of all Securities and Proceeds owned by the Company and the Subsidiaries (as applicable) and delivered to and received by the Custodian from time to time during the period of this Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (which shall include any addendum hereto which is hereby incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement), and the Custodian hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the services and duties set forth in this Agreement with respect to it and subject to and in accordance with the provisions hereof. Any Account may contain any number of accounts for the convenience of the Custodian or as required by the Company or the Subsidiaries (as applicable) for convenience in administering such accounts. 
 
 6 

2.2 Instructions . The Company agrees that it shall from time to time provide, or cause to be provided, to the Custodian all necessary instructions and information, and shall respond promptly to all inquiries and requests of the Custodian, as may reasonably be necessary to enable the Custodian to perform its duties hereunder. 
 2.3 Company Responsible For Directions. The Company is solely responsible for directing the Custodian with respect to deposits to, withdrawals from and transfers to or from the Accounts. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Custodian has no responsibility for the Company s legal and regulatory compliance (including the 1940 Act), any of its obligations to third-parties in respect of the Accounts, and the Custodian shall have no liability for the application of any funds made with Proper Instructions of the Company. The Company shall be solely responsible for properly instructing all applicable payors to make all appropriate payments to the Custodian for deposit to the Accounts, and for properly instructing the Custodian with respect to the allocation or application of all such deposits. 
 3. DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN 
 3.1 Segregation . All Securities, Subsidiary Securities and non-cash property held by the Custodian, as applicable, for the account of the Company or Subsidiary, respectively (other than Securities and Subsidiary Securities maintained in a Securities Depository or Securities System), shall be physically segregated from other Securities and non-cash property in the possession of the Custodian (including the Securities and non-cash property of the other series of the Company, if applicable) and shall be identified as subject to this Agreement. 
 3.2 Securities Custody Account . The Custodian shall open and maintain at U.S. Bank National Association or any affiliate a segregated account in the name of the Company, subject only to order of the Custodian, in which the Custodian shall enter and carry, subject to Section 3.3(b) , all Securities (other than Loans and Uncertificated Securities), cash and other investment assets of the Company which are delivered to it in accordance with this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Custodian shall not be required to credit or deposit Loans or Uncertificated Securities in the Securities Account but shall instead maintain a register of such Loans or Uncertificated Securities, containing such information as the Company and the Custodian may reasonably agree and marked so as to clearly identify them as the property of the Company. 
 The Custodian shall have no power or authority to assign, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of any such Securities and investments except pursuant to the direction of the Company under the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 3.3 Delivery of Cash and Securities to Custodian. 
 (a) The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Custodian certain of the Company s Securities, cash and other investment assets, including (a) payments of income, payments of principal and capital distributions received by the Company with respect to such Securities, cash or other assets owned by the Company at any time during the period of this Agreement and (b) all cash received by the Company for the issuance, at any time during such period, of Shares or other securities or in connection with a borrowing by the Company. With respect to assets other than Loans, such assets shall be delivered to the Custodian in its role as, and (where relevant) at the address identified for, the Custodian. Except to the extent otherwise expressly provided herein, delivery of 
 7 

Securities to the Custodian shall be in Street Name or other good delivery form. The Custodian shall not be responsible for such Securities, cash or other assets until actually delivered to, and received by it. With respect to Securities (other than Loan Assets, Uncertificated Securities and assets in the nature of general intangibles (as hereinafter defined)) held by the Custodian in its capacity as a securities intermediary (as defined in Section 8-102 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York (the UCC )), the Custodian shall be obligated to exercise due care in accordance with reasonable commercial standards in discharging the duties as a securities intermediary to hold such Securities. A Security will be deemed to be delivered to the Custodian when the Company delivers such Security in the following manner (i) if such Security is a Certificated Security or an instrument (other than a Security held in a Securities System), then in physical certificated form in the name of the Company or its nominee, (ii) if such Security is an Uncertificated Security or in the form of uncertificated share(s) or other interest (other than a Security held in a Securities System), then delivery of confirmation statements which identify such shares or interests as being recorded in the name of the Company or its nominee, (iii) if such Security is held in a Securities System or maintained in one or more omnibus accounts at the Custodian, its agents or sub-custodians, then delivery of confirmation that such Security is held in the Securities System or maintained through one or more omnibus accounts in the name of the Custodian (or its nominee) who shall identify the same on its books and records as held for the account of the Company, or (iv) in such other good delivery form that may be agreed to by the Custodian from time to time. 
 (b) (i) In connection with its acquisition of a Loan, an Uncertificated Security or other delivery of a Security constituting a Loan, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Custodian a properly completed Trade Confirmation containing such information in respect of such Loan or Uncertificated Security as the Custodian may reasonably require in order to enable the Custodian to perform its duties hereunder in respect of such Loan or Uncertificated Security on which the Custodian may conclusively rely without further inquiry or investigation, in such form and format as the Custodian reasonably may require. (ii) Notwithstanding any term hereof or elsewhere to the contrary, (a) it is hereby expressly acknowledged that (i) interests in Loans or Uncertificated Securities may be acquired by the Company from time to time which are not evidenced by, or accompanied by delivery of, a Security or an instrument, as that term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(4a) of the UCC, and may be evidenced solely by delivery to the Custodian of (x) a facsimile or electronic copy of an assignment agreement Loan Assignment Agreement in favor of the Company as assignee or, in respect of any Loan acquired by participation interest, a participation agreement (a Participation Agreement in favor of the Company as participant or (y) a copy of the register of the underlying issuer of such interest evidencing registration of such equity interest on the books and records of the applicable issuer to the name of the Company (or its nominee) and (ii) any such Loan Assignment Agreement or Participation Agreement (and the registration of the related Loan on the books and records of the applicable obligor or bank agent) shall be registered in the name of the Company (or its nominee), and (b) nothing herein shall require the Custodian to credit to the Securities Account or to treat as a financial asset (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC) any such Loan or other asset in the nature of a general intangible (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC) or to maintain a sufficient quantity thereof. The 
 8 

Custodian is not under a duty to examine any such Financing Documents, or any underlying credit agreements or loan documents for such Loan to determine the validity, sufficiency, marketability or enforceability of any Loan Assignment Agreement, Participation Agreement or other Financing Document (and shall have no responsibility for the genuineness or completeness thereof), or for the Company s title to any related Loan. 
 (iii) The Custodian may assume the genuineness of any such Financing Document it may receive and the genuineness and due authority of any signatures appearing thereon, and shall be entitled to assume that each such Financing Document it may receive is what it purports to be. If an original security or instrument as defined in Section 8-102 and Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC, respectively, is or shall be or becomes available with respect to any Loan to be held by the Custodian under this Agreement, it shall be the sole responsibility of the Company to make or cause delivery thereof to the Document Custodian under the Document Custody Agreement and the Custodian, and the Custodian shall not be under any obligation at any time to determine whether any such original security or instrument has been or is required to be issued or made available in respect of any Loan or to compel or cause delivery thereof to the Custodian. 
 (iv) Contemporaneously with the acquisition of any Loan, the Company shall (a) cause any appropriate Financing Documents evidencing such Loan to be delivered to the Custodian (b) if requested by the Custodian, provide to the Custodian an amortization schedule of principal payments and a schedule of the interest payable date(s) identifying the amount and due dates of all scheduled principal and interest payments for such Loan and (c) provide to the Custodian a properly completed Trade Confirmation containing such information in respect of such Loan as the Custodian may reasonably require in order to enable the Custodian to perform its duties hereunder in respect of such Loan on which the Custodian may conclusively rely without further inquiry or investigation, in such form and format as the Custodian reasonably may require (d) take all actions necessary for the Company to acquire good title to such Loan and (e) take all actions as may be necessary (including appropriate payment notices and instructions to bank agents or other applicable paying agents or administrative agents) to cause (A) all payments in respect of the Loan to be made to the Custodian and (B) all notices, solicitations and other communications in respect of such Loan to be directed to the Company. The Custodian shall have no liability for any delay or failure on the part of the Company to provide necessary information to the Custodian, or for any inaccuracy therein or incompleteness thereof, or for any delay or failure on the part of the Company to give such effective payment instruction to bank agents and other paying agents or administrative agents, in respect of the Loans. With respect to each such Loan, the Custodian shall be entitled to rely on any information and notices it may receive from time to time from the related bank agent, obligor, participating bank, nationally recognized pricing service or vendor, reputable financial information reporting source or similar party with respect to the related Loan, and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate), or from the Company, on the basis of such information or notices received, without any obligation on its part independently to verify, investigate or recalculate such information. 
 3.4 Release of Securities. 
 9 

(a) The Custodian shall release and if applicable, ship for delivery, or direct its agents or Sub-Custodian to release and if applicable, ship for delivery, as the case may be, Securities of the Company held by the Custodian, its agents or its Sub-Custodian from time to time upon receipt of Proper Instructions (which shall, among other things, specify the Securities to be released, with such delivery and other information as may be necessary to enable the Custodian to perform), which may be standing instructions (in form acceptable to the Custodian) in the following cases 
 (i) upon sale of such Securities by or on behalf of the Company and, such sale may, unless and except to the extent otherwise directed by Proper Instructions, be carried out by the Custodian 
 (A) in accordance with the customary or established practices and procedures in the jurisdiction or market where the transactions occur, including delivery to the purchaser thereof or to a dealer therefor (or an agent of such purchaser or dealer) against expectation of receiving later payment or 
 (B) in the case of a sale effected through a Securities System, in accordance with the rules governing the operations of the Securities System 
 (ii) upon the receipt of payment in connection with any repurchase agreement related to such Securities 
 (iii) to a depositary agent in connection with tender or other similar offers for such Securities 
 (iv) to the issuer thereof or its agent when such Securities are called, redeemed, retired or otherwise become payable (unless otherwise directed by Proper Instructions, the cash or other consideration is to be delivered to the Custodian, its agents or its Sub-Custodian) 
 (v) to an issuer thereof, or its agent, for transfer into the name of the Custodian or of any nominee of the Custodian or into the name of any of its agents or Sub-Custodian or their nominees or for exchange for a different number of bonds, certificates or other evidence representing the same aggregate face amount or number of units 
 (vi) to brokers clearing banks or other clearing agents for examination in accordance with the Street Delivery Custom 
 (vii) for exchange or conversion pursuant to any plan of merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reorganization or readjustment of the Securities of the issuer of such Securities, or pursuant to any deposit agreement (unless otherwise directed by Proper Instructions, the new securities and cash, if any, are to be delivered to the Custodian, its agents or its Sub-Custodian) 
 (viii) in the case of warrants, rights or similar securities, the surrender thereof in the exercise of such warrants, rights or similar securities or the surrender of interim receipts or temporary securities for definitive securities (unless otherwise directed by Proper Instructions, the new 
 10 

securities and cash, if any, are to be delivered to the Custodian, its agents or its Sub-Custodian) and or 
 (ix) for any other purpose, but only upon receipt of Proper Instructions. 
 3.5 Registration of Securities . Securities held by the Custodian, its agents or its Sub-Custodian (other than bearer securities or securities held in a Securities System) shall be registered in the name of the Company or its nominee or, at the option of the Custodian, in the name of the Custodian or in the name of any nominee of the Custodian, or in the name of its agents or its Sub-Custodian or their nominees or if directed by the Company by Proper Instruction, may be maintained in Street Name. The Custodian, its agents and its Sub-Custodian shall not be obligated to accept Securities on behalf of the Company under the terms of this Agreement unless such Securities (other than Loans) are in Street Name or other good deliverable form. 
 3.6 Bank Accounts and Management of Cash. 
 (a) Proceeds and other cash received by the Custodian from time to time shall be deposited into or credited to the respective Securities Account as designated by the Company. All amounts deposited into or credited to the designated Securities Account shall be subject to clearance and receipt of final payment by the Custodian. 
 (b) Amounts held in each respective Securities Account from time to time may be invested in Eligible Investments pursuant to specific written Proper Instructions (which may be standing instructions) received by the Custodian from an Authorized Person acting on behalf of the Company. Such investments shall be subject to availability and the Custodian s then applicable transaction charges (which shall be at the Company s expense). The Custodian shall have no liability for any loss incurred on any such investment. Absent receipt of such written instruction from the Company, the Custodian shall have no obligation to invest (or otherwise pay interest on) amounts on deposit in each respective Securities Account. In no instance will the Custodian have any obligation to provide investment advice to the Company. Any earnings from such investment of amounts held in the Securities Accounts from time to time (collectively, Reinvestment Earnings shall be redeposited in the respective Securities Account (and may be reinvested at the written direction of the Company). The Custodian shall have no liability for any losses on any investments made as described herein. 
 (c) In the event that the Company shall at any time request a withdrawal of amounts from any of the Securities Accounts, the Custodian shall be entitled to liquidate, and shall have no liability for any loss incurred as a result of the liquidation of, any investment of the funds credited to such account as needed to provide necessary liquidity. Investment instructions may be in the form of standing instructions (in the form of Proper Instructions acceptable to Custodian). 
 (d) The Company acknowledges that cash deposited or invested with any bank (including the bank acting as Custodian) may make a margin or generate banking income for which such bank shall not be required to account to the Company. 
 11 

(e) The Custodian shall be authorized to open such additional accounts as may be necessary or convenient for administration of its duties hereunder with notice to be provided to the Company. 
 3.7 Foreign Exchange. 
 (a) Upon the receipt of Proper Instructions, the Custodian, its agents or its Sub-Custodian may (but shall not be obligated to) enter into all types of contracts for foreign exchange on behalf of the Company, upon terms acceptable to the Custodian and the Company (in each case at the Company s expense), including transactions entered into with the Custodian, its Sub-Custodian or any affiliates of the Custodian or the Sub-Custodian. The Custodian shall have no liability for any losses incurred in or resulting from the rates obtained in such foreign exchange transactions and absent specific and acceptable Proper Instructions, the Custodian shall not be deemed to have any duty to carry out any foreign exchange on behalf of the Company. The Custodian shall be entitled at all times to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to currency or foreign exchange transactions. 
 (b) The Company acknowledges that the Custodian, any Sub-Custodian or any affiliates of the Custodian or any Sub-Custodian, involved in any such foreign exchange transactions may make a margin or generate banking income from foreign exchange transactions entered into pursuant to this section for which they shall not be required to account to the Company. 
 3.8 Collection of Income . Subject to Section 7.8 , the Custodian, its agents or its Sub-Custodian shall use reasonable efforts to collect on a timely basis all income and other payments with respect to the Securities held hereunder to which the Company shall be entitled, to the extent consistent with usual custom in the securities custodian business in the United States. Such efforts shall include collection of interest income, dividends and other payments with respect to registered domestic securities if on the record date with respect to the date of payment by the issuer the Security is registered in the name of the Custodian or its nominee (or in the name of its agent or Sub-Custodian, or their nominee) and interest income, dividends and other payments with respect to bearer domestic securities if, on the date of payment by the issuer such securities are held by the Custodian or its Sub-Custodian or agent provided, however, that in the case of Securities held in Street Name, the Custodian shall use commercially reasonable efforts only to timely collect income. In no event shall the Custodian s agreement herein to collect income be construed to obligate the Custodian to commence, undertake or prosecute any legal proceedings. 
 3.9 Payment of Moneys. 
 (a) Upon receipt of Proper Instructions, which may be standing instructions, the Custodian shall pay out from the respective Securities Account designated by the Company (or remit to its agents or its Sub-Custodian, and direct them to pay out) moneys of the Company on deposit therein in the following cases 
 (i) upon the purchase of Securities for the Company pursuant to such Proper Instructions and such purchase may, unless and except to the extent otherwise directed by Proper Instructions, be carried out by the Custodian 
 12 

(A) in accordance with the customary or established practices and procedures in the jurisdiction or market where the transactions occur, including delivering money to the seller thereof or to a dealer therefor (or any agent for such seller or dealer) against expectation of receiving later delivery of such securities or 
 (B) in the case of a purchase effected through a Securities System, in accordance with the rules governing the operation of such Securities System 
 (ii) for the purchase or sale of foreign exchange or foreign exchange agreements for the account of the Company, including transactions executed with or through the Custodian, its agents or its Sub-Custodian, as contemplated by Section 3.7 and 
 (iii) for any other purpose directed by the Company, but only upon receipt of Proper Instructions specifying the amount of such payment, and naming the Person or Persons to whom such payment is to be made. 
 (b) At any time or times, the Custodian shall be entitled to pay (i) itself from any of the Securities Accounts, whether or not in receipt of express direction or instruction from the Company, any amounts due and payable to it pursuant to Section 8 , and (ii) as otherwise permitted by Section 7.5 , Section 9.4 or Section 12.5 , provided, however, that in each case (i) the Custodian shall have first invoiced or billed the Company for such amounts and the Company shall have failed to pay such amounts within sixty (60) days after the date of such invoice or bill, and (ii) all such payments shall be accounted for to the Company. 
 3.10 Proxies . The Custodian will, with respect to the Securities held hereunder, use reasonable efforts to cause to be promptly executed by the registered holder of such Securities proxies received by the Custodian from its agents or its Sub-Custodian or from issuers of the Securities being held for the Company, without indication of the manner in which such proxies are to be voted, and upon receipt of Proper Instructions shall promptly deliver to the applicable issuer such proxies, proxy soliciting materials and notices relating to such Securities. In the absence of such Proper Instructions, or in the event that such Proper Instructions are not received in a timely fashion, the Custodian shall be under no duty to act with regard to such proxies. Notwithstanding the above, neither Custodian nor any nominee of the Custodian shall vote any of the Securities held hereunder by or for the account of the Company, except in accordance with Proper Instructions. 
 3.11 Communications Relating to Securities . The Custodian shall transmit promptly to the Company all written information (including proxies, proxy soliciting materials, notices, pendency of calls and maturities of Securities and expirations of rights in connection therewith) received by the Custodian, from its agents or its Sub-Custodian or from issuers of the Securities being held for the Company. The Custodian shall have no obligation or duty to exercise any right or power, or otherwise to preserve rights, in or under any Securities unless and except to the extent it has received timely Proper Instruction from the Company in accordance with the next sentence. The Custodian will not be liable for any untimely exercise of any right or power in connection with Securities at any time held by the Custodian, its agents or Sub-Custodian unless 
 13 

(i) the Custodian has received Proper Instructions with regard to the exercise of any such right or power and 
 (ii) the Custodian, or its agents or Sub-Custodian are in actual possession of such Securities, 
 in each case, at least three (3) Business Days prior to the date on which such right or power is to be exercised. It will be the responsibility of the Company to notify the Custodian of the Person to whom such communications must be forwarded under this Section. 
 3.12 Records . The Custodian shall create and maintain complete and accurate records relating to its activities under this Agreement with respect to the Securities, cash or other property held for the Company under this Agreement. To the extent that the Custodian, in its sole opinion, is able to do so, the Custodian shall provide assistance to the Company (at the Company s reasonable request made from time to time) by providing sub-certifications regarding certain of its services performed hereunder to the Company in connection with the Company s certification requirements pursuant to applicable law, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended. All such records shall be the property of the Company and shall at all times during the regular business hours of the Custodian be open for inspection by duly authorized officers, employees or agents of the Company, upon reasonable request with at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice and at the Company s expense. The Custodian shall, at the Company s request, supply the Company with a tabulation of securities owned by the Company and held by the Custodian and shall, when requested to do so by the Company and for such compensation as shall be agreed upon between the Company and the Custodian, include, to the extent applicable, the certificate numbers in such tabulations, to the extent such information is available to the Custodian. 
 3.13 Custody of Subsidiary Securities. 
 (a) At the request of the Company, with respect to each Subsidiary identified to the Custodian by the Company, there shall be established by the Custodian at U.S. Bank National Association or its affiliate a segregated account to which the Custodian shall deposit and hold any Subsidiary Securities (other than Loans) (and any Proceeds received by it in the form of dividends in kind) and any cash Proceeds received by it from time to time from or with respect to Subsidiary Securities received by it pursuant to this Agreement, which account shall be in the name of the Subsidiary (the Subsidiary Securities Accounts and the initial Subsidiary Securities Accounts are listed on Exhibit A . 
 (b) To the maximum extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement regarding Securities of the Company, the Securities Account shall be applicable to any Subsidiary Securities, cash and other investment assets, Subsidiary Securities Account. The parties hereto agree that the Company shall notify the Custodian in writing as to the establishment of any Subsidiary as to which the Custodian is to serve as custodian pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and identify in writing any accounts the Custodian shall be required to establish for such Subsidiary as herein provided. The Company hereby notifies the Custodian that, as of the date of this Agreement, Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC is a Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement and the Accounts listed on Exhibit A . 
 
 14 

3.14 Responsibility for Property Held by Sub-Custodians . The Custodian may appoint one or more Sub-Custodians to establish and maintain arrangements with (i) Eligible Securities Depositories or (ii) Eligible Foreign Custodians. The Custodian s responsibility with respect to the selection or appointment of a Sub-Custodian (other than an affiliate of the Custodian) shall be limited to a duty to exercise reasonable care and good faith in the selection of such Sub-Custodian in light of prevailing settlement and securities handling practices, procedures and controls in the relevant market. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Custodian shall request each Sub-Custodian to identify on its own books and records that any assets held at such Sub-Custodian by Custodian on behalf of its customers belong to customers of the Custodian, such that it is readily apparent that such assets do not belong to the Custodian or such Sub-Custodian. With respect to any costs, expenses, damages, liabilities, or claims (including attorneys and accountants fees) incurred as a result of the acts or the failure to act by any Sub-Custodian (other than an affiliate of the Custodian), the Custodian shall take reasonable action to recover such costs, expenses, damages, liabilities, or claims from such Sub-Custodian provided that the Custodian s sole liability in that regard shall be limited to amounts actually received by it from such Sub-Custodian (exclusive of related costs and expenses incurred by the Custodian). 

4. REPORTING 
 4.1 If requested by the Company, the Custodian shall render to the Company a monthly report of (i) all deposits to and withdrawals from the Securities Account during the month, and the outstanding balance (as of the last day of the preceding monthly report and as of the last day of the subject month), (ii) an itemized statement of the Securities held pursuant to this Agreement as of the end of each month, all transactions in the Securities during the month, as well as a list of all Securities transactions that remain unsettled at that time, and (iii) such other matters as the parties may agree from time to time. 
 4.2 For each Business Day, the Custodian shall render to the Company a daily report of (i) all deposits to and withdrawals from the Securities Account for such Business Day and the outstanding balance as of the end of such Business Day, (ii) a report of settled trades of Securities for such Business Day, (iii) all holdings as of such Business Day and (iv) any cash or Securities expected to have been received in the Securities Account that were not received. 
 4.3 The Custodian shall have no duty or obligation to undertake any market valuation of the Securities under any circumstance. 
 4.4 The Custodian shall provide the Company, promptly upon request, with such reports as are reasonably available to it and as the Company may reasonably request from time to time, on the internal accounting controls and procedures for safeguarding securities, which are employed by the Custodian. 
 4.5 In accordance with Section 3.12 , at the reasonable request of, and at the expense of, the Company, the Custodian agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company s independent public accountants and shall provide requested information to the extent such information is reasonably available to the Custodian. 
 15 

5. DEPOSIT IN U.S. SECURITIES SYSTEMS 
 The Custodian may deposit and or maintain Securities in a Securities System within the United States U.S. Securities System in accordance with applicable Federal Reserve Board and Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations, including Rule 17f-4 under the 1940 Act, and subject to the following provisions 
 (a) The Custodian may keep domestic Securities in a U.S. Securities System provided that such Securities are represented in an account of the Custodian in the U.S. Securities System which shall not include any assets of the Custodian other than assets held by it as a fiduciary, custodian or otherwise for customers 
 (b) The records of the Custodian with respect to Securities which are maintained in a U.S. Securities System shall identify by book-entry those Securities belonging to the Company 
 (c) If requested by the Company, the Custodian shall provide to the Company copies of all notices received from the U.S. Securities System of transfers of Securities for the account of the Company and 
 (d) Anything to the contrary in this Agreement notwithstanding, the Custodian shall not be liable to the Company for any direct loss, damage, cost, expense, liability or claim to the Company resulting from use of any Securities System (other than to the extent resulting from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the Custodian itself or from failure of the Custodian to enforce effectively such rights as it may have against the U.S. Securities System). 
 6. SECURITIES HELD OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES 
 
 6.1 Appointment of Foreign Sub-custodian . The Company hereby authorizes and instructs the Custodian in its sole discretion to employ one or more Foreign Sub-custodians to act as Eligible Securities Depositories or as sub-custodian to hold the Securities and other assets of the Company maintained outside the United States, subject to the Company s approval in accordance with this Section. If the Custodian wishes to appoint a Foreign Sub-custodian to hold property of the Company subject to this Agreement, it will so notify the Company and provide it with information reasonably necessary to determine any such new Foreign Sub-custodian s eligibility under Rule 17f-5 under the 1940 Act, including a copy of the proposed agreement with such Foreign Sub-custodian. The Company shall at the meeting of its Board of Directors next following receipt of such notice and information give a written approval or disapproval of the proposed action. 
 6.2 Assets to be Held . The Custodian shall limit the Securities and other assets maintained in the custody of the Foreign Sub-custodian to (a) Foreign Securities and (b) cash and cash equivalents in such amounts as the Company (through Proper Instructions) may determine to be reasonably necessary to effect the Company s transactions in such investments. 
 6.3 Omnibus Accounts . The Custodian may hold Foreign Securities and related Proceeds with one or more Foreign Sub-custodians in each case in a single account with such Foreign Sub-custodian that is identified as belonging to the Custodian for the benefit of its customers provided however, that the records of the Custodian with respect to 
 16 

Securities and related Proceeds that are property of the Company maintained in such account(s) shall identify by book-entry those Securities and other property as belonging to the Company. 
 6.4 Reports Concerning Foreign Sub-custodian . The Custodian will supply to the Company, upon request from time to time, statements in respect of the Securities held by Foreign Sub-custodians or Eligible Securities Depositories, including an identification of the Foreign Sub-custodians and Eligible Securities Depositories having physical possession of the Foreign Securities. 
 6.5 Transactions in Foreign Custody Account . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, settlement and payment for Securities received by a Foreign Sub-custodian for the account of the Company may be effected in accordance with the customary established securities trading or securities processing practices and procedures in the jurisdiction or market in which the transaction occurs, including delivering securities to the purchaser thereof or to a dealer therefor (or an agent for such purchaser or dealer) against a receipt with the expectation of receiving later payment for such securities from such purchaser or dealer. 
 6.6 Foreign Sub-custodian . Each contract or agreement pursuant to which the Custodian employs a Foreign Sub-custodian shall include provisions that provide (i) for indemnification or insurance arrangements (or any combination of the foregoing) such that the Company will be adequately protected against the risk of loss of assets held in accordance with such contract (ii) that the Company s assets will not be subject to any right, charge, security interest, lien or claim of any kind in favor of the Sub-custodian or its creditors (except a claim of payment for their safe custody or administration) or, in the case of cash deposits, liens or rights in favor of creditors of the Sub-custodian arising under bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws (iii) that beneficial ownership for the Company s assets will be freely transferable without the payment of money or value other than for safe custody or administration (iv) that adequate records will be maintained identifying the assets as belonging to the Company or as being held by a third party for the benefit of the Company (v) that the Company s independent public accountants will be given access to those records or confirmation of the contents of those records and (vi) that the Company will receive periodic reports with respect to the safekeeping of the Company s assets, including notification of any transfer to or from a Company s account or a third party account containing assets held for the benefit of the Company. Such contract may contain, in lieu of any or all of the provisions specified above, such other provisions that the Custodian determines will provide, in their entirety, the same or a greater level of care and protection for Company assets as the specified provisions, in their entirety. 
 6.7 Custodian s Responsibility for Foreign Sub-custodian. 
 (a) With respect to its responsibilities under this Section 6 , the Custodian agrees to exercise reasonable care, prudence and diligence such as a person having responsibility for the safekeeping of property of the Company would exercise. The Custodian further agrees that the Foreign Securities will be subject to reasonable care, based on the standards applicable to the Custodian in the relevant market, if maintained with each Foreign Sub-custodian, after considering all factors relevant to the safekeeping of such assets, including (i) the Foreign Sub-custodian s practices, procedures, and internal controls, including the physical protections available for certificated securities (if applicable), the method of keeping custodial records, and the security and data protection practices 
 17 

(ii) whether the Foreign Sub-custodian has the requisite financial strength to provide reasonable care for Company assets (iii) the Foreign Sub-custodian s general reputation and standing and, in the case of Eligible Securities Depository, the Eligible Securities Depository s operating history and number of participants and (iv) whether the Company will have jurisdiction over and be able to enforce judgments against the Foreign Sub-custodian, such as by virtue of the existence of any offices of the Foreign Sub-custodian in the United States or the Sub-custodian s consent to service of process in the United States. 
 (b) At the end of each calendar quarter, or at such other times as the Company s board of directors deems reasonable and appropriate based on the circumstances of the Company s foreign custody arrangements, the Custodian shall provide written reports notifying the board of directors of the Company as to the placement of the Foreign Securities and cash of the Company with a particular Foreign Sub-custodian and of any material changes in the Company's foreign custody arrangements. The Custodian shall promptly take such steps as may be required to withdraw assets of the Company from any Foreign Sub-custodian that has ceased to meet the requirements of this Section. 
 (c) The Custodian shall establish a system to monitor the appropriateness of maintaining the Company s assets with a particular Foreign Sub-custodian and the performance of the contract governing the Company s arrangements with such Foreign Sub-custodian. To the extent the Custodian holds Foreign Securities and related Proceeds with one or more Eligible Securities Depositories, the Custodian shall provide the Company with an analysis of the custody risks associated with maintaining assets with such Eligible Securities Depository and shall monitor such custody risks on a continuing basis and promptly notify the Company of any material change in these risks. The Custodian agrees to exercise reasonable care, prudence and diligence in performing its obligations under this clause (c). If the Custodian determines that a custody arrangement with an Eligible Securities Depository no longer meets the requirements of this Section, the Company s Foreign Securities must be withdrawn from such depository as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 
 (d) The Custodian s responsibility with respect to the selection or appointment of a Foreign Sub-custodian shall be limited to a duty to exercise reasonable care in the selection or retention of such Foreign Sub-custodian in light of prevailing settlement and securities handling practices, procedures and controls in the relevant market. With respect to any costs, expenses, damages, liabilities, or claims (including attorneys and accountants fees) incurred as a result of the acts or the failure to act by any Foreign Sub-custodian, the Custodian shall take reasonable action to recover such costs, expenses, damages, liabilities, or claims from such Foreign Sub-custodian provided that the Custodian s sole liability in that regard shall be limited to amounts actually received by it from such Foreign Sub-custodian (exclusive of related costs and expenses incurred by the Custodian). The Custodian shall have no responsibility for any act or omission (or the insolvency of) any Securities System (including an Eligible Securities Depository). 

18 

7. CERTAIN GENERAL TERMS 
 7.1 No Duty to Examine Financing Documents . Nothing herein shall obligate the Custodian to review or examine the terms of any Financing Document, underlying instrument, certificate, credit agreement, indenture, loan agreement, promissory note, or other financing document evidencing or governing any Security to determine the validity, sufficiency, marketability or enforceability of any Security (and shall have no responsibility for the genuineness or completeness thereof), or otherwise. 
 7.2 Resolution of Discrepancies . In the event of any discrepancy between the information set forth in any report provided by the Custodian to the Company and any information contained in the books or records of the Company, the Company shall promptly notify the Custodian thereof and the parties shall cooperate to diligently resolve the discrepancy. 
 7.3 Improper Instructions . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Custodian shall not be obligated to take any action (or forebear from taking any action), which it reasonably determines (at its sole option) to be contrary to the terms of this Agreement or applicable law. In no instance shall the Custodian be obligated to provide services on any day that is not a Business Day. 
 7.4 Proper Instructions. 
 (a) The Company will give written notice to the Custodian, in form acceptable to the Custodian, specifying the names and specimen signatures (whether manual, facsimile, pdf or other electronic signature) of persons authorized to give Proper Instructions (collectively, Authorized Persons and each is an Authorized Person which notice shall be signed (whether manual, facsimile, pdf or other electronic signature) by an Authorized Person previously certified to the Custodian. The Custodian shall be entitled to rely upon the identity and authority of such persons until it receives written notice from an Authorized Person of the Company to the contrary. The initial Authorized Persons are set forth on Schedule A attached hereto and made a part hereof (as such Schedule A may be modified from time to time by written notice from the Company to the Custodian). The Custodian shall be entitled to accept and act upon Proper Instructions sent by unsecured email, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods. If such person on behalf of the Company elects to give the Custodian email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Custodian in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Custodian s reasonable understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Custodian shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Custodian s reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflicting with or being inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Custodian, including without limitation the risk of the Custodian acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties and acknowledges and agrees that there may be more secure methods of transmitting such instructions than the method(s) selected by it and agrees that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of such instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances. The Company hereby authorizes and directs the Custodian to accept, rely and act 
 19 

upon instruction from the Investment Manager, acting on behalf and in the name of the Company for all purposes hereunder, and the Custodian is authorized to recognize and act upon the instruction of the Investment Adviser, acting alone, on behalf and in the stead of the Company for all purposes hereunder provided that such authorization and direction may be revoked at any time by an Authorized Person who is an officer of the Company (and each reference in this Agreement to the Company shall be deemed to include and apply to the Investment Adviser). 
 (b) The Custodian shall have no responsibility or liability to the Company (or any other person or entity), and shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company, in the event that a subsequent written confirmation of an oral instruction fails to conform to the oral instructions received by the Custodian. The Custodian shall not have an obligation to act in accordance with purported instructions to the extent that they conflict with applicable law or regulations, local market practice or the Custodian s operating policies and practices. The Custodian shall not be liable for any loss resulting from a delay while it obtains clarification of any Proper Instructions. 
 (c) Reserved. 
 (d) The Company hereby agrees that directions given by it pursuant to secure financial messaging services provided by SWIFT SWIFT Transmissions are deemed to Proper Instructions for all purposes hereunder. The Company instructs the Custodian to accept and record SWIFT Transmissions initiated by the Company (or the Advisor on its behalf) to the same extent that written wire transfer instructions are accepted and processed by the Custodian. The Custodian may conclusively rely on SWIFT Transmissions and the Custodian shall be entitled to and the Company agrees to provide any verification of information as requested by the Custodian, including the call back process to an individual designated by the Company as authorized to provide such verification. The Custodian may also request, and the Company will provide, an additional signed direction (whether by manual, facsimile, .pdf or other electronic signature) in connection with any SWIFT Transmission. For purposes of compliance with any incumbency certificate of the Company, all instructions received by the Custodian through the methodology described herein shall be deemed in compliance with the procedures outlined therein (to the extent applicable). 
 7.5 Actions Permitted Without Express Authority. The Custodian may, at its discretion, without express authority from the Company 
 (a) make payments to itself as described in or pursuant to Section 3.9(b) , or to make payments to itself or others for expenses of handling securities or other similar items relating to its duties under this Agreement, provided that (i) the Custodian shall have first invoiced or billed the Company for such amounts and the Company shall have failed to pay such amounts within thirty (30) days after the date of such invoice or bill, and (ii) all such payments shall be accounted for to the Company 
 (b) surrender Securities in temporary form for Securities in definitive form 
 (c) endorse for collection cheques, drafts and other negotiable instruments and 
 20 

(d) in general, attend to all nondiscretionary details in connection with the sale, exchange, substitution, purchase, transfer and other dealings with the securities and property of the Company. 
 7.6 Evidence of Authority . The Custodian shall be protected in acting upon any instructions, notice, request, consent, certificate instrument or paper reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been properly executed (whether manual, facsimile, pdf or other electronic signature) or otherwise given by or on behalf of the Company by an Authorized Person. The Custodian may receive and accept a certificate signed (whether manual, facsimile, pdf or other electronic signature) by any Authorized Person as conclusive evidence of 
 (a) the authority of any person to act in accordance with such certificate or 
 (b) any determination or of any action by the Company as described in such certificate, 
 and such certificate may be considered as in full force and effect until receipt by the Custodian of written notice to the contrary from an Authorized Person of the Company. 
 7.7 Receipt of Communications . Any communication received by the Custodian on a day which is not a Business Day or after 3 30 p.m., Eastern time (or such other time as is agreed by the Company and the Custodian from time to time), on a Business Day will be deemed to have been received on the next Business Day (but in the case of communications so received after 3 30 p.m., Eastern time, on a Business Day, the Custodian will use reasonable efforts to process such communications as soon as possible after receipt). 
 7.8 Actions on the Loans . The Custodian shall have no duty or obligation hereunder to take any action on behalf of the Company, to communicate on behalf of the Company, to collect amounts or proceeds in respect of, or otherwise to interact or exercise rights or remedies on behalf of the Company, with respect to any of the Loans. All such actions and communications are the responsibility of the Company. 
 
 8. COMPENSATION OF CUSTODIAN 
 8.1 Fees . The Custodian shall be entitled to compensation for its services in accordance with the terms of that certain fee letter between the Company and the Custodian. 
 8.2 Expenses . The Company agrees to pay or reimburse to the Custodian upon its request from time to time all reasonable, out-of-pocket costs, disbursements, advances, expenses and indemnification amounts (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of legal counsel) incurred, and any disbursements and advances made (including any account overdraft resulting from any settlement or assumed settlement, provisional credit, chargeback, returned deposit item, reclaimed payment or claw-back, or the like), in connection with the preparation, execution or enforcement of this Agreement, or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby or the administration of this Agreement or performance by the Custodian of its duties and services under this Agreement, from time to time (including costs and expenses of any action deemed necessary by the Custodian to collect any amounts owing to it under this Agreement). 
 21 

9. RESPONSIBILITY OF CUSTODIAN 
 9.1 General Duties . The Custodian shall have no duties, obligations or responsibilities under this Agreement or with respect to the Securities or Proceeds except for such duties as are expressly and specifically set forth in this Agreement, and the duties and obligations of the Custodian shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Agreement. No implied duties, obligations or responsibilities shall be read into this Agreement against, or on the part of, the Custodian. 
 9.2 Instructions. 
 (a) The Custodian shall be entitled to refrain from taking any action unless it has such instruction (in the form of Proper Instructions) from the Company as it reasonably deems necessary, and shall be entitled to require, upon notice to the Company, that Proper Instructions to it be in writing. The Custodian shall have no liability for any action (or forbearance from action) taken pursuant to the Proper Instruction of the Company. 
 (b) Whenever the Custodian is entitled or required to receive or obtain any communications or information pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement, it shall be entitled to receive the same in writing, in form, content and medium reasonably acceptable to it and otherwise in accordance with any applicable terms of this Agreement and whenever any report or other information is required to be produced or distributed by the Custodian, it shall be in form, content and medium reasonably acceptable to it and the Company, and otherwise in accordance with any applicable terms of this Agreement. 
 9.3 General Standards of Care . Notwithstanding any terms herein contained to the contrary, the acceptance by the Custodian of its appointments hereunder is expressly subject to the following terms, which shall govern and apply to each of the terms and provisions of this Agreement (whether or not so stated therein) 
 (a) The Custodian may rely on and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting in reliance upon any written notice, instruction, statement, certificate, request, waiver, consent, opinion, report, receipt or other paper, electronic communication or document furnished to it (including any of the foregoing provided to it by facsimile or electronic means), not only as to its due execution and validity, but also as to the truth and accuracy of any information therein contained, which it in good faith believes to be genuine and signed (whether manual, facsimile, pdf or other electronic signature), sent or presented by the proper person (which in the case of any instruction from or on behalf of the Company shall be an Authorized Person) and the Custodian shall be entitled to presume the genuineness and due authority of any signature (whether manual, facsimile, pdf or other electronic signature) appearing thereon. The Custodian shall not be bound to make any independent investigation into the facts or matters stated in any such notice, instruction, statement, certificate, request, waiver, consent, opinion, report, receipt, electronic communication or other paper or document. 
 (b) Neither the Custodian nor any of its directors, officers or employees shall be liable to anyone for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or 
 22 

omitted to be taken by it (or any of its directors, officers or employees), or for any mistake of fact or law, or for anything which it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith, unless such action or inaction constitutes gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud on its part and in breach of the terms of this Agreement. The Custodian shall not be liable for any action taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be within powers conferred upon it, or taken by it pursuant to any direction or instruction by which it is governed hereunder, or omitted to be taken by it by reason of the lack of direction or instruction required hereby for such action. The Custodian shall not be under any obligation at any time to ascertain whether the Company is in compliance with (i) the 1940 Act, the regulations thereunder, or the Company s investment objectives and policies then in effect or (ii) any restrictions, covenants, limitations or obligations to which the Company may be subject. For avoidance of doubt, the Custodian shall not be under any obligation to determine whether any investment constitutes an Eligible Investment under this Agreement. 
 (c) In no event shall the Custodian be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages (including lost profits or diminution of value), whether or not it has been advised of the likelihood of such damages. 
 (d) The Custodian may consult with, and obtain advice from, legal counsel selected in good faith with respect to any question as to any of the provisions hereof or its duties hereunder, or any matter relating hereto, and the written opinion or advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by the Custodian in good faith in accordance with the opinion and directions of such counsel the reasonable cost of such services shall be reimbursed pursuant to Section 8.2 . 
 (e) The Custodian shall not be deemed to have notice of any fact, claim or demand with respect hereto unless actually known by an officer working in its Global Corporate Trust group and charged with responsibility for administering this Agreement or unless (and then only to the extent received) in writing by the Custodian at the applicable address(es) as set forth in Section 15 and specifically referencing this Agreement. 
 (f) No provision of this Agreement shall require the Custodian to expend or risk its own funds, or to take any action (or forbear from action) hereunder which might in its judgment involve any expense or any financial or other liability unless it shall be furnished with acceptable indemnification. Nothing herein shall obligate the Custodian to commence, prosecute or defend legal proceedings in any instance, whether on behalf of the Company or on its own behalf or otherwise, with respect to any matter arising hereunder, or relating to this Agreement or the services contemplated hereby. 
 (g) The permissive right of the Custodian to take any action hereunder shall not be construed as a duty. 
 (h) The Custodian may act or exercise its duties or powers hereunder through agents, Sub-Custodians or attorneys, and the Custodian shall not be liable or responsible for the actions or omissions of any such agent, Sub-Custodian or attorney appointed with due care. 
 23 

(i) All indemnifications contained in this Agreement in favor of the Custodian shall survive the termination of this Agreement or the earlier resignation or removal of the Custodian. 
 9.4 Indemnification Custodian s Lien. 
 (a) The Company shall and does hereby indemnify and hold harmless the Custodian, any Foreign Sub-custodian and each of its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, advisors, successors and assigns (collectively, the Indemnified Persons and each an Indemnified Person for and from any and all costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorney s fees and expenses), and any and all losses, damages, claims (whether brought by or involving the Company or any third party) and liabilities, that may arise, be brought against or incurred by an Indemnified Person whether brought by or involving any third party or the Company and whether direct, indirect or consequential, as a result of or arising from or in any way relating to any claim, demand, suit, action or proceeding (including any inquiry or investigation) by any person, including without limitation the Company or any Subsidiary, and any advances or disbursements made by the Custodian (including in respect of any Account overdraft, returned deposit item, chargeback, provisional credit, settlement or assumed settlement, reclaimed payment, claw-back or the like), as a result of, relating to, or arising out of this Agreement, or the administration or performance of the Custodian s duties hereunder, the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement or the relationship between the Company (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary) and the Custodian created hereby, other than such liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs and expenses as are directly caused by the Custodian s action or inaction constituting gross negligence, bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct. 
 (b) The Custodian shall have and is hereby granted a continuing lien upon and security interest in, and right of set-off against, the Account, and any funds (and investments in which such funds may be invested) held therein or credited thereto from time to time, whether now held or hereafter required, and all proceeds thereof, to secure the payment of any amounts that may be owing to the Custodian under or pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, whether now existing or hereafter arising. 
 9.5 Force Majeure . Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Custodian shall be without liability to the Company for any damage or loss resulting from or caused by events or circumstances beyond the Custodian s reasonable control including nationalization, expropriation, currency restrictions, the interruption, disruption or suspension of the normal procedures and practices of any securities market, power, mechanical, communications or other technological failures or interruptions, computer viruses or the like, fires, floods, earthquakes or other natural disasters, civil and military disturbance, acts of war or terrorism, riots, revolution, acts of God, work stoppages, strikes, national disasters of any kind, or other similar events or acts errors by the Company (including any Authorized Person) in its instructions to the Custodian or changes in applicable law, regulation or orders. 
 10. SECURITY CODES 
 If the Custodian issues to the Company security codes, passwords or test keys in order that it may verify that certain transmissions of information, including Proper Instructions, have been 
 24 

originated by the Company, the Company shall take all commercially reasonable steps to safeguard any security codes, passwords, test keys or other security devices which the Custodian shall make available. 
 11. TAX LAW 
 11.1 Domestic Tax Law . The Custodian shall have no responsibility or liability for any obligations now or hereafter imposed on the Company or the Custodian as custodian of the Securities or the Proceeds, by the tax law of the United States or any state or political subdivision thereof. The Custodian shall be kept indemnified by and be without liability to the Company for such obligations including taxes, (but excluding any income taxes assessable in respect of compensation paid to the Custodian pursuant to this Agreement) withholding, certification and reporting requirements, claims for exemption or refund, additions for late payment interest, penalties and other expenses (including legal expenses) that may be assessed against the Company, or the Custodian as custodian of the Securities or Proceeds. 
 11.2 Foreign Tax Law . It shall be the responsibility of the Company to notify the Custodian of the obligations imposed on the Company, or the Custodian as custodian of any foreign securities or related Proceeds, by the tax law of foreign (e.g., non-U.S.) jurisdictions, including responsibility for withholding and other taxes, assessments or other government charges, certifications and government reporting. The sole responsibility of the Custodian with regard to such tax law shall be to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company with respect to any claims for exemption or refund under the tax law of the jurisdictions for which the Company has provided such information. 
 12. EFFECTIVE PERIOD AND TERMINATION 
 12.1 Effective Date . This Agreement shall become effective as of its due execution (whether manual, facsimile, pdf or other electronic signature) and delivery by each of the parties. This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as hereinafter provided. This Agreement may only be amended by mutual written agreement of the parties hereto. This Agreement may be terminated by the Custodian or the Company pursuant to Section 12.2 . 
 12.2 Termination . This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest of (a) occurrence of the effective date of termination specified in any written notice of termination given by either party to the other not later than sixty (60) days prior to the effective date of termination specified therein, and (b) such other date of termination as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties in writing. 
 12.3 Resignation . The Custodian may at any time resign under this Agreement by giving not less than sixty (60) days advance written notice thereof to the Company. The Company may at any time remove the Custodian under this Agreement by giving not less than sixty (60) days advance written notice to the Custodian. 
 12.4 Successor . Prior to the effective date of termination of this Agreement, or the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Custodian, as the case may be, the Company shall give Proper Instruction to the Custodian designating a successor Custodian, if applicable. The Custodian shall, upon receipt of Proper Instruction from the Company (i) deliver directly to the successor Custodian all Securities (other than Securities held in a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository) and cash then owned by 
 25 

the Company and held by the Custodian as custodian, and (ii) transfer any Securities held in a Book-Entry System or Securities Depository to an account of or for the benefit of the Company at the successor Custodian, provided that the Company shall have paid to the Custodian all fees, expenses and other amounts to the payment or reimbursement of which it shall then be entitled. In addition, the Custodian shall, at the expense of the Company, transfer to each successor all relevant books, records, correspondence, and other data established or maintained by the Custodian under the Agreement (if such form differs from the form in which the Custodian has maintained the same, the Company shall pay any reasonable and documented expenses associated with transferring the data to such form) and will cooperate in the transfer of such duties and responsibilities. Upon such delivery and transfer, the Custodian shall be relieved of all obligations under this Agreement. 
 12.5 Payment of Fees, etc . Upon termination of this Agreement or resignation of the Custodian, the Company shall pay to the Custodian such compensation, and shall likewise reimburse the Custodian for its costs, expenses and disbursements, as may be due as of the date of such termination or resignation (or removal, as the case may be). All indemnifications in favor of the Custodian under this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement, or any resignation or removal of the Custodian. 
 12.6 Final Report . In the event of any resignation or removal of the Custodian, the Custodian shall provide to the Company a complete final report or data file transfer of any Confidential Information as of the date of such resignation or removal. 
 
 13. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 13.1 Representations of the Company . The Company represents and warrants to the Custodian that 
 (a) it has the power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and it has duly authorized, executed and delivered this Agreement so as to constitute its valid and binding obligation 
 (b) in giving any instructions which purport to be Proper Instructions under this Agreement, the Company will act in accordance with the provisions of its governing documents and any applicable laws and regulations. 
 (c) the Company is not a Plan-Assets Vehicle (as defined below) (ii) the Company is not subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), (iii) the aggregate interest in any class of equity interests by any benefit plan investors (as such term is interpreted under ERISA) for whose benefit or account the Accounts for such Company is held does not equal or exceed 25 of the outstanding interests and neither the portfolio of the Securities or the Accounts for such Company is deemed to be assets of an employee benefit plan which is subject to ERISA. If for any reason the Company breaches or otherwise fails to comply with any of the foregoing representations, warranties, or covenants, then (i) the Custodian s duties hereunder with respect to such Company terminates immediately upon such breach, regardless of whether the Custodian received notice of such breach or provided notice of termination and promptly thereafter, the Company and the Custodian shall negotiate in good faith to enter into a separate ERISA fund custody agreement, (ii) the Company will promptly notify the Custodian of such breach, (iii) the Company acknowledges 
 26 

that the Custodian does not act as investment manager of the Securities or the Accounts and (iv) the Company acknowledges that the Custodian does not provide any services as a fiduciary with respect to the Company within the meaning of ERISA 3(21). For purposes herein, Plan-assets Vehicle means an investment contract, product, or entity that holds plan assets (as determined pursuant to ERISA 3(42) and 401 and 29 CFR 2510.3-101. 
 13.2 Representations of the Custodian . The Custodian hereby represents and warrants to the Company that 
 (a) it has the power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement 
 (b) it has duly authorized, executed and delivered this Agreement so as to constitute its valid and binding obligations 
 (c) it is qualified to act as a custodian pursuant to Section 26(a)(1) of the 1940 Act and 
 (d) that it maintains business continuity policies and standards. 
 14. PARTIES IN INTEREST NO THIRD PARTY BENEFIT 
 This Agreement is not intended for, and shall not be construed to be intended for, the benefit of any third parties and may not be relied upon or enforced by any third parties (other than successors and permitted assigns pursuant to Section 19 ). 
 15. NOTICES 
 Any Proper Instructions shall be given to the following address (or such other address as either party may designate by written notice to the other party), and otherwise any notices, approvals and other communications hereunder shall be sufficient if made in writing and given to the parties at the following address (or such other address as either of them may subsequently designate by notice to the other), given by (i) certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, (ii) recognized courier or delivery service, (iii) electronic mail or (iv) confirmed facsimile, with a duplicate sent on the same day by first class mail, postage prepaid 
 (a) if to the Company or any Subsidiary, to 
 Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. 
 10 East 40 th Street, 42 nd Floor 
 New York, New York 10016 
 Attention Jonathan Tepper 
 Facsimile 212-448-9652 
 Email jtepper prospectcap.com 
 lharrison prospectcap.com 
 pfloat prospectcap.com 
 pacctflex prospectcap.com 
 pl prospectcap.com 
 fax prospectcap.com 
 
 (b) if to the Custodian, to 
 27 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 1 Federal Street, 3 rd Floor 
 Boston, MA 02110 
 Attention Roni Richman Lally 
 Reference Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC 
 Email roni.richmanlally usbank.com 

16. CHOICE OF LAW AND JURISDICTION 
 This Agreement shall be construed, and the provisions thereof interpreted under and in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York for all purposes (without regard to its choice of law provisions) except to the extent such laws are inconsistent with the federal securities laws, including the 1940 Act, in which case such federal securities laws shall govern. All actions and proceedings relating to or arising from, directly or indirectly, this Agreement may be brought in New York State or U.S. federal courts located within the City of New York, State of New York and the Company and the Custodian hereby submit to personal jurisdiction of such courts for such actions or proceedings. The Company and the Custodian each hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury and any objection to laying of venue in such courts on grounds of forum nonconveniens in respect of any claim based upon, arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. No actions or proceedings relating to or arising from, directly or indirectly, this Agreement shall be brought in a forum outside of the United States of America. 
 17. ENTIRE AGREEMENT COUNTERPARTS 
 17.1 Complete Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with regard to the matters addressed herein and supersedes and terminates as of the date hereof, all prior agreements, acknowledgements or understandings, oral or written between the parties to this Agreement relating to such matters. 
 17.2 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed (whether manual, facsimile, pdf or other electronic signature) in any number of counterparts and all counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 17.3 Facsimile and Electronic Signatures . The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile, pdf or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes. Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile or pdf shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. By executing this Agreement, the Company hereby acknowledges and agrees, and directs the Custodian to acknowledge and agree and the Custodian does hereby acknowledge and agree, that execution of this Agreement, any Proper Instructions and any other notice, form or other document executed by the Company or the Custodian in connection with this Agreement, by electronic signature (including, without limitation, any .pdf file, .jpeg file or any other electronic or image file, or any other electronic signature as defined under E-SIGN or ESRA, including Orbit, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, or any other similar platform identified by the Company and reasonably available at no undue burden or expense to the Custodian) shall be permitted hereunder notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and such electronic signatures shall be legally binding as if such electronic signatures were handwritten signatures. Any electronically signed document delivered via email from a person purporting to be an Authorized Person shall be 
 28 

considered signed or executed by such Authorized Person on behalf of the Company. The Company also hereby acknowledges that the Custodian shall have no duty to inquire into or investigate the authenticity or authorization of any such electronic signature and shall be entitled to conclusively rely on any such electronic signature without any liability with respect thereto. 
 18. AMENDMENT WAIVER 
 18.1 Amendment . This Agreement may not be amended except by an express written instrument duly executed by each of the Company and the Custodian. 
 18.2 Waiver . In no instance shall any delay or failure to act be deemed to be or effective as a waiver of any right, power or term hereunder, unless and except to the extent such waiver is set forth in an express written instrument signed by the party against whom it is to be charged. 

19. SUCCESSOR AND ASSIGNS 
 19.1 Successors Bound . The covenants and agreements set forth herein shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither party shall be permitted to assign their rights under this Agreement without the written consent of the other party provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the ability of the Custodian to delegate certain duties or services to or perform them through agents or attorneys appointed with due care as expressly provided in this Agreement. 
 19.2 Merger and Consolidation . Any corporation or association into which the Custodian may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or association resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Custodian shall be a party, or any corporation or association to which the Custodian transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business shall be the successor of the Custodian hereunder, and shall succeed to all of the rights, powers and duties of the Custodian hereunder, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, subject in all cases to all representations, warranties, covenants and obligations made by the Custodian hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, no corporation or association (as described above) shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Custodian hereunder unless it is a qualified custodian pursuant to Section 17(f) and Section 26(a)(1) of the 1940 Act . 
 20. SEVERABILITY 
 The terms of this Agreement are hereby declared to be severable, such that if any term hereof is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such determination shall not affect the remaining terms. 
 21. REQUEST FOR INSTRUCTIONS 
 If, in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Custodian is required to decide between alternative courses of action, the Custodian may (but shall not be obliged to) request written instructions from the Company as to the course of action desired by it. If the Custodian does not receive such instructions within two (2) Business Days after it has requested them, the Custodian 
 29 

may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Custodian shall act in accordance with instructions received from the Company in response to such request after such two (2) Business Day period except to the extent it has already taken, or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions. 
 22. OTHER BUSINESS 
 Nothing herein shall prevent the Custodian or any of its affiliates from engaging in other business, or from entering into any other transaction or financial or other relationship with, or receiving fees from or from rendering services of any kind to the Company or any other Person. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall constitute the Company and or the Custodian (and or any other Person) as members of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or similar assignment as a result of or by virtue of the engagement or relationship established by this Agreement. 
 
 23. REPRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS 
 This Agreement and all schedules, exhibits, attachments and amendments hereto may be reproduced by any photographic, photostatic, microfilm, micro-card, miniature photographic or other similar process. The parties hereto each agree that any such reproduction shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding, whether or not the original is in existence and whether or not such reproduction was made by a party in the regular course of business, and that any enlargement, facsimile or further production shall likewise be admissible in evidence. 
 
 24. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
 Each party (in such capacity, the Receiving Party shall keep confidential any non-public information relating to the other party s business disclosed by or on behalf of such other party (in such capacity, the Disclosing Party , and all such information collectively, Confidential Information ), and shall use any such Confidential Information only in furtherance of its performance hereunder. Confidential Information may include (i) any data or information that is competitively sensitive material, and not generally known to the public, including, but not limited to, information about product plans, marketing strategies, finances, operations, customer relationships, customer profiles, customer lists, sales estimates, business plans, and internal performance results relation to the past, present or future business activities of the Disclosing Party, its respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies (ii) any scientific or technical information, design, process, procedure, formula, or improvement that is commercially valuable and secret in the sense that its confidentiality affords the Disclosing Party a competitive advantage of its competitors (iii) all confidential or proprietary concepts, documentation, reports, data, specifications, computer software, source code, object code, flow charts, databases, documentation, reports, data, specifications, computer software, source code, object code, flow charts, databases, inventions, know-how, and trade secrets, whether or not patentable or copyrightable and (iv) anything designated as confidential. Confidential Information shall not include information which (i) is disclosed in a publication available to the public, is otherwise in the public domain at the time of disclosure, or becomes publicly known through no breach of the terms hereof by the Receiving Party, (ii) is obtained by the Receiving Party in good faith from a third party source having the right to disclose such information, or (iii) was known by the Receiving Party, without any obligation of confidentiality, prior to the disclosure of such information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to its affiliates and its and their directors, officers, employees, 
 30 

attorneys, accountants, agents or advisors who have a need to know such information in the course of the performance of its duties hereunder and are required to comply with the confidentiality obligations under this Section 24 , provided, however, that the Receiving Party shall be responsible for the Compliance by the Receiving Party with such obligations. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent and as required by applicable law or regulation in connection with oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand, any informal or formal investigation by any regulatory authority to whose jurisdiction Receiving Party is subject, or pursuant to a judicial, administrative or legal proceeding in which either party is involved. 
 
 25. MISCELLANEOUS 
 The Company acknowledges receipt of the following notice 
 
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT . 
 
 To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. For a non-individual person such as a business entity, a charity, a trust or other legal entity the Custodian will ask for documentation to verify its formation and existence as a legal entity. The Custodian may also ask to see financial statements, licenses, identification and authorization documents from individuals claiming authority to represent the entity or other relevant documentation. 

PAGE INTENTIONALLY ENDS HERE. SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS. 
 
 31 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer, intending the same to take effect as of the date first written above. 
 PROSPECT FLOATING RATE AND ALTERNATIVE INCOME FUND, INC., as Company 
 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Custodian 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

Signature Page to Custody Agreement 
 ACTIVE 1602581275.4 

SCHEDULE A 
 Any of the following persons (each acting singly) shall be an Authorized Person (as this list may subsequently be modified by the Company from time to time by written notice to the Custodian) 

NAME TITLE SPECIMEN SIGNATURE EMAIL TELEPHONE 

ACTIVE 1602581275.4 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Securities Accounts 
 
 Name Number Prospect Flt Rate Inc Fund Payment Custody 224808-200 Prospect Flt Rate Inc Fund Int Collection 224808-201 Prospect Flt Rate Inc Fund Prin Collection 224808-202 
 
 Subsidiary Accounts 
 
 Prospect Flexible Funding, LLC 
 
 Name Number PROSPECT FLEXIBLE FUNDING COLLECTION 191994-200 PROSPECT FLEXIBLE FUNDING INT CLCTN 191994-201 PROSPECT FLEXIBLE FUNDING PRN CLCTN 191994-202 

ACTIVE 1602581275.4 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pfloat-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 pfloat-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 pfloat-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 pfloat-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 pfloat-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

