<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230718_10-K_edgar_data_1464865_0001477932-23-005374.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4196284</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>144746</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>823706</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1033701</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>884057</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1222408</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-005374.hdr.sgml : 20230718
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230717211622
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-005374
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230718
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230717

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Accredited Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001464865
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				452578051
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54509
		FILM NUMBER:		231092891

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9980 SOUTH 300 WEST, SUITE 200
		CITY:			SANDY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-947-9197

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9980 SOUTH 300 WEST, SUITE 200
		CITY:			SANDY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84070

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Good Hemp, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190925

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lone Star Gold, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110620

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Keyser Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090526

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-005374.txt : 20230718

10-K
 1
 accredited_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

accredited_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number (Name of Small Business Issuer in its charter) (State of incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: - Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes No On June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately , based upon the closing price on that date of the common stock of the registrant on the OTC Link alternative quotation system of 0.0005. For purposes of this response, the registrant has assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of 5 or more of its common stock are deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. As of July 11, 2023, the Company had outstanding shares of common stock. Documents incorporated by reference: None. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This report includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which include but are not limited to, statements concerning our business strategy, plans and objectives, projected revenues, expenses, gross profit, income, and mix of revenue. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by us. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, potential, believes, seeks, hopes, estimates, should, may, will, with a view to and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements do not guarantee future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Item 1. Business Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Accredited Solutions, Inc. is referred to as we, our, us, the Company, or Accredited Solutions. The Company was formed as a Nevada corporation on November 26, 2007. The Company was involved in exploration and development of mining properties until September 30, 2013, when it discontinued operations. In June 2017, the Company s creditors filed a petition in the District Court of Harris County, Texas for the appointment of a receiver. In August of 2017, the court appointed a receiver (who was subsequently appointed as an officer and director of the Company), and in February 2018, the receiver appointed William Alessi as a director of the Company and then resigned as a director and officer of the Company. On February 6, 2019, the Company acquired trademarks and intellectual property, which includes all rights and trade secrets to the hemp-derived CBD-infused line of consumer beverages sold under the Good Hemp brand. Since then, the Company has been conducting operations under the Good Hemp trade name and through the http://www.goodhemplivin.com/ website. Information on this website is not a part of this report on Form 10-Q. On April 30, 2019, the Company acquired the CANNA HEMP and CANNA trademarks including all rights and trade secrets and related inventory. 2 On August 24, 2020, with an effective date of July 1, 2020, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Paul Hervey Hervey ), an individual, for the purpose of cultivating hemp on approximately 9 acres of farmland and in approximately 3,700 square feet of greenhouse space in North Carolina (referred to as Olin Farms ). In October 2021, Olin Farms ceased operations, and the limited liability company joint venture entity was dissolved in North Carolina. On February 9, 2021, the Company formed Good Hemp Wellness, LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of North Carolina, to sell CBD products to customers through chiropractic offices. In October 2021, this company was dissolved in North Carolina, and it is being treated as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. The Company plans to sell Good Hemp Wellness CBD inventory directly. On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase Diamond Creek Group, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company which sells the Diamond Creek brand of high alkaline water products, for a total purchase price of 643,000. On April 2, 2021, the Company closed the acquisition and paid the initial 500,000 portion of the purchase price, and on April 23, 2021, paid the 143,000 purchase price balance. Effective May 11, 2022, the Company completed a Plan and Agreement of Merger (the PXS Merger Agreement with Petro X Solutions, Inc. PXS ), a Wyoming corporation, with PXS becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary as a result of the PXS Merger. Pursuant to the PXS Merger Agreement, as amended, an aggregate of 120,000,000 shares of Company common stock were issued to the shareholders of PXS in the PXS Merger. PXS markets competitively-priced, environmentally-friendly products that are designed to work as well as or better than their toxic competitors. Effective June 1, 2023, the PXS Merger was rescinded, such that all securities issued by the Company in connection with the PXS Merger were cancelled and the ownership of PXS returned to its prior owners. PXS is being treated as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. On March 14, 2022, we entered into another Plan and Agreement of Merger (the Restoration Merger Agreement ), with Restoration Artechs, Inc. Restoration ), a California corporation. Restoration is a Carlsbad, California-based restoration service company specializing in surface restoration, especially commercial and residential stainless steel surfaces. The Restoration Merger Agreement was abandoned and never consummated. Recent Divestiture Events Sale of Good Hemp-Related Assets . In February 2023, the Company sold all of its Good Hemp-related assets to JanBella Group, LLC, a company controlled by the Company s current controlling shareholder, William Alessi (then, a third-party). In consideration of such assets, Mr. Alessi forgave 5,000 of indebtedness of the Company. Rescission of PXS Acquisition . Effective June 1, 2023, the PXS acquisition was rescinded, such that all securities issued by the Company in connection with the PXS acquisition were cancelled and the ownership of PXS returned to its prior owners. PXS is being treated as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. Current Products and Growth Strategy Diamond Creek High Alkaline Water is a 9.5pH high alkaline natural spring water, sourced from the highest quality, award winning springs. Diamond Creek is available in one gallon, one liter and half liter bottles and aids in balancing the body s pH while providing superior hydration resulting from a proprietary ionization process. We are focused on expanding our US distribution reach to service more national chain stores; increase awareness of our brands in the United States; securing additional chain, convenience and key account distributors and store listings for our brands nationwide and internationally; increasing our warehouse direct-to-retail channel. We are looking for strategic acquisitions and partnerships in the beverage sector. Industry Background Non-alcoholic beverages are among the most widely distributed food products in the world and are being sold through more than 400,000 retailers in the United States, our core market. The United States has more than 2,600 beverage companies and 500 bottlers of beverage products. Collectively they account for more than 100 billion in annual sales. It is estimated that globally more than 300 billion worth of non-alcoholic beverages are sold annually. The beverage market is controlled by two giants, The Coca-Cola Company Coke and PepsiCo, combining for over 70 of the non-alcoholic beverage market. Carbonated beverage sales are slipping, while non-carbonated beverage sales are growing. The demand for better-for you and functional drinks are two of the fastest growing beverage categories. Experts predict that beverage companies that only offer carbonated beverages will have to work hard to off-set flagging demand. Industry watchers believe that growth will be largely confined to non-carbonated beverages and will chiefly affect functional drinks. 3 Bottled water maintains a steady growth pace, ranking at the top of beverage sales by volume in the United States. Total bottled water sales reached 18.1B from 2019-2020 seeing a 5.7 year over year growth. The global bottled water market size is expected to reach USD 505.19 billion by 2028, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. It is expected to expand at a CAGR of 11.1 from 2021 to 2028. The growing awareness regarding the adverse health effects of consuming sugary drinks, such as weight gain, obesity, diabetes, and heart disease, is supporting the consumption of alternative beverages, such as still and sparkling water. The growth of the market is primarily attributed to rising awareness regarding the importance of hydration. According to a study conducted by the International Bottled Water Association in 2018, it was revealed that 93 of American citizens want bottled water to be sold in most stores selling beverages. A substantial part of the population prefers to quench their thirst using bottled water over other beverages. Increasing preference for nutrient-fortified water is trending owing to the rising importance of health and wellness among buyers. Bottled water demand has been increasing among travelers, working professionals, and for use in households. Distribution Systems Our distribution strategy is comprised of traditional beverage distribution through established channels. Direct Store Delivery DSD DSD players, and regional and local distributors touch over 90 of retail chains in the US. DSDs primarily distribute beverages, chips, snacks and milk and provide pre-sales, delivery and merchandising services to their customers. Service levels are daily and weekly, and they require 25 to 30 gross profit from sales to their customers. We will grant these independent distributors the exclusive right in defined territories to distribute finished cases of one or more of our products through written agreements. These agreements typically include compensation to those distributors in the event we provide product directly to one of our regional retailers located in the distributor s region. We will choose our distributors based on their perceived ability to build our brand franchise in convenience stores and grocery stores. Direct to Retail Channel Warehouse Direct We are targeting listings with large retail convenience store and grocery store chains where we ship direct to the chain stores warehousing system. Retailers must have warehousing and delivery capabilities. Services to retailers will be provided by an assigned broker, approved by us, to oversee pre-sale and merchandising services. Our direct to retail channel of distribution is an important part of our strategy to target large national or regional restaurant chains, retail accounts, including mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these programs, we will negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products, and the account is serviced through the retailer s appointed distribution system. These arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us and will contain no minimum purchase commitments. Production Facilities Our strategy is to outsource the manufacturing and warehousing of our products to independent contract manufacturers co-packers ). Once our products are manufactured, we store finished product in a warehouse adjacent to the co-packer or in third party warehouses. Our co-packer has been chosen based on its proximity to markets. We do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packer. Our co-packer may terminate its arrangements with us at any time, in which case we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver product to customers. We regularly review our contract packing needs considering regulatory compliance and logistical requirements and may add or change co-packers based on those needs. Raw Materials Substantially all the raw materials used in the bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by us in accordance with our specifications. The water source for our Diamond Creek Water has proven to be reliable. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials. New Product Development Our product philosophy will continue to be based on developing products in those segments of the market that offer the greatest chance of success such as health, wellness and natural refreshment and rehydration, and we will continue to seek out underserved market niches. We believe we can quickly respond, given our technical and marketing expertise, to changing market conditions with new and innovative products. We are committed to developing products that are distinct, meet a quantifiable need, are proprietary, lend themselves to a markup on production costs of least a 60 , project a quality and healthy image, and can be distributed through existing distribution channels. We are identifying brands of other companies with a view to acquiring them or taking on the exclusive distribution of their products. 4 Intellectual Property We own the following intellectual property: Diamond Creek trademark. Seasonality Our sales are seasonal and experience fluctuations in quarterly results because of many factors. Historically, the industry experiences an increase in revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. Thus, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the entire fiscal year. Other Information As of December 31, 2022, the Company had two employees. The Company s office is located at 20311 Chartwell Center Drive, Ste. 1469, Cornelius, North Carolina, 28031. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. The Company s office space is provided free of charge by its controlling shareholder, William Alessi. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2022, and as of the date of this Annual Report, there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the Company s results of operations. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. The Company s common stock is not traded on any national securities exchange but is quoted on the alternative trading system operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the OTC Link ATS) under the ASII trading symbol at the OTC Pink level. The following table summarizes the high and low historical trading prices of the Company s common stock for the periods indicated as reported by OTCMarkets.com (as historic high and low bid prices are not reported by OTCMarkets.com). Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 High Low First Quarter 1.24 0.7101 Second Quarter 4.20 0.85 Third Quarter 1.9499 0.6185 Fourth Quarter 0.8999 0.0761 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 High Low First Quarter 0.149 0.028 Second Quarter 0.0769 0.0111 Third Quarter 0.0282 0.0023 Fourth Quarter 0.0043 0.0011 5 We are currently authorized to issue 2,500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001, and 30,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001, of which 15,000 shares are designated Series A Preferred Stock. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company had (a) 14,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding which are owned by one (1) holder of record and (b) 678,796,778 shares of common stock outstanding which are owned by approximately 40 shareholders of record. Series A Preferred Stock . On October 11, 2022, the Company filed with the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation (the Certificate of Designation ), which established a Series A Preferred Stock with the following rights, preferences, powers, restrictions and limitations: Designation, Amount and Par Value . The series of Preferred Stock shall be designated as Series A Preferred Stock and the number of shares so designated shall be Fifteen Thousand (15,000). Each share of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have a par value of 0.001. Fractional Shares . The Series A Preferred Stock may be issued in fractional shares. Voting Rights . The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall, as a class, have rights in all matters requiring shareholder approval to a number of votes equal to two (2) times the sum of: (a) The total number of shares of common stock which are issued and outstanding at the time of any election or vote by the shareholders; plus (b) The number of votes allocated to shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding of any other class that shall have voting rights. Dividends . The Series A Preferred Stock shall be treated pari passu with the Company s common stock, except that the dividend on each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be equal to the amount of the dividend declared and paid on each share of the Company s common stock multiplied by the Conversion Rate, as that term is defined herein. Liquidation . Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, payments to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be treated pari passu with the Company s common stock, except that the payment on each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be equal to the amount of the payment on each share of the Company s common stock multiplied by the Conversion Rate, as that term is defined herein. Conversion and Adjustments . Conversion Rate . The Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, as follows: Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible at any time into a number of shares of the Company s common stock that equals 0.001 percent (0.001 of the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the date of conversion, such that 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock would convert into one percent (1 of the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the date of conversion (the Conversion Rate ). No Partial Conversion . A holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be required to convert all of such holder s shares of Series A Preferred Stock, should any such holder exercise his, her or its rights of conversion. Adjustment for Merger and Reorganization, etc . If there shall occur any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation or merger (a Reorganization Event involving the Company in which the Company s common stock (but not the Series A Preferred Stock) is converted into or exchanged for securities, cash or other property, then each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have been converted into shares of the Company s common stock at the Conversion Rate. Protection Provisions . So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without first obtaining the unanimous written consent of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect adversely the holders of Series A Preferred Stock. Waiver . Any of the rights, powers or preferences of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock may be waived by the affirmative consent or vote of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. 6 No Other Rights or Privileges . Except as specifically set forth herein, the holder(s) of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no other rights, privileges or preferences with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock. Common Stock . Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors. The Company s Board of Directors is not restricted from paying any dividends but is not obligated to declare a dividend. No cash dividends have ever been declared and it is not anticipated that cash dividends will ever be paid. Item 6. Selected Financial Data Not applicable. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. The statements contained in the following MD A and elsewhere throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including any documents incorporated by reference, that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may, could, would, should, believe, expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, target, project, intend and similar words or expressions. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which reflect our management s beliefs, objectives, and expectations as of the date hereof, are based on the best judgement of our management. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such statements, including, without limitation, the following: economic, social and political conditions, global economic downturns resulting from extraordinary events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and other securities industry risks; interest rate risks; liquidity risks; credit risk with clients and counterparties; risk of liability for errors in clearing functions; systemic risk; systems failures, delays and capacity constraints; network security risks; competition; reliance on external service providers; new laws and regulations affecting our business; net capital requirements; extensive regulation, regulatory uncertainties and legal matters; failure to maintain relationships with employees, customers, business partners or governmental entities; the inability to achieve synergies or to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with risks and uncertainties detailed in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent filings on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. We caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, and new factors may emerge, or changes to the foregoing factors may occur, that could impact our business. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by the federal securities laws. Certain information contained in this discussion and elsewhere in this report may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is subject to the safe harbor created by that act. The safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act will not apply to certain forward looking statements because we issued penny stock (as defined in Section 3(a)(51) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 3(a)(51-1) under the Exchange Act) during the three year period preceding the date(s) on which those forward looking statements were first made, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided by rule, regulation or order of the Securities and Exchange Commission. We caution readers that certain important factors may affect our actual results and could cause such results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements which may be deemed to have been made in this Report or which are otherwise made by or on our behalf. For this purpose, any statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as may, will, expect, believe, explore, consider, anticipate, intend, could, estimate, plan, or propose or the negative variations of those words or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect our results include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties associated with: Our ability to raise capital necessary to sustain our anticipated operations and implement our business plan, Our ability to implement our business plan, Our ability to generate sufficient cash to survive, The degree and nature of our competition, The lack of diversification of our business plan, The general volatility of the capital markets and the establishment of a market for our shares, and Disruption in the economic and financial conditions primarily from the impact of past terrorist attacks in the United States, threats of future attacks, police and military activities overseas and other disruptive worldwide political and economic events and environmental weather conditions. 7 We are also subject to other risks detailed from time to time in our other filings with Securities and Exchange Commission and elsewhere in this report. Any one or more of these uncertainties, risks and other influences could materially affect our results of operations and whether forward-looking statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. Our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information, future events or otherwise. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency; and disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues exceed 1.07 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. History of Operations On February 6, 2019, the Company acquired trademarks and intellectual property, which included all rights and trade secrets to the hemp-derived CBD-infused line of consumer beverages sold under the Good Hemp brand. On April 30, 2019, the Company acquired the CANNA HEMP and CANNA trademarks including all rights and trade secrets and related inventory. On August 24, 2020, with an effective date of July 1, 2020, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Paul Hervey Hervey ), an individual, for the purpose of cultivating hemp on approximately 9 acres of farmland and in approximately 3,700 square feet of greenhouse space in North Carolina (referred to as Olin Farms ). In October 2021, Olin Farms ceased operations, and the limited liability company joint venture entity was dissolved. On February 9, 2021, the Company formed Good Hemp Wellness, LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of North Carolina, to sell CBD products to customers through chiropractic offices. In October 2021, this company was dissolved in North Carolina, and it is being treated as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. In February 2023, the Company sold all of its Good Hemp-related assets to JanBella Group, LLC, a company controlled by the Company s current controlling shareholder, William Alessi (then, a third-party). In consideration of such assets, Mr. Alessi forgave 5,000 of indebtedness of the Company. On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase Diamond Creek Group, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company which sells the Diamond Creek brand of high alkaline water products, for a total purchase price of 643,000. On April 2, 2021, the Company closed the acquisition and paid the initial 500,000 portion of the purchase price, and on April 23, 2021, paid the 143,000 purchase price balance. Effective May 11, 2022, the Company acquired, by merger, Petro X Solutions, Inc., a Wyoming corporation PXS ). In the transaction, the Company issued a total of 120,000,000 shares of its common stock. PXS markets competitively-priced, environmentally-friendly products that are designed to work as well as or better than their toxic competitors. Its primary product, EnviroXstreamTM, is a plant-based, non-toxic, safe, yet powerful, cleaner/degreaser technology that expedites the natural bio-degradation process of hydrocarbons and other compounds. EnviroXstreamTM is currently a California South Coast AQMD-Certified Clean Air Solvent, and in the past has been, an EPA-designated Safer Choice product. EnviroXstreamTM distinguishes itself by its efficacy, which is buttressed by its green credentials. Effective June 1, 2023, the PXS acquisition was rescinded, such that all securities issued by the Company in connection with the PXS acquisition were cancelled and the ownership of PXS returned to its prior owners. PXS is being treated as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. 8 Basis of Presentation Effective May 11, 2022, the Company consummated the Merger Agreement with PXS, pursuant to which PXS became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company issued 100,000,000 shares of its common stock to the shareholders of PXS and four persons were added to the Company s Board of Directors. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company s four new directors were issued a total of 81,083,333 shares of Company common stock. Thus, a change in control of the Company occurred in connection with the Merger Agreement. Due to the effects of the reverse merger acquisition of PXS occurring effective May 11, 2022, in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations, the presentation of the financial statements represents the continuation of PXS, the accounting acquirer, except for the legal capital structure. Historical shareholders equity of the Company, the accounting acquiree, has been adjusted to reflect the recapitalization. Retained earnings (deficit) of the PXS, the accounting acquirer have been carried forward after the acquisition and operations prior to the merger are those of PXS, the accounting acquirer. Earnings per share for periods prior to the merger have been adjusted to reflect the recapitalization. Accordingly, (1) the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022, reports the Company and PXS on a consolidated basis, (2) the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021, reports the Company as it existed prior to its acquisition of PXS, (3) the Company s Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for December 31, 2021, reflects the Company as it existed prior to its acquisition of PXS, and for December 31, 2022 reflects an adjustment for the reverse merger (recapitalization) between the Company and PXS, (4) the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, reports the Company and PXS on a consolidated basis, and (5), the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, report historical information of PXS. Current Plan of Business Since the June 1, 2023, rescission of the PXS acquisition, the Company has re-focused its operating plans on expanding its Diamond Creek Water business. However, without additional capital, it is unlikely that such business will expand rapidly, if at all. Results of Operations For the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenues We had 483,036 and 0 in revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenue increased in 2022 as compared to 2021 because of the acquisition of Diamond Creek in the reverse merger in May 2022. Diamond Creek actually experienced a decrease in sales volumes resulting from sudden and extreme inflationary pressures faced by Diamond Creek for the shipping and delivery of its bottled water during the second, third and much of the fourth quarter of 2022. In response to such inflationary pressures, Diamond Creek simply did not ship orders that would, as a result of the extremely inflated shipping costs, result in a transactional loss. This strategy, while yielding lower total revenue, permitted Diamond Creek to continue operating without requiring infusions of capital. Cost of Sales We had 387,909 and 0 of cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Operating Expenses Operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 301,444 and 0, respectively. The increase in expenses for 2022 compared to 2021 is due primarily to the acquisition of Diamond Creek in the reverse merger in May 2022. Other Income (Expenses) Other income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 231,918 and 0, respectively. The gain on derivatives for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 2,189,161 and 0, respectively. The loss on extinguishment of debt for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 1,149,267 and 0, respectively. Net Income (Loss) Net income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 31,688) and 30), respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources We had a cash balance of 1,418 and negative working capital of 4,369,108 at December 31, 2022, and a cash balance of 0 and working capital of 22,172 at December 31, 2021. The Company s anticipated capital requirements for the next 12 months will consist of expenses of being a public company and general and administrative expenses all of which we currently estimate will cost 100,000, excluding revenue related expenses and salaries. We will be required to seek additional funding in order to cover such anticipated expenses. However, we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding, either through sales of equity or debt instruments, to fund such expenses. We currently do not have any agreements, arrangements or understandings with any person or entity to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. 9 Sources and Uses of Cash Operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, used 233,526 of net cash. Operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 used 30 of net cash. Net cash provided by financing activities of 125,000 was received from the issuance of convertible notes payable and 110,00 was received from the issuance of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities of 20,000 was received from the issuance of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. Critical Accounting Policies Use of Estimates. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates in the accompanying financial statements include the amortization period for intangible assets, valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets, depreciable lives of the web site and property and equipment, valuation of warrant and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts, valuation of share-based payments and the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. Changes in Accounting Principles. No significant changes in accounting principles were adopted during fiscal 2022 and 2021. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 360-10, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements. The Company measures their financial assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For certain of our financial instruments, including cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses escrow liability and short-term loans the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. We have adopted accounting guidance for financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. The adoption did not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. This standard defines fair value, provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements, but rather applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow), and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels: Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us, which reflect those that a market participant would use. Revenue Recognition. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASU 2014-09 ), which amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 is based on principles that govern the recognition of revenue at an amount an entity expects to be entitled when products are transferred to customers. ASU 2014-09 was effective for the Company in its first quarter of 2019. Subsequently, the FASB has issued the following standards related to ASU 2014-09: ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations ASU 2016-08 ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing ASU 2016-10 and ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients ASU 2016-12 ). The Company must adopt ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 with ASU 2014-09 (collectively, the new revenue standards ). The new revenue standards may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of adoption. The Company adopted the new revenue standards in its first quarter of 2018 utilizing the full retrospective transition method. 10 Stock-Based Compensation. The Company accounts for stock-based instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718. ASC Topic 718 requires companies to recognize in the statement of operations the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation issued to employees. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 505-50. The value of the portion of an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods using the straight-line attribution method. The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Inflation Inflation had a detrimental impact on our 2022 operations. Our Diamond Creek sales volumes significantly dropped due to sudden and extreme inflationary pressures faced by Diamond Creek for the shipping and delivery of its bottled water during the second, third and much of the fourth quarter of 2022. In response to such inflationary pressures, Diamond Creek simply did not ship orders that would, as a result of the extremely inflated shipping costs, result in a transactional loss. This strategy, while yielding lower total revenue, permitted Diamond Creek to continue operating without requiring infusions of capital. Inflationary pressures continue to impact the operating results of Diamond Creek, though not to the extreme levels experienced in 2022. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk Not applicable. Item 8. Financial Statements 11 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Accredited Solutions Inc 20311 Chartwell Center Drive Suite 1469 Cornelius, NC 28031 Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Accredited Solutions, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of the year ended December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has a working capital deficit, and accumulated deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 12 Critical Audit Matters A critical audit matter is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee or the Company s governance and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating critical audit matters, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We have determined there are critical matters related to the Company s convertible debentures. As described in Notes 7, Notes Payable and Note 9 Derivative Liabilities to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had convertible debentures that required accounting considerations and significant estimates. The Company determined that variable conversion features issued in connection with certain convertible debentures required derivative liability classification. These variable conversion features were initially measured at fair value and subsequently have been remeasured to fair value at each reporting period. The Company determined the fair value of the embedded derivatives using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. The value of the embedded derivative liabilities related to the convertible debentures was 2,838,278 and gain recognized from the change of derivative liability was 2,189,161 at December 31, 2022 compared to the merger date May 11, 2022. We identified the accounting considerations and related valuations, including the related fair value determinations of the embedded derivative liabilities of such as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination were: (1) the accounting consideration in determining the nature of the various features (2) the evaluation of the potential derivatives and potential bifurcation in the instruments, and (3) considerations related to the determination of the fair value of the various debt and equity instruments and the conversion features that include valuation models and assumptions utilized by management. An audit of these elements is especially challenging and requires auditor judgement due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. Our audit procedures related to management s conclusion on the evaluation and related valuation of embedded derivatives, included the following, among others: (1) evaluating the relevant terms and conditions of the various financings, (2) assessing the appropriateness of conclusions reached by the Company with respect to the accounting for the convertible debt, and the assessment and accounting for potential derivatives and (3) independently recomputing the valuations determined by Management. Emphasis of a Matter As described in Note 4 Acquisition of Petro X Solutions, Inc, the Company acquired Petro X Solutions, Inc. (PXS) on May 11, 2022. The acquisition was treated as a reverse merger in accordance with ASC 805-40-45-1. The Company was treated as the legal acquirer and PXS was treated as the accounting acquirer. The financial statements presents the Company and PXS on a consolidated basis. The disclosure also discusses the presentation of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. As described in Note 5 Rescission of Acquisition of Petro X Solutions, Inc., effective June 1, 2023, the PXS Merger was rescinded, such that all securities issued by the Company in connection with the PXS Merger were cancelled and the ownership of PXS returned to its prior owners. PXS is being treated retroactively as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. July 17, 2023 PCAOB ID: 13 ACCREDITED SOLUTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Current assets held for sale Total current assets Other assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intellectual property Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Interest payable Interest payable to related parties Notes payable Convertible notes, net of discounts Convertible notes to related parties, net of discounts Derivative liabilities Current liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' deficit Preferred stock - Class A - shares authorized, par value, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Common stock - shares authorized, par value, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 14 ACCREDITED SOLUTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization expense Total operating expenses Operating loss Other income (expense) Change in derivative liabilities Interest expense Loan fees Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on impairment of intangible assets Total other income (expense) Net income (loss) from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations Net income (loss) Net loss per share from continuing operations - basic and diluted Net loss per share from discontinued operations basic and diluted Net loss per share basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 15 ACCREDITED SOLUTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Additional Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance, December 31, 2020 - Issuance of common stock for cash - Issuance of common stock for exercise of warrant - Net loss for the year - - Balance, December 31, 2021 - Issuance of common stock for cash - Cancellation of common stock - Reverse merger acquisition - Conversion of common stock into preferred stock Issuance of preferred stock for services - Issuance of common stock for conversion of note payable - Issuance of common stock for sponsorship agreement - Warrants issued for commitment fee - - Net loss for the year - - ) Balance, December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 16 ACCREDITED SOLUTIONS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss Net loss from discontinued operations Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Stock-based compensation Loss on extinguishment of debt Impairment of intangible assets Gain on derivative liabilities Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Interest payable Interest payable to related parties Operating cash flows from discontinued operations Net cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Net funds received with acquisition of subsidiary Net cash flows from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from convertible notes payable, net of discounts Financing activities of discontinued operations Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period Cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations Cash and cash equivalents - end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental non-cash information Conversion of common stock into preferred stock Spire sponsorship agreement for common stock Conversion of notes payable into common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 17 ACCREDITED SOLUTIONS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . On April 2, 2021, the Company closed the acquisition and paid the initial portion of the purchase price, and on April 23, 2021, paid the purchase price balance. Effective May 11, 2022, the Company completed a Plan and Agreement of Merger (the PXS Merger Agreement with Petro X Solutions, Inc., a Wyoming corporation PXS ), with PXS becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary as a result of the PXS Merger. Pursuant to the PXS Merger Agreement, as amended, an aggregate of shares of Company common stock were issued to the shareholders of PXS in the PXS Merger. PXS markets competitively-priced, environmentally-friendly products that are designed to work as well as or better than their toxic competitors. Effective June 1, 2023, the PXS Merger was rescinded, such that all securities issued by the Company in connection with the PXS Merger were cancelled and the ownership of PXS returned to its prior owners. PXS is being treated as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. The Company s operations are centered on those of Diamond Creek Group and its bottled water products. 18 Use of Estimates Consolidation Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Fair Value of Financial Instruments 19 Cash and Cash Equivalents Inventory Concentration and Credit Risk Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Derivative Financial Instruments Commitment and Contingencies Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share 20 Revenue Recognition Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements at December 31, 2022, had a net loss of for the year ended December 31, 2022, and cash used in operating activities of for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management s plans include raising capital in the debt and equity markets. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until its operations become established enough to be considered reliably profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 21 shares of its common stock to the shareholders of PXS and four persons were added to the Company s Board of Directors. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company s four new directors were issued a total of shares of Company common stock. Thus, a change in control of the Company occurred in connection with the Merger Agreement. Due to the effects of the reverse merger acquisition of PXS occurring effective May 11, 2022, in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations, the presentation of the financial statements represents the continuation of PXS, the accounting acquirer, except for the legal capital structure. Historical shareholders equity of the Company, the accounting acquiree, has been adjusted to reflect the recapitalization. Retained earnings (deficit) of PXS, the accounting acquirer have been carried forward after the acquisition and operations prior to the merger are those of PXS, the accounting acquirer. Earnings per share for periods prior to the merger have been adjusted to reflect the recapitalization. shares of Company common stock were issued to the shareholders of PXS in the PXS Merger. PXS markets competitively-priced, environmentally-friendly products that are designed to work as well as or better than their toxic competitors. Effective June 1, 2023, the PXS Merger was rescinded, such that all securities issued by the Company in connection with the PXS Merger were cancelled and the ownership of PXS returned to its prior owners. PXS is being treated as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, (1) the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022, reports the Company and PXS on a consolidated basis, (2) the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021, reports the Company as it existed prior to its acquisition of PXS, (3) the Company s Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit for December 31, 2021, reflects the Company as it existed prior to its acquisition of PXS, and for December 31, 2022 reflects an adjustment for the reverse merger (recapitalization) between the Company and PXS, (4) the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, reports the Company and PXS on a consolidated basis, and (5), the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, report historical information of PXS. shares of the Company s Class A preferred shares for a total value of . The transaction was completed on February 12, 2019. 22 .39. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not attributed any value to the acquired trademarks. Effective February 28, 2020, the Company entered into a Branding Agreement (the Branding Agreement with Spire Holdings, LLC Spire Holdings ), pursuant to which the Company would immediately issue Spire Holdings shares of the Company s common stock (the Spire Shares ), and Spire Holdings would provide the Company (i) 7 primary NASCAR Cup Series No. 77 entry automobile, team and drivers Car sponsorships, and (ii) 25 associate or secondary sponsorships in connection with the Car, subject to NASCAR and network television approval. Pursuant to the Branding Agreement, Spire has some antidilution protection and piggyback registration rights with respect to the Spire Shares. On February 10, 2021, the Company and Spire Holdings entered into an Amendment to Branding Agreement amending the sponsorship dates to be during the 2021-2022 NASCAR Cup Series racing seasons instead of the 2020-2021 racing season. On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase Diamond Creek Group, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company which sells the Diamond Creek brand of high alkaline water products, for a total purchase price of . On April 2, 2021, the Company closed the acquisition and paid the initial portion of the purchase price, and on April 23, 2021, paid the purchase price balance. During 2021, a major customer chose not to continue purchasing products from Diamond Creek. The Company evaluated goodwill and determined that it was impaired by . The determination was based upon the loss of a major customer of Diamond Creek, with the resulting decline in revenues. The purchase price was allocated as follows: Assets acquired Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Property and equipment Trademark Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Note payable Total liabilities assumed Impairment of goodwill Goodwill On December 31, 2022 the Company impaired the Good Hemp-related assets by , based on evaluation of these assets by management. In February 2023, the Company sold all of its Good Hemp-related assets to JanBella Group, LLC, a company controlled by the Company s current controlling shareholder, William Alessi (then, a third-party). In consideration of such assets, Mr. Alessi forgave of indebtedness of the Company. Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 4, 2021, in the principal amount of . The note was funded by the Investor on February 4, 2021, and on such date pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, the Company reimbursed the Investor for expenses for legal fees and due diligence of . The securities purchase agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The note matures 12 months after the date of the note on February 4, 2022. period ending on the last complete trading day prior to the date of conversion; provided, however, that the Investor may not convert the note to the extent that such conversion would result in the Investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. The beneficial ownership limitation may not be waived by the Investor. On August 2, 2021, the Company paid the note, accrued interest and prepayment penalty in full. On February 16, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Power Up Lending Group pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the Investor an Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 16, 2021, in the principal amount of . The note was funded by the Investor on February 16, 2021, and on such date pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, the Company reimbursed the Investor for expenses for legal fees and due diligence of . The securities purchase agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The note matures 12 months after the date of the note on February 16, 2022. ; provided, however, that the Investor may not convert the note to the extent that such conversion would result in the Investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. The beneficial ownership limitation may not be waived by the Investor. On August 11, 2021, the Company paid the note, accrued interest and prepayment penalty in full. Effective February 16, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with AES Capital Management, LLC, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to an Convertible Redeemable Promissory Note AES Note in the principal amount of . The AES Note was funded by the investor on February 16, 2021, and on such date pursuant to AES Note, the Company reimbursed the investor for loan fees of , receiving net funding of . On August 26, 2021, the Company paid the note, accrued interest and prepayment penalty in full. On March 26, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Leonite Capital LLC Leonite pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the Investor an Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 26, 2021, in the principal amount of . The note was funded by the Investor on March 26, 2021, and on such date pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, the Company reimbursed the Investor for expenses for legal fees and due diligence of . The securities purchase agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The note matures 12 months after the date of the note on March 26, 2022. ; provided, however, that the Investor may not convert the note to the extent that such conversion would result in the Investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. The beneficial ownership limitation may not be waived by the Investor. The financing required the Company to issue shares of common stock to Leonite. This note is in default so default interest of 24.0 is in place along with penalties. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of this note was and accrued interest and penalties was . 23 Convertible Redeemable Promissory Note (the GS Capital Note ), dated April 21, 2021, in the principal amount of . The GS Capital Note included a 8,000 original issue discount, and was funded by the investor on April 22, 2021, and on such date pursuant to the GS Capital SPA, the Company reimbursed the investor for legal fees of , receiving net funding of . The GS Capital SPA includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The GS Capital Note matures 12 months after the date of the note on April 21, 2022. ; provided, however, that the investor may not convert the note to the extent that such conversion would result in the investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. On October 27, 2021, the Company issued 52,848 shares of common stock for the conversion of principal and interest of 11,027. On November 17, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of principal and interest of . On December 13, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of principal and interest of . During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of principal and interest of . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of this note was . On April 20, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Power Up SPA with Power Up Lending Group Ltd., a Virginia corporation, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the investor a Convertible Promissory Note (the Power Up Note ), dated April 20, 2021, in the principal amount of . The Power Up Note was funded by the investor on April 23, 2021, and on such date pursuant to the Power Up SPA, the Company reimbursed the investor for expenses for legal fees and due diligence of , receiving net funding of . The Power Up SPA includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The Power Up Note matures 12 months after the date of the Power Up Note on April 20, 2022. ; provided, however, that the investor may not convert the note to the extent that such conversion would result in the investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. The beneficial ownership limitation may not be waived by the investor. On October 20, 2021, the Company paid the note, accrued interest and prepayment penalty in full. On May 4, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Metrospaces, Inc., a Florida corporation, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the investor a Convertible Redeemable Note, dated April 4, 2021, in the principal amount of . The note was funded by the investor on May 4, 2021, with the Company receiving funding of . The securities purchase agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The note matures 12 months after the date of the note on . ; provided, however, that the investor may not convert the note to the extent that such conversion would result in the investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of 9.9 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of principal and interest of . This note is in default so default interest of 24.0 is in place. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of this note was and accrued interest was . On August 13, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc., a New York corporation, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the investor a Convertible Note, dated August 13, 2021, in the principal amount of . The Note included a original issue discount and was funded by the investor on August 13, 2021, with the Company receiving funding of . The note carries a one-time interest charge of of . The note has mandatory monthly payments of 27,541 starting on September 30, 2021 until the note is paid in full. The securities purchase agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The note matures 12 months after the date of the note on . ; provided, however, that the investor may not convert the note to the extent that such conversion would result in the investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. The Company made the first note payment on 27,541 prior to September 30, 2021. However, the Company has not made any of the required payments for October, November and December 2021 as required by the note agreement. During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of principal and interest of . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of this note was . 24 Convertible Redeemable Promissory Note (the Jefferson Note ), dated October 5, 2021, in the principal amount of . The Jefferson Note included a original issue discount, and was funded by the investor on October 13, 2021, and on such date pursuant to the Jefferson Note, the Company reimbursed the investor for loan fees of , receiving net funding of . The Jefferson SPA includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The Jefferson Note matures on August 20, 2022. ; provided, however, that the investor may not convert the note to the extent that such conversion would result in the investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of principal and interest of . This note is in default so default interest of 24.0 is in place along with penalties. As of December 31, 2020, the outstanding balance of this note was and accrued interest and penalties was . On October 19, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Sixth Street SPA with Sixth Street Lending, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the investor a Convertible Redeemable Promissory Note (the Sixth St Note ), dated October 19, 2021, in the principal amount of . The Sixth St Note was funded by the investor on October 22, 2021, and on such date pursuant to the Sixth St Note, the Company reimbursed the investor for loan fees of 2,500, receiving net funding of . The Sixth Street SPA includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The Sixth St Note matures on October 19, 2022. ; provided, however, that the investor may not convert the note to the extent that such conversion would result in the investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. The beneficial ownership limitation may not be waived by the investor. During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of principal and interest of . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of this note was . One July 27, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, a Virginia limited partnership 1800 Diagonal ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to 1800 Diagonal a Promissory Note (the Note ), dated , in the principal amount of . The Note was funded by 1800 Diagonal on August 1, 2022, with the Company receiving funding of , net of legal fees of and a due diligence fee of . The SPA includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. The Note matures 12 months after the date of the note on July 27, 2023. After the 180th day following July 27, 2022, the Company has no right of repayment. Company s common stock on the date of conversion, any time after the date that is 180 days after July 27, 2022; provided, however , that 1800 Diagonal may not convert the Note to the extent that such conversion would result in the investor s beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock being in excess of of the Company s then-issued and outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of this note was and accrued interest was . to Maurice Bideaux, the Company s former chief executive officer and director, was forgiven by Mr. Bideaux in 2010. An additional advance from Mr. Bideaux of was forgiven by Mr. Bideaux in 2021. Mr. William Alessi is the Company s former CEO and director of the Company. The JanBella Group is an entity controlled by Mr. Alessi. Chris Chumas is a former director of the Company. On July 18, 2019, the Company issued promissory notes to Mr. Alessi, JanBella Group and Mr. Chumas to evidence the amounts they advanced to the Company. The notes are due on demand, bear interest at 10 per year, and are secured by all of the Company's assets. At the option of the noteholders, the notes may be converted into shares of the Company's common stock. On January 29, 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock to each of William Alessi and Chris Chumas, respectively, for partial conversion of their promissory notes in the principal amount of each, respectively. On October 15, 2021, the Company paid to both Mr. Alessi and Mr. Chumas as payments against the promissory notes held by these individuals. At December 31, 2022, the Company owed Mr. Alessi . At December 31, 2022, the Company owed JanBella Group . At December 31, 2022, the Company owed Mr. Chumas . 25 shares of its common stock to the shareholders of PXS and four persons were added to the Company s Board of Directors. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company s four new directors were issued a total of shares of Company common stock. On October 11, 2022, the Company entered into three separate securities exchange agreements (collectively, the Exchange Agreements ). Specifically, the Company entered into Exchange Agreements with three of its former officers and directors, (a) Fabian G. Deneault (the Deneault Agreement (b) Eric Newlan (the Newlan Agreement and (c) William E. Sluss (the Sluss Agreement ). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreements, the Company is to issue a total of shares of its Series A Preferred Stock, in exchange for a total of shares of its Common Stock, as follows: shares shares Newlan Agreement shares shares Sluss Agreement shares shares All shares that were the subject of the Exchange Agreements were cancelled and returned to the status of authorized and unissued. In October 2022, the Company issued shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to its Interim CEO, Douglas V. Martin, as a retention bonus. Such shares were valued at , in the aggregate. .00 years Expected average volatility Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate The fair value measurements of the derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022, is summarized: The fair value measurements of the derivative liabilities at December 31, 2021 is summarized: 26 shares of common stock to 11 investors for in cash. On May 8, 2022, four shareholders surrendered shares of common stock that were immediately cancelled by the Company. On May 11, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to shareholders of Petro X Solutions, Inc in a reverse merger. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Geneva Roth Reward Holding for conversion of in convertible debt. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Jefferson Street Capital, LLC for conversion of in convertible debt. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Leonite Capital, LLC for conversion of in convertible debt. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Sixth Street Lending, LLC for conversion of in convertible debt. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to GS Capital for conversion of in convertible debt. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Metrospace for conversion of in convertible debt. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock William Alessi for conversion of in convertible debt. On October 11, 2022, three shareholders exchanged shares of common stock for shares of series A preferred stock. Also on that day, the Company issued shares of series A preferred stock to an individual for services rendered valued at . On December 5, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock per a sponsorship agreement with Spire Motorsports valued at . See Part II Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds regarding the sale of unregistered securities and use of proceeds. cashless warrants with an initial exercise price of per share. . The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the United States statutory rate compared to the Company s income tax expense as reported is as follows: Valuation allowance change Provision for income taxes 27 Inventories Prepaid expenses TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS CURRENT LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Accounts payable TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS In accordance with the provisions of ASC 205-20, the Company has not included in the results of continuing operations the results of operations of the discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The results of operations for this entity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and consist of the following: Cost of sales Gross profit OPERATING EXPENSES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: General and administrative OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Provision for income taxes of discontinued operations NET INCOME (LOSS) OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS In accordance with the provisions of ASC 205-20, the Company has separately reported the cash flow activity of the discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The cash flow activity from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and consist of the following: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS Issuance of common stock for cash Exercise of warrants for common stock Net cash used in financing activities of discontinued operations 28 of indebtedness of the Company. In connection with the sale of assets to . Change-in-Control Agreements Effective June 1, 2023, there occurred a change in control of the Company. On such date, pursuant to four separate Control Securities Purchase Agreements (collectively, the Change-in-Control Agreements ), William Alessi acquired all of the outstanding shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, which securities provide Mr. Alessi voting control of the Company, as follows: Name of Seller Name of Purchaser Securities Purchased Consideration Shares of Series A Preferred Stock and other good and valuable consideration, including the delivery of the Mutual Release. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock and other good and valuable consideration, including the delivery of the Mutual Release. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock and other good and valuable consideration, including the delivery of the Mutual Release. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock and other good and valuable consideration, including the delivery of the Mutual Release. As a class, the Series A Preferred Stock possesses voting power of the Company. In connection with the Change-in-Control Agreements, Eduardo A. Brito was appointed as a Director of the Company. Rescission Agreement On May 31, 2023, the Company and Petro X Solutions, Inc. (PXS), entered into a Rescission Agreement and Mutual Release (the Rescission Agreement ). Pursuant to the Rescission Agreement, the Plan and Agreement of Merger dated as of March 8, 2022, and closed May 11, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ), between the Company and PXS was rescinded. The Rescission Agreement closed June 1, 2023. Under the terms of the Rescission Agreement, all securities of the Company issued to the shareholders of PXS pursuant to the Merger Agreement were cancelled and all of the securities acquired by the Company pursuant to the Merger Agreement were returned to the shareholders of PXS in existence immediately prior to the closing of the Merger Agreement. Following the consummation of the Rescission Agreement, including all related agreements, the only business of the Company was that of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Diamond Creek Group, LLC, which sells the Diamond Creek brand of high alkaline water products. The Rescission Agreement was a condition precedent to the Change-in-Control Agreements. Mutual Release As a condition precedent to the Change-in-Control Agreements, the Company entered into a Mutual Release (the Mutual Release with PXS, William Alessi, Chris Chumas, Fabian G. Deneault, Eric Newlan, William E. Sluss and Douglas V. Martin. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Mutual Release, the parties released every other party from any all claims now existing and/or future claims. In addition, each of the parties hereby agreed not to disparage any of the other parties, their respective officers, directors, employees, stockholders, agents and affiliates, in any manner likely to be harmful to them or their business, business reputation or personal reputation. Assignment of Spire Motorsports Contract As a condition precedent to the Change-in-Control Agreements, the Company and Spire Motorsports entering an agreement whereby the Motorsports Sponsorship Agreement, including all remaining obligations thereunder in the amount of , was assigned to PXS. Loans from Related Party Since March 31, 2023, a former officer and director of the Company, Eric Newlan (then an officer and director of the Company) made advances on behalf of the Company in the total amount of , which amounts were used to pay operating expenses of the Company. The amounts loaned by Mr. Newlan are due on demand and bear no interest. Issuances of Common Stock Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to Spire Motorsports II, LLC, under a Motorsports Sponsorship Agreement dated December 5, 2022, as amended as of March 1, 2023. These shares were valued at , in the aggregate. 29 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. Dismissal of Registrant s Certifying Accountant . On November 7, 2022 (the Dismissal Date ), the Board of Directors of the Company dismissed Boyle CPA, LLC Boyle as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and informed Boyle of such decision on the same date. The reports of Boyle on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, other than an explanatory paragraph relating to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as well as during the subsequent interim periods preceding the Dismissal Date, there were no (1) disagreements (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and related instructions) with Boyle with respect to any matter relating to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosures, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement(s), if not resolved to the satisfaction of Boyle, would have caused it to make reference thereto in its reports on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for such years; or (2) reportable events (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions), except the material weaknesses reported in Part II, Item 9A Controls and Procedures in the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020. The Company has provided Boyle with a copy of this Current Report on Form 8-K, in accordance with Item 304(a)(3) of Regulation S-K and requested that Boyle provide the Company with a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether or not Boyle agrees with the above disclosures. A copy of Boyle s letter to the SEC dated November 8, 2022, is attached hereto as Exhibit 16.1. Appointment of New Certifying Accountant . On November 7, 2022 (the Engagement Date ), the Company s Board of Directors approved the selection and engagement of Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC Mokuolu as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the subsequent interim periods through the Engagement Date, neither the Company, nor anyone on its behalf, consulted Mokuolu regarding any of the matters or events set forth in Items 304(a)(2)(i) or (ii) of Regulation S-K. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act were not effective as of December 31, 2022, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, and summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and our disclosure controls and procedures were also ineffective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of the CEO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal controls over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records which in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 30 A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management used the criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on the criteria established by COSO, management (with the participation of the CEO and CFO) identified the following material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which arose from the limited number of number of staff at the Company and the inability to achieve proper segregation of duties: The Company lacked effective controls for ensuring the accuracy of reporting over significant account balances, including the review, approval, and documentation of related transactions and account reconciliations and other complex accounting procedures. The Company lacked effective controls because their directors are not independent. As a result of these material weaknesses, management concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls The Company s management, including the CEO and acting CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of the control system must reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Except as set forth above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm This annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report on Form 10-K. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 31 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The following table sets for the names, ages and positions of our board members and executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report: Name Age Position Eduardo A. Brito 49 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director Rodney L. Sperry 55 Chief Financial Officer Directors are generally elected at an annual shareholders meeting and hold office until the next annual shareholders meeting, or until their successors are elected and qualified. Executive officers are elected by directors and serve at the board s discretion. Eduardo A. Brito, appointed as our CEO and Sole Director on June 1, 2023, began his entrepreneurial career at the age of 17, when he co-founded GEO Express, a Miami-based shipping and import/export company. Mr. Brito worked in the film and entertainment industries from 2000 until 2018. During this time, he was Executive Producer at Estrella TV-, the 3rd largest Latino TV network in the US. While at Estrella TV, he produced two television series-, Buscando Amor and Gana La Verde (the Spanish Blind Date and Fear Factor Shows). Mr. Brito received his BA from UCLA 2003. He is fluent in Spanish and English. Rodney L. Sperry, appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on June 22, 2021, has fifteen years of experience in public company accounting. His industry background includes audits for both private and publicly traded companies in various industries including manufacturing, distribution, mining, energy, and not for profit organizations. He has served as outside controller for several public companies over the last eleven years and has been responsible for SEC filings and compliance. Mr. Sperry was a licensed CPA in the State of Utah from February 2001 through September 2014, and he has operated his own accounting and business consulting practice for the past twelve years. He obtained his Bachelor s degree in accounting from Westminster College and his Master s degree in business administration (MBA) from Utah State University. The Company believes that its directors are qualified to serve as directors due to their experience in the capital markets and retail industries, and their general business knowledge. The Company does not have an independent director, as that term is defined in Section 803 of the NYSE Company Guide. The Company does not have a financial expert. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Pursuant to Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, we have the power to indemnify any person made a party to any lawsuit by reason of being a director or officer of the Company, or serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Our articles of incorporation provide that the Company shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. With regard to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Corporation in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the common shares being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by a controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and will be governed by the final adjudication of such case. Director Compensation There are no formal agreements with our directors for compensation, although they have received shares for their services from time to time. Director Independence During the period ended December 31, 2022, we had no independent directors. Involvement on Certain Material Legal Proceedings During the Last Five Years No director, officer, significant employee or consultant has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, exclusive of traffic violations. No bankruptcy petitions have been filed by or against any business or property of any director, officer, significant employee or consultant of the Company nor has any bankruptcy petition been filed against a partnership or business association where these persons were general partners or executive officers. 32 No director, officer, significant employee or consultant has been permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended or otherwise limited from involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. No director, officer or significant employee has been convicted of violating a federal or state securities or commodities law. Directors and Officers Liability Insurance The Company does not maintain directors and officers liability insurance. Code of Ethics We intend to adopt a code of ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer, but have not done so to date due to our relatively small size. We intend to adopt a written code of ethics in the near future. Board Composition Our Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of not less than one nor more than fifteen directors. Each director of the Company serves until his successor is elected and qualified, subject to removal by the Company s majority shareholders. Each officer shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined by the Board of Directors and shall hold his office until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. No Committees of the Board of Directors; No Financial Expert We do not presently have a separately constituted audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or any other committees of our Board of Directors. Nor do we have an audit committee or financial expert. Management has determined not to establish an audit committee at present because our limited resources and limited operating activities do not warrant the formation of an audit committee or the expense of doing so. As such, our entire Board of Directors acts as our audit committee. We do not have a financial expert serving on the Board of Directors or employed as an officer based on management s belief that the cost of obtaining the services of a person who meets the criteria for a financial expert under Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K is beyond our limited financial resources and the financial skills of such an expert are simply not required or necessary for us to maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting in light of the limited scope and simplicity of accounting issues raised in our financial statements at this stage of our development. Compliance with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). Based solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, were not filed timely. 33 Item 11. Executive Compensation. The following table summarizes the compensation earned by the Company s principal executive officers during the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Fiscal Year Ended 12/31 Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compen- sation ) Total ) Eduardo A. Brito 2022 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Chief Executive Officer (1) 2021 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Rodney L. Sperry 2022 --- --- --- --- --- --- 15,862 15,862 Chief Financial Officer (2) 2021 --- --- --- --- --- --- 11,840 11,840 William Alessi 2022 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Former Chief Executive Officer (3) 2021 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Emma Setzer 2022 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Former Chief Financial Officer (4) 2021 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Ron F. Sickels 2022 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Former Chief Executive Officer (5) 2021 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Douglas V. Martin 2022 12,500 --- 10,778 --- --- --- 23,278 Former Interim CEO (6) 2021 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Fabian G. Deneault 2022 30,000 --- --- --- --- --- Executive Vice President (7) 2021 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- William E. Sluss 2022 12,500 --- --- --- --- --- 12,500 Former Chief Operating Officer (8) 2021 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- Eric Newlan 2022 30,000 --- --- --- --- --- 30,000 Former Vice Pres. and Secretary (9) 2021 --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- (1) Mr. Brito did not become our Chief Executive Officer until June 1, 2023. (2) Mr. Sperry was appointed out Chief Financial Officer on June 22, 2021. (3) Mr. Alessi resigned as our Chief Executive Officer on May 11, 2022. (4) Ms. Setzer served as our Chief Financial Officer from September 5, 2020, through June 22, 2021. (5) Mr. Sickels served as our Chief Executive Officer from May 11, 2022, through July 24, 2022. (6) Mr. Martin served as our Interim CEO from July 26, 2022, through June 1, 2023. (7) Mr. Deneault served as our Executive Vice President from May 11, 2022, through June 1, 2023. (8) Mr. Sluss served as our Chief Operating Officer from May 11, 2022, through June 1, 2023. (9) Mr. Newlan served as our Vice President and Secretary from May 11, 2022, through June 1, 2023. Long-Term Incentive Plans. The Company does not provide its officers or employees with pension, stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive or other plans, nor does it provide non-qualified deferred compensation to its officers or employees, and therefore, the Summary Compensation Table above does not include columns for nonequity incentive plan compensation and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings, since there were none. Employee Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plans. The Company does not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing or other retirement plan, although it may adopt one or more of such plans in the future. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, none of the Company s officers was also a member of the compensation committee or a director of another entity, which other entity had one of its executive officers serving as one of the Company s directors. Outstanding Equity Awards Our directors and officers do not have unexercised options, stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards. 34 Compensation of Directors Director Compensation Table Fiscal Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards Option Awards All Other Compensation Total Name Year (1) (2) (3) (4) ) William Alessi (5) 2022 - - - - - 2021 - - - - - Chris Chumas (6) 2022 - - - - - 2021 - - - - - Ron F. Sickels (7) 2022 - - - - - 2021 - - - - - Fabian G. Deneault (8) 2022 - - - - - 2021 - - - - - William E. Sluss (8) 2022 - - - - - 2021 - - - - - Eric Newlan (8) 2022 - - - - - 2021 - - - - - Eduardo A. Brito (9) 2022 - - - - - 2021 - - - - - __________ (1) The dollar value of salary (cash and non-cash) earned. (2) The value of the shares of restricted stock issued as compensation for services computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. (3) The value of all stock options computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. (4) All other compensation received that could not be properly reported in any other column of the table. (5) Mr. Alessi resigned as a director of the Company on May 11, 2022. (6) Mr. Chumas resigned as a director of the Company on May 11, 2022. (7) Mr. Sickels served as a Director of the Company from May 11, 2022, through July 24, 2022. (8) This person served as a Director of the Company from May 11, 2022, through June 1, 2023. (9) Mr. Brito was appointed as a Director of the Company on June 1, 2023. Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements The Company does not have employment or director agreements. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners The following table lists, as of the date of this Annual Report, the shareholdings of (i) each person owning beneficially 5 or more of the Company s outstanding securities; (ii) each executive officer of the Company, and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each owner has sole voting and investment power over his securities. Information relating to beneficial ownership of securities by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. Except as disclosed herein, we do not have any outstanding options, or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed is c/o Accredited Solutions, Inc., 20311 Chartwell Center Drive, Suite 1469, Cornelius, North Carolina 28031. 35 COMMON STOCK Name of Beneficial Owner Title of Class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) Percent of Class (2) Eduardo A. Brito (3) Common Stock 0 0 Rodney L. Sperry (4) Common Stock 0 0 William Alessi Common Stock 95,031,549 (5) 12.28 All Officers and Directors as a Group (2 persons) Common Stock 0 0 _________ (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power to the shares of the Company s common stock. (2) Based on 773,828,327 shares outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report, (A) including 678,796,778 shares of the Company's common stock that are issued and outstanding and (B) an additional 95,031,549 shares of common stock that are not issued, but are considered to be outstanding pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1). For each Beneficial Owner listed, any instruments convertible within 60 days have been also included for purposes of calculating their percent of class. (3) Officer and director. (4) Officer. (5) None of these shares has been issued, but underlie the currently convertible shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 36 SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK Name of Beneficial Owner Title of Class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) Percent of Class (2) William Alessi (3) Series A Preferred Stock (4) 14,000 100 ________ (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. The beneficial owner listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power to the shares of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock. (2) As of the date of this Annual Report, a total of 14,000 shares of the Company's Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. (3) With the voting rights of the Series A Preferred Stock, Mr. Alessi controls the Company through his ownership of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock. (4) The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, as a class, have voting rights in all matters requiring shareholder approval equal to 66.67 of all shares eligible to vote. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible at any time into a number of shares of the Company s common stock that equals 0.001 percent (0.001 of the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the date of conversion, such that 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock would convert into one percent (1 of the number of issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the date of conversion. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Loans From Officers and Directors As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company owed a former officer and director and current controlling shareholder, William Alessi, a total of 241,547 in principal and interest. This indebtedness is evidenced by a convertible note, which, as amended, was due on October 31, 2022, and is convertible into shares of Company common stock at .001 per share. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company owed JanBella Group, LLC, a company owned by Mr. Alessi, a total of 148,063 in principal and interest. This indebtedness is evidenced by a convertible note, which, as amended, was due on October 31, 2022, and is convertible into shares of Company common stock at .001 per share. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company owed a former officer and director, Chris Chumas, a total of 138,884 in principal and interest. This indebtedness is evidenced by a convertible note, which, as amended, was due on October 31, 2022, and is convertible into shares of Company common stock at .001 per share. As of the date of this Annual Report, the Company owed a former officer and director, Eric Newlan, a total of 14,100, which loan was made on open account and is payable on demand. The amount owed to Mr. Newlan represents advances made by him in payment of certain operating expenses of the Company subsequent to December 31, 2022. Securities Exchange Agreements On October 11, 2022, the Company entered into three separate securities exchange agreements (collectively, the Exchange Agreements ). Specifically, the Company entered into Exchange Agreements with three of its former officers and directors, (a) Fabian G. Deneault (the Deneault Agreement (b) Eric Newlan (the Newlan Agreement and (c) William E. Sluss (the Sluss Agreement ). 37 Pursuant to the Exchange Agreements, the Company is to issue a total of 13,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock, in exchange for a total of 33,166,670 shares of its Common Stock, as follows: Exchange Agreement Number of Shares of Common Stock Exchanged Number of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Issued Deneault Agreement 14,083,330 shares 5,500 shares Newlan Agreement 14,083,340 shares 5,500 shares Sluss Agreement 5,000,000 shares 2,000 shares All 33,166,670 shares that were the subject of the Exchange Agreements were cancelled and returned to the status of authorized and unissued. Officer Bonus In October 2022, the Company issued 1,000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock to its Interim CEO, Douglas V. Martin, as a retention bonus. Such shares were valued at 10,778, in the aggregate. Change-in-Control Agreements Effective June 1, 2023, there occurred a change in control of the Company. On such date, pursuant to four separate Control Securities Purchase Agreements (collectively, the Change-in-Control Agreements ), William Alessi acquired all of the outstanding shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, which securities provide Mr. Alessi voting control of the Company, as follows: Name of Seller Name of Purchaser Securities Purchased Consideration Fabian G. Deneault William Alessi 5,500 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock 10 and other good and valuable consideration, including the delivery of the Mutual Release. William E. Sluss William Alessi 2,000 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock 10 and other good and valuable consideration, including the delivery of the Mutual Release. Eric Newlan William Alessi 5,500 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock 10 and other good and valuable consideration, including the delivery of the Mutual Release. Douglas V. Martin William Alessi 1,000 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock 10 and other good and valuable consideration, including the delivery of the Mutual Release. As a class, the Series A Preferred Stock possesses 66.67 voting power of the Company. In connection with the Change-in-Control Agreements, Eduardo A. Brito was appointed as a Director of the Company. Rescission Agreement On May 31, 2023, the Company and Petro X Solutions, Inc. (PXS), entered into a Rescission Agreement and Mutual Release (the Rescission Agreement ). Pursuant to the Rescission Agreement, the Plan and Agreement of Merger dated as of March 8, 2022, and closed May 11, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ), between the Company and PXS was rescinded. The Rescission Agreement closed June 1, 2023. Under the terms of the Rescission Agreement, all securities of the Company issued to the shareholders of PXS pursuant to the Merger Agreement were cancelled and all of the securities acquired by the Company pursuant to the Merger Agreement were returned to the shareholders of PXS in existence immediately prior to the closing of the Merger Agreement. Following the consummation of the Rescission Agreement, including all related agreements, the only business of the Company was that of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Diamond Creek Group, LLC, which sells the Diamond Creek brand of high alkaline water products. The Rescission Agreement was a condition precedent to the Change-in-Control Agreements. Mutual Release As a condition precedent to the Change-in-Control Agreements, the Company entered into a Mutual Release (the Mutual Release with PXS, William Alessi, Chris Chumas, Fabian G. Deneault, Eric Newlan, William E. Sluss and Douglas V. Martin. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Mutual Release, the parties released every other party from any all claims now existing and/or future claims. In addition, each of the parties hereby agreed not to disparage any of the other parties, their respective officers, directors, employees, stockholders, agents and affiliates, in any manner likely to be harmful to them or their business, business reputation or personal reputation. 38 Director Independence Our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange or on any inter-dealer quotation system which has a requirement that a majority of directors be independent. Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director by the standards for director independence set forth in the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Under these rules, a director is not considered to be independent if he or she also is an executive officer or employee of the corporation. Our board of directors has determined that the Company does not have any independent directors. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following table sets forth fees billed to us by our independent auditors for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 for (i) services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements, (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees, and (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice and assistance. Services 2022 2021 Audit fees - 0 Audit-related fees - - Tax fees - - All other fees - - Total fee _ 0 39 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. The following exhibits are filed with this Form 10-K or incorporated by reference: Exhibit Description 2.1 Plan and Agreement of Merger among Good Hemp, Inc., Good Hemp Name Change Subsidiary, Inc. and Petro X Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 11, 2022) 2.2 Plan and Agreement of Merger among Good Hemp, Inc., Good Hemp Name Change Subsidiary 2, Inc. and Restoration Artechs, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2022) 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020, file no. 333-248986) 3.2 Articles of Merger (changing Company name) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020, file no. 333-248986) 3.3 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 25, 2018, file no. 000-54509) 3.4 Certificate of Designation of Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020, file no. 000-54509) 3.5 Certificate of Designation of Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2020, file no. 000-54509) 10.1 Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement, between the Company and Good Hemp Living, LLC, dated February 6, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2019, file no. 000-54509) 10.2 Branding Agreement between the Company and Spire Holdings, LLC, effective as of February 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2020, file no. 000-54509) 10.3 Joint Venture Agreement of Olin Farms, LLC, between the Company and Paul Hervey, dated July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020, file no. 333-248986) 10.4 Promissory Note dated July 17, 2019, issued by the Company to William Alessi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020, file no. 333-248986) 10.5 Promissory Note dated July 17, 2019, issued by the Company to JanBella Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020, file no. 333-248986) 10.6 Promissory Note dated July 17, 2019, issued by the Company to Chris P. Chumas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020, file no. 333-248986) 10.7 Promissory Note dated July 22, 2019, issued by the Company to William Alessi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020, file no. 333-248986) 10.8 Promissory Note dated July 22, 2019, issued by the Company to Chris P. Chumas IRA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 23, 2020, file no. 333-248986) 10.9 Consulting Services Agreement between the Company and Scott Shellady, dated June 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2020, file no. 000-54509) 10.10 Amendment to Branding Agreement between the Company and Spire Holdings, LLC, entered into February 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.11 Securities Purchase Agreement, between the Company and Leonite Capital LLC, dated March 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.12 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated February March 25, 2021, issued by the Company to Leonite Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.13 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 25, 2021, issued to Leonite Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.14 Pledge and Security Agreement between the Company and Leonite Capital LLC, dated March 25, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.15 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, between the Company and the Sellers, dated April 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.16 Employment Agreement, between the Company and Kenneth Morgan, dated April 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.17 Common Stock Warrant, dated April 1, 2021, issued to Kenneth Morgan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 40 10.18 Securities Purchase Agreement, entered into between Good Hemp, Inc. and GS Capital Partners, LLC, dated April 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.19 Convertible Promissory Note dated April 21, 2021, by Good Hemp, Inc. to GS Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.20 Securities Purchase Agreement, entered into between Good Hemp, Inc. and Metrospaces, Inc., dated May 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.21 Convertible Promissory Note dated May 4, 2021, by Good Hemp, Inc. to Metrospaces, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.22 Engagement Agreement, between Good Hemp, Inc. and Sperry Advisory Services, LLC, dated June 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.23 Securities Purchase Agreement, entered into between Good Hemp, Inc. and Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc., dated August 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.24 Promissory Note dated August 13, 2021, by Good Hemp, Inc. to Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.25 Securities Purchase Agreement, entered into between Good Hemp, Inc. and Jefferson Street Capital LLC, dated October 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.26 Inventory Financing Promissory Note dated October 5, 2021, by Good Hemp, Inc. to Jefferson Street Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.27 Securities Purchase Agreement, entered into between Good Hemp, Inc. and Sixth Street Lending LLC, dated October 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 10.28 Convertible Promissory Note dated October 19, 2021, by Good Hemp, Inc. to Sixth Street Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2021, file no. 000-54509) 31.1 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 31.2 Certification by the Principal Accounting Officer 32.1 Certifications by the Principal Executive Officer 32.2 Certifications by the Principal Accounting Officer 101 INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101 SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101 CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101 DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101 LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document 101 PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith. XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 41 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ACCREDITED SOLUTIONS, INC. Dated: July 17, 2023 By: /s/ Eduardo Brito Eduardo Brito Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Rodney Sperry Rodney Sperry Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of l934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Eduardo Brito Director July 17, 2023 Eduardo Brito 42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 accredited_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 accredited_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Eduardo A. Brito, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Accredited Solutions, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: July 17, 2023 By: /s/ Eduardo A. Brito Eduardo A. Brito Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 accredited_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 accredited_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Rodney Sperry, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Accredited Solutions, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: July 17, 2023 By: /s/ Rodney Sperry Rodney Sperry Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 accredited_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 accredited_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Eduardo A. Brito, Chief Executive Officer of Accredited Solutions, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: July 17, 2023 By: /s/ Eduardo A. Brito Eduardo A. Brito Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 accredited_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 accredited_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Rodney Sperry, Chief Financial Officer of Accredited Solutions, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: July 17, 2023 By: /s/ Rodney Sperry Rodney Sperry Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ghmp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ghmp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ghmp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ghmp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

