<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230912_10-K_edgar_data_1158780_0001213900-23-076079.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6421860</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>294369</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1243818</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1530866</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1621248</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1552954</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-076079.hdr.sgml : 20230912
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230912160106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-076079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230912
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230912

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pluri Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001158780
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				980351734
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31392
		FILM NUMBER:		231250056

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATAM ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		BUILDING NO. 5
		CITY:			HAIFA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			3508409
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-74-710-7171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MATAM ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		BUILDING NO. 5
		CITY:			HAIFA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			3508409

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PLURISTEM THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071228

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PLURISTEM LIFE SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AI SOFTWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010906

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-076079.txt : 20230912

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_pluriinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from [ 
] to [ ] 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number 011-972-74-7108600 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Global Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None. 
 
 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked prices of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of
each of the registrant s classes of common shares, as of the latest practicable date. 

as of September 8, 2023 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 34 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 34 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 
 
 35 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 35 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 40 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 40 

PART III 
 
 41 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 54 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 54 

PART IV 
 55 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 55 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 57 

i 

Our financial statements
are stated in thousands United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles,
or U.S. GAAP. 

In this annual report, unless
otherwise specified, all dollar, amounts are expressed in U.S. dollars. 

As used in this annual report,
the terms we , us , our , the Company , and Pluri mean Pluri Inc.,
our wholly owned Israeli subsidiary, our majority owned Israeli subsidiary, and the wholly owned subsidiary of our Israeli subsidiary
in Germany, unless otherwise indicated or required by the context. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report, that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements
may be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes, intends, 
 plans, expects, may, will, should, or anticipates 
or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. We remind readers that forward-looking statements are merely predictions and therefore inherently subject to uncertainties
and other factors and involve known and unknown risks that could cause the actual results, performance, levels of activity, or our achievements,
or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance, levels of activity, or our achievements, or industry
results, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements appear in Item 1 Business 
and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, (especially
in the section titled Outlook as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report and include, among other statements, statements
regarding the following: 

the expected development and potential
benefits from our products in regenerative medicine, biologics and food technology, or food tech, as well as potentially in other industries
and verticals that have a need for our mass scale and cost-effective cell expansion platform; 

the prospects of entering into additional license agreements,
 or other forms of cooperation with other companies, research organizations and medical institutions, including, without limitation
 Tnuva (as defined below); 

our pre-clinical and clinical study plans, including timing
 of initiation, expansion, enrollment, results, and conclusion of trials; 

achieving regulatory approvals; 

receipt of future funding from the Israel Innovation Authority,
 or IIA, the European Union s Horizon programs, the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, as well as grants from other
 independent third parties; 

ii 

developing capabilities for new clinical indications of
 placenta expanded, or PLX, cells and new products; 

our expectation to demonstrate a real-world impact and
 value from our pipeline, technology platform and commercial-scale manufacturing capacity; 

the possible impacts of cybersecurity incidents on our
 business and operations; 

our expectations regarding our short- and long-term capital
 requirements; 

our outlook for the coming months and future periods, including
 but not limited to our expectations regarding future revenue and expenses; 

information with respect to any other plans and strategies
 for our business; and 

the Israeli government is pursuing extensive changes to
 Israel s judicial system, which may negatively impact the business environment in Israel with reluctance for investments or
 transactions as well as lead to increased currency fluctuations, downgrades in credit rating and increased interest rates. 

The factors discussed herein,
including those risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors , and expressed from time to time in our filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or SEC, could cause actual results and developments to be materially different from those expressed in or implied
by such statements. In addition, historic results of scientific research, clinical and preclinical trials do not guarantee that the conclusions
of future research or trials would not suggest different conclusions. Also, historic results referred to in this Annual Report would
be interpreted differently in light of additional research, clinical and preclinical trials results. The forward-looking statements are
made only as of the date of this filing, and except as required by law we undertake no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking
statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

iii 

PART
I 

ITEM 1.
BUSINESS. 

Overview 

We are a biotechnology company
with an advanced cell-based technology platform. We have developed a unique three-dimensional, or 3D, technology platform for cell expansion
with an industrial scale in-house Good Manufacturing Practice, or GMP, cell manufacturing facility. We are utilizing our technology in
the field of regenerative medicine and food tech and plan to utilize it in other industries and verticals that have a need for our mass
scale and cost-effective cell expansion platform. 

We use our advanced cell-based
technology platform in the field of regenerative medicine to develop placenta-based cell therapy product candidates for the treatment
of inflammatory, muscle injuries and hematologic conditions. Our PLX cells are adherent stromal cells that are expanded using our 3D
platform. Our PLX cells can be administered to patients off-the-shelf, without blood or tissue matching or additional manipulation
prior to administration. PLX cells are believed to release a range of therapeutic proteins in response to the patient s condition. 

Our operations are focused
on the research, development and manufacturing of cells and cell-based products, conducting clinical studies and the business development
of cell therapeutics and cell-based technologies, such as our collaboration with Tnuva Food Industries Agricultural Cooperative
in Israel Ltd., through its fully owned subsidiary, Tnuva Food-Tech Incubator (2019), Limited Partnership, or Tnuva, to use our technology
to establish a cultivated food platform, as well as the collaboration agreement we signed in 2022 with a leading European manufacturer
of active pharmaceutical ingredients, or APIs, to use our expansion technology, which aims to revolutionize the production of biologics
by enabling a cost-effective, sustainable and cruelty-free ingredient. 

In the pharmaceutical area,
we have focused on several indications utilizing our product candidates, including, but not limited to, muscle recovery following surgery
for hip fracture, incomplete recovery following bone marrow transplantation, critical limb ischemia, or CLI, Chronic Graft versus Host
Disease and a potential treatment for Hematopoietic Acute Radiation Syndrome, or H-ARS. Some of these studies have been completed while
others are still ongoing. We believe that each of these indications is a severe unmet medical need. 

In July 2023, we announced
that we signed a three year 4.2 million contract with the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, or NIAID, which
is part of the NIH. Pluri will collaborate with the U.S. Department of Defense s Armed Forces Radiobiology Research Institute,
or AFRRI, and the Uniformed Services University of Health Sciences, or USUHS, in Maryland, U.S.A., to further advance the development
of its PLX-R18 cell therapy as a potential novel treatment for H-ARS, a deadly disease that can result from nuclear disasters and radiation
exposure. 

In the food tech field, we
established a new venture with Tnuva, Ever After Foods Ltd., or Ever After Foods, (previously Plurinuva Ltd.), which is incorporated under
the laws of the State of Israel. Ever After Foods is developing cultivated meat products based on Pluri s platform 3D cell expansion
technology. 

We were incorporated in Nevada
on May 11, 2001. Pluri Inc. has a wholly owned subsidiary, Pluri Biotech Ltd., or the Subsidiary, which is incorporated under the laws
of the State of Israel. In January 2020, the Subsidiary established a wholly owned subsidiary, Pluristem GmbH, which is incorporated
under the laws of Germany. 

1 

Scientific Background Cell Therapy 

Cell therapy is an established
field within the regenerative medicine area. The characteristics and properties of cells vary as a function of tissue source and growth
conditions. The human placenta from which our PLX cells are derived provides a unique source of non-embryonic, adult cells and represents
an innovative approach in the cell therapy field. The different factors that PLX cells release suggest that the cells can be used therapeutically
for a variety of ischemic, inflammatory, autoimmune and hematological deficiencies. 

Our Technology 

Our technology platform, a
patented and validated state-of-the-art 3D cell expansion system, aims to advance novel cell-based solutions for a range of industries,
including, but not limited to pharmaceuticals, food, agricultural, and biologics. Our method is uniquely accurate, scalable, cost-effective,
and consistent from batch to batch. Our technology is currently implemented in the fields of regenerative medicine and food tech. 

Our system utilizes a synthetic
scaffold to create an artificial 3D environment where cells can grow. Our automated proprietary 3D, Current Good Manufacturing Practice,
or cGMP, approved process enables the large-scale monitored and controlled production of reproducible, high quality cell products and
in mass quantities. Additionally, our current manufacturing process, which has scaled up during the years, has demonstrated batch-to-batch
consistency, an important manufacturing challenge for biological products. 

We developed a new cell manufacturing
process for industrial scale cell manufacturing called PluriMatrix, which we announced in April 2023, and which is built upon our platform
3D cell expansion technology, scaling high-quality cell production. PluriMatrix is also used by Ever After Foods, for producing cultivated
meat. 

Product Candidates 

We believe that our technology
will continue to fuel medical research and develop pharmaceuticals, while also being used to potentially create novel cell-based solutions
for other innovative initiatives such as food tech, cellular agriculture and biologics. We aim to establish partnerships that leverage
our 3D cell-based technology to additional industries that require effective, mass cell production and will enable us to accelerate the
time to market. 

Pluri Health 

Our primary objective is
to be the leading provider of allogeneic placenta-based cell therapy products that are true off-the-shelf products that do not require
any matching or additional manipulation prior to administration. Currently, our PLX products are administered intramuscular, or IM, using
a standard needle and syringe. 

PLX-PAD 

Our first product candidate,
PLX-PAD, is composed of maternal mesenchymal stromal cell, or MSC, like cells originating from the placenta. 

PLX-R18 

Our second product candidate,
PLX-R18, is composed of fetal MSC like cells originating from the placenta. 

Modified PLX cells 

As a platform technology
company, we are also developing additional product candidates, which are modified or induced PLX cells: 

Induced PLX cells: we are
using cells from the placenta, induced with cytokines, to transiently alter their secretion profile. 

Modified PLX cells using
CRISPR, or other gene editing technology: CRISPR is a unique technology which allows precise gene editing of cells. Using this technology,
we can initiate the next evolution in cell therapy by allowing the reprograming of cells for specific needs. Our aim is to incorporate
the genetic engineering techniques into our cell manufacturing platform in order to develop large scale allogenic engineered PLX products
designed for specific indications. 

We believe that using the
placenta as a unique cell source, combined with our innovative research, development and high-quality manufacturing capabilities, will
be the engine that drives this platform technology towards the successful development of additional PLX cell therapy products
and indications. 

2 

Our Clinical Development Product Candidates 

Orthopedic Indications .
Following U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and European Medicine Agency, or EMA, clearance, a multinational Phase III study
was conducted and completed in the United States, Europe and Israel. The primary endpoint of this study was the Short Physical Performance
Battery, or SPPB, a test for lower limb performance and functional status. We completed enrollment of 240 patients and the study was designed
to assess the efficacy at six months and a year, as well as safety for up to two years. 

On July 13, 2022, we announced
topline results from our Phase III study of muscle regeneration following hip fracture surgery. PLX-PAD was demonstrated to be an effective
accelerator of muscle strength and regeneration. A significant increase in Hip Abduction Strength (HAS) was observed at week 26 and week
52 for patients treated with PLX-PAD (n=120), in the injured leg (p=0.047, p=0.0022) and uninjured leg (p=0.073, p=0.0046) compared to
placebo (n=120). The study did not meet the primary endpoint, which was the SPPB test at week 26. On October 26, 2022, a 52-week follow
up of all patients was completed. 

Our Phase III study protocol
and design was based on our phase I/II, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (n=20) to assess the safety and efficacy of
IM injections of allogeneic PLX-PAD cells for the regeneration of injured gluteal musculature after total hip replacement had been conducted
in Germany under the approval of Paul Ehrlich Institute, or PEI. In this study, PLX-PAD cells or placebo were administered into the traumatized
gluteal muscle during total hip replacement surgery. The study results met its primary efficacy endpoint, change in maximal voluntary
isometric contraction force of the gluteal muscle at six months after total hip replacement. Patients treated with PLX-PAD had a significantly
greater improvement of maximal voluntary muscle contraction force than the placebo group (p=0.0067). In addition, the study demonstrated
that PLX-PAD was safe and well tolerated by patients. 

COVID-19 Complicated by
Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, or ARDS . In May 2020, the FDA cleared our Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, for
a Phase II study of our PLX-PAD cells for treatment of severe COVID-19 cases complicated by ARDS and we initiated the study in June 2020.
The U.S. study is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter, parallel-group intended to evaluate the efficacy and safety
of IM injections of PLX-PAD for the treatment of severe COVID-19 cases complicated by ARDS. The primary endpoint is the number of ventilator
free days, or VFD, from day 1 through day 28 of the study. Secondary efficacy endpoints include all-cause mortality, duration of mechanical
ventilation, intensive care unit, or ICU, free-days, and hospitalization free-days. Safety and survival follow-up will be conducted until
week 52. In addition, the FDA has cleared our Expanded Access Program, or EAP, for the use of our PLX-PAD cells to treat ARDS caused
by COVID-19 outside of the Phase II COVID-19 complicated by ARDS study in the United States. The EAP approval was for up to 100 patients. 

In August 2020, the PEI cleared
our Phase II study in Germany titled, A Randomized, Controlled, Multicenter, Parallel-Group Phase II Study to Evaluate the Efficacy
and Safety of Intramuscular Injections of PLX PAD for the Treatment of severe COVID-19, relating to the treatment of patients
hospitalized with severe cases of COVID-19 complicated by ARDS. The primary efficacy endpoint of the study is the number of ventilator
free days during the 28-days from day one through day 28 of the study. Secondary efficacy endpoints include all-cause mortality, duration
of mechanical ventilation, ICU free-days, and hospitalization free-days. Safety and survival follow-up will be conducted until week 52.
We enrolled patients in Europe and Israel under this protocol. 

On July 8, 2021, we announced
that we were bringing our COVID-19 complicated by ARDS Phase II studies in the United States, Europe and Israel to clinical readout.
The analysis was based on 89 patients enrolled. 

On December 27, 2021, we
announced topline results for our COVID-19 studies based on 89 patients enrolled. The studies did not meet the primary efficacy endpoint
of statistically significant improvement of VFD at 28 days. Taking into consideration the baseline risk factors of the ARDS patients,
no differences in the safety profile were observed between PLX-PAD and placebo. The U.S., Europe, and Israel studies are complete and
the clinical study reports have been submitted to the relevant regulatory agencies. 

3 

Recovery Following HCT .
This Phase I study of PLX-R18 in HCT was completed in the United States and Israel. The study assessed the safety of PLX-R18 by assessing
adverse events, safety labs and vital signs in patients receiving different doses of PLX-R18. One year follow up for all patients was
completed in September 2021 and the results of the study were announced on March 23, 2022. PLX-R18 was well-tolerated with a favorable
safety profile. Patients treated with PLX-R18 showed a mean increase in all three blood cell types compared to baseline with platelets
(p 

Peripheral and Cardiovascular
Diseases . We investigated the use of PLX-PAD cells for the treatment of peripheral arterial disease, or PAD, including intermittent
claudication, or IC, and CLI. We completed two Phase I safety/dose-escalating clinical studies for CLI, one in the United States and
one in Germany. These CLI studies demonstrated that no blood type or human leukocyte antigen matching is required, and that the administration
of PLX-PAD cells is safe, even if two doses are administered to a patient on two different occasions. We completed a Phase II study in
IC which was conducted in the United States, Germany, South Korea and Israel. A total of 172 patients were treated in this study. IM
administration of PLX-PAD cells was concluded to be safe and well tolerated. We completed a pivotal Phase III study of PLX-PAD cells
in the treatment of CLI for patients with minor tissue loss (Rutherford Category 5) who are unsuitable for revascularization. This multinational
Phase III study was conducted in the United States, Europe and Israel and enrolled 213 patients in total. In December 2020, the independent
Data Monitoring Committee, or DMC, issued its recommendation letter following an interim analysis relating to the CLI Phase III study.
A clinical dataset was reviewed by the independent DMC for safety and analysis of the primary endpoint of amputation-free survival, defined
as time to occurrence of major amputation of the index leg or death. Based on the review, the DMC concluded that the CLI study was unlikely
to meet the primary endpoint by the time of the final analysis. Following the DMC s recommendation, we decided to terminate the
CLI study. 

ARS . On July 11, 2023,
we signed a three-year 4.2 million contract with the NIAID, which is part of the NIH. Pluri will collaborate with the U.S. Department
of Defense s, or DoD s, AFRRI and USUHS to further advance the development of its PLX-R18 cell therapy as a potential novel
treatment for H-ARS. H-ARS is a deadly disease that can result from nuclear disasters and radiation exposure. The period of performance
of this contract will be from July 1, 2023 through June 30, 2024, which may be extended for an additional two year period. 

Before signing the contract,
we conducted several animal studies for the evaluation of PLX-R18 for the treatment of ARS, in collaboration with NIAID. 

The NIH funded and conducted
a pilot study in non-human primates, or NHPs, to evaluate the therapeutic effect of PLX-R18 on hematological aspects of ARS. In 2017,
we announced results of the NHPs pilot study for PLX-R18 as a treatment for ARS. Although study size was not designed to show significance,
results showed a trend toward improved survival of PLX-R18 treated animals compared to control, placebo treated animals. The study, conducted
and funded by the NIAID, was designed to assess the safety and efficacy of PLX-R18 following IM injection into irradiated and non-irradiated
NHPs. Efficacy measures included survival as well as hematological parameters which are affected by exposure to high levels of radiation
as may occur in a nuclear accident or attack. These data will help the design of a pivotal study to fulfill the requirements for a Biologics
License Application, or BLA, submission under the FDA s Animal Rule regulatory pathway. 

In October 2017, we announced
that the FDA granted us an orphan drug designation for our PLX-R18 cell therapy for the prevention and treatment of ARS. In April 2018,
we announced that the FDA approved our Investigational New Drug, or IND, application for PLX-R18 cell therapy in the treatment of ARS.
The IND allows us to treat victims who may have been acutely exposed to high dose radiation due to nuclear attack or accident. In July
2019, we presented positive results from a series of studies of our PLX-R18 cell therapy product conducted by the DoD Armed Forces Radiobiology
Research Institute, part of the USUHS. The studies were designed to evaluate PLX-R18 as a potential prophylactic countermeasure against
ARS administered prior to radiation exposure. These animal studies demonstrate that PLX-R18, administered 24 hours before radiation exposure,
and again 72 hours after exposure, resulted in a significant increase in survival rates, from 4 survival rate in the placebo group to
74 in the treated group. In addition, the data show an increase in recovery of blood lineages and a favorable safety profile. Furthermore,
histopathological analysis and hematopoietic progenitor clonogenic assay of tissues collected show a significant increase in bone marrow
cell numbers and improved regenerative capability into all blood lineages. 

4 

Steroid-Refractory cGVHD .
In September 2017, we signed an agreement with Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (Ichilov Hospital) to conduct a Phase I/II clinical study
of PLX-PAD cell therapy for the treatment of Steroid-Refractory cGVHD. This study is an investigator-initiated study. As such, Tel Aviv
Sourasky Medical Center supports the study and is responsible for its design and implementation. 17 patients have been treated in this
study to date. 

Regulatory and Clinical Affairs Strategy 

Our cell therapy development
strategy is to hold open and frequent discussions with regulators at all stages of development from preclinical studies to more advanced
regulatory stages. We utilize this strategy in working with the FDA, the EMA, Germany s PEI as well as other European national
competent authorities, the Minister of Health, or MOH, Japan s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, or PMDA, and also the
Ministry of Food and Drug Safety, or MFDS, of South Korea. 

Our Activities in the Food Tech Sector - Ever
After Foods 

On January 5, 2022, we signed
definitive collaboration agreements with Tnuva through the Subsidiary. Under the definitive collaboration agreements, or the Joint Venture
Agreement, we established a new company, Ever After Foods, with the purpose of developing cultivated meat products of all types and kinds.
Ever After Foods is engaged in the development, manufacturing and commercialization of technology, know-how and products that will be
based on licensed products, or the Licensed Products, relating to the field of cultivated meat, or the Field. 

Pursuant to the Joint Venture
Agreement, Tnuva entered into a share purchase agreement, or the SPA, with Ever After Foods and the Subsidiary, pursuant to which Ever
After Foods issued on the closing date of the SPA, or the Closing Date, 187,500 ordinary shares, representing 15.79 of its share capital,
to Tnuva, as well as a warrant to purchase additional shares of Ever After Foods, in consideration of an aggregate of 7.5 million in
cash, which expired unexercised. 

In December 2022, we reported
that our joint venture successfully completed proof of concept in its development of cultivated meat based on our cell-based technology
platform. Ever After Foods is also using PluriMatrix for producing cultivated meat. 

Technology Collaboration the Biologics
Field 

In September 2022, we entered
into a collaboration agreement, or API Collaboration, with a leading European manufacturer of APIs, among others, used to treat liver
diseases and gallstones. As part of our collaboration, we utilize our platform to develop and manufacture a unique biologic API. The
current source of this API is derived from animals that are sacrificed during the extraction process. The joint goal of the collaboration
is to grow the specific cells needed for this API in our 3D cell expansion bioreactor systems which in return will secrete the biological
molecule without harming animals. As of June 30, 2023, we recorded revenues of 270,000 related to API Collaboration. 

We believe that proof of
concept with API derived from animals will open opportunities for us to serve additional API manufacturers in the rapidly growing biologics
markets. 

5 

Intellectual Property 

We understand that our success
will depend, in part, on maintaining our intellectual property, and therefore we are committed to protecting our technology and product
candidates with patents and other methods described below. 

We are the sole owner of
142 issued patents and approximately 55 pending patent applications in the United States, Europe, China, Japan and Israel, as well as
in additional countries worldwide, including countries in the Far East and South America (in calculating the number of issued patents,
each European patent validated in multiple jurisdictions was counted as a single patent). 

Based on the well-established
understanding that the characteristics and therapeutic potential of a cell product are largely determined by the source of the cells
and by the methods and conditions used during their culturing, our patent portfolio includes different types of claims that protect the
various unique aspects of our technology. 

Our multi-national portfolio of patent and patent
applications includes the following claims: 

our
 proprietary 3D expansion methods for adherent cells including placental stromal
 cells plant cells; 

composition
 of matter claims covering the cells; 

our
 proprietary 3D expansion methods for cells in suspension including immune cells; 

the
 therapeutic and cosmetic use of PLX cells for the treatment of a variety of conditions; and 

cell-culture,
 harvest, thawing and formulation devices. 

Through our experience with
the development of adherent stromal cell-based products, we have gained expertise and know-how in this field and have established procedures
for manufacturing clinical-grade PLX cells in our facilities. Certain aspects of our manufacturing process are covered by patents and
patent applications. In addition, specific aspects of our technology are retained as know-how and trade secrets that are protected by
our confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, manufacturers and advisors. These agreements generally provide
for protection of confidential information, restrictions on the use of materials, and obligations to assign to us inventions created
during the course of performing services for us. 

The following table sets
forth our key patents and patent applications and is not intended to represent an assessment of claims, limitations or scope. In some
cases, a jurisdiction is listed as both pending and granted for a single patent family. This is due to pending continuation or divisional
applications of the granted case. 

6 

The expiration dates of these
patents, based on filing dates, range from 2027 to 2043. Actual expiration dates will be determined according to extensions received
based on the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (P.L. 98-417), commonly known as the Hatch-Waxman 
Act, which permits extensions of pharmaceutical patents to reflect regulatory delays encountered in obtaining FDA market approval. The
Hatch-Waxman Act is based on a U.S. federal law and therefore only relevant to U.S. patents. 

There is a risk that our patents
will be invalidated, and that our pending patent applications will not result in issued patents. We also cannot be certain that we will
not infringe on any patents that may be issued to others. See Risk Factors The patent approval process is complex, and
we cannot be sure that our pending patent applications or future patent applications will be approved 

Our Patent Portfolio 

Patent Name/ Int. App. No. 
 
 Pending 
 Jurisdictions 
 
 Granted 
 Jurisdictions 
 
 Expiry Date 
 
 METHODS FOR CELL EXPANSION AND USES OF CELLS AND CONDITIONED
 MEDIA PRODUCED THEREBY FOR THERAPY 
 PCT/IL2007/000380 

Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, Europe, Israel, India, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Russia,
 Singapore 
 
 March 23, 2027 
 
 ADHERENT CELLS FROM PLACENTA TISSUE AND USE THEREOF IN THERAPY 
 PCT/IL2008/001185 
 
 United States 
 
 Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, Israel, India, Japan, Mexico, Russia, United States,
 South Korea 
 
 September 2, 2028 
 
 METHODS OF TREATING INFLAMMATORY COLON DISEASES 
 PCT/IL2009/000527 

United States, Israel, Russia 
 
 May 26, 2029 
 
 METHODS OF SELECTION OF CELLS FOR TRANSPLANTATION 
 PCT/IL2009/000844 

Europe, Israel 
 
 September 1, 2029 
 
 ADHERENT CELLS FROM PLACENTA TISSUE AND USE THEREOF IN THERAPY 
 PCT/IL2009/000846 

Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, Israel, India, Mexico, Singapore, United States 
 
 September 1, 2029 
 
 ADHERENT CELLS FROM PLACENTA TISSUE AND USE THEREOF IN THERAPY 
 PCT/IL2009/000845 

United States, Europe, Israel 
 
 September 1, 2029 
 
 ADHERENT STROMAL CELLS DERIVED FROM PLANCENTAS OF MULTIPLE
 DONORS AND USES THEREOF 
 PCT/IB2011/001413 

Israel 
 
 Israel: April 21, 2031 
 
 ADHERENT CELLS FROM PLACENTA AND USE OF SAME IN DISEASE TREATMENT 
 PCT/IB2010/003219 
 
 United States, Israel 
 
 Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, Europe, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, United States 
 
 November 29, 2030 

7 

METHODS AND SYSTEMS FOR HARVESTING ADHERENT STROMAL CELLS 
 PCT/IB2012/000933 
 
 China, Israel 
 
 Australia, Canada, Europe, Israel, India, South Korea, Mexico, Singapore, United
 States 
 
 April 15, 2032 
 
 METHODS FOR TREATING RADIATION OR CHEMICAL INJURY 
 PCT/IB2012/000664 
 
 United States 
 
 Europe, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, South Korea, United States 
 
 March 22, 2032 
 
 SKELETAL MUSCLE REGENERATION USING MESENCHYMAL STEM CELLS 
 PCT/EP2011/058730 

United States, Europe, Israel 
 
 May 27, 2031 
 
 GENE AND PROTEIN EXPRESSION PROPERTIES OF ADHERENT STROMAL
 CELLS CULTURED IN 3D 
 PCT/IB2014/059114 

Israel, United States 
 
 February 20, 2034 
 
 METHODS FOR PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF PREECLAMPSIA 
 PCT/IB2013/058186 

China, Hong Kong, Europe, Israel, Japan, South Korea, United States 
 
 August 31, 2033 
 
 METHOD AND DEVICE FOR THAWING BIOLOGICAL MATERIAL 
 PCT/IB2013/059808 

Australia, China, Europe, Hong Kong, Israel, India, Japan, South Korea, Russia, Singapore, United
 States 
 
 October 31, 2033 
 
 SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR GROWING AND HARVESTING CELLS 
 PCT/IB2015/051559 

Israel, United States 
 
 March 3, 2035 
 
 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR TREATING AND PREVENTING MUSCLE
 WASTING DISORDERS 
 PCT/IB2015/059763 

Israel, United States 
 
 December 18, 2035 
 
 USE OF ADHERENT STROMAL CELLS FOR ENHANCING HEMATOPOIESIS IN
 A SUBJECT IN NEED THEREOF 
 PCT/IB2016/051585 
 
 Israel 

March 21, 2036 
 
 ALTERED ADHERENT STROMAL CELLS AND METHODS OF PRODUCING AND
 USING SAME 
 PCT/IB2016/053310 

Europe, United States, Israel 
 
 June 6, 2036 
 
 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR TREATING CANCERS AND NEOPLASMS 
 PCT/IB2017/050868 
 
 Canada 
 
 Europe, Japan, Israel 
 
 February 16, 2037 
 
 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR TREATING NEUROLOGICAL DISORDERS 
 PCT/IB2018/052806 
 
 Israel, United States 

April 23, 2038 

8 

METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR TUMOR ASSESSMENT 
 PCT/IB2018/050984 

Israel 
 
 February 18, 2038 
 
 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR TREATING ADDICTIONS 
 PCT/IB2018/055473 
 
 Israel, United States 

July 23, 2038 

METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR DETACHING ADHERENT CELLS 
 Germany 10 2018 115 360.0 
 
 Germany 

June 25-July 3, 2038 
 
 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR PRODUCING CANNABINOIDS 
 PCT/IL2020/050477 
 
 Canada, Europe, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, United States 

April 28, 2040 
 
 METHODS FOR EXPANDING ADHERENT STROMAL CELLS AND CELLS OBTAINED
 THEREBY 
 PCT/IB2019/052569 
 
 Israel, Singapore, United States 

March 28, 2039 
 
 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR TREATING SUBJECTS EXPOSED TO VESICANTS
 AND OTHER CHEMICAL AGENTS 
 PCT/IB2019/055074 
 
 Israel, United States 

June 18, 2039 
 
 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR FORMULATING AND DISPENSING PHARMACEUTICAL
 FORMULATIONS 
 PCT/IB2019/053115 
 
 United States 
 
 Israel 
 
 United States: April 16, 2039 
 Israel: April 26, 2038 
 
 THERAPEUTIC DOSAGE REGIMENS COMPRISING ADHERENT STROMAL CELLS 
 PCT/IB2019/054828 
 
 Israel, United States 

June 10, 2039 
 
 MODULAR BIOREACTOR 
 PCT/IB2019/058429 
 
 Europe, Israel, Hong Kong, South Korea, Singapore, United States 

October 3, 2039 
 
 THERAPEUTIC METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS 
 PCT/IB2019/059544 
 
 Israel, United States 

November 6, 2039 

9 

METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR TREATING VIRAL INFECTIONS AND
 SEQUELAE THEREOF 
 PCT/IL2021/050268 
 
 United States, Europe, 
 Israel, Mexico 
 
 Israel 
 
 First Israeli application: May 14, 2040 
 Other applications: March 11, 2041 
 
 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR AESTHETIC AND COSMETIC TREATMENT
 AND STIMULATING HAIR GROWTH 
 PCT/IL2020/050363 
 
 United States, Europe, 
 Canada, China, Israel, Australia 

March 26, 2040 
 
 METHODS FOR EXPANDING ADHERENT STROMAL CELLS AND CELLS OBTAINED
 THEREBY 
 IL277560 
 
 Israel 

September 23, 2040 
 
 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR 
 ENRICHMENT OF TARGET CELLS 
 PCT/IL2021/020514 
 
 United States, Israel 

May 05, 2041 
 
 PLACENTAL CELL TREATMENT FOR CRITICAL LIMB ISCHEMIA PATIENT
 SUBPOPULATIONS 
 PCT/IL2022/050937 
 
 Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT 

August 29, 2042 
 
 SYSTEM AND METHODS FOR IMMUNE CELLS EXPANSION AND ACTIVATION
 IN LARGE SCALE 
 PCT/IL2023/050529 
 
 PCT, United States 

May 23, 2043 

On January 8, 2022, we entered
into a definitive license agreement with Takeda Pharmaceuticals International AG, or Takeda, a company based in Switzerland, which operates
in the field of adipose-derived cells, pursuant to which we granted Takeda a global, non-exclusive license to use several of our patents
(EP2591789, EP3103463, and 3091071), limited to adipose fat cells only, in the field of therapeutics, in exchange for Takeda ceasing
its opposition with regards to said patents and paying us a lump sum of 200,000. The license covers methods for expanding adherent stromal
cells and specified second medical uses. 

On January 10, 2022, we entered
into a definitive license agreement with Novadip Biosciences, or Novadip, a company based in Belgium, which operates in the field of
adipose-derived stem cells for cell therapy and cell-free therapy in respect of medical or cosmetic conditions, under which we granted
Novadip a global, non-exclusive, royalty free license to use two of our patents (EP2591789, EP3103463), limited to non-placental cells
and cell-derived therapies, sub-licensable only to Novadip s customers. 

10 

In April 2016, the Subsidiary
entered into a licensing agreement with TES Holdings Co., Ltd., a venture company derived from the University of Tokyo, to obtain a key
patent in Japan to cover the treatment of ischemic diseases with placental cell therapy. This license is subject to future single low-digit
royalties from sales of our product for treatment in the field of ischemic diseases in Japan, until expiry of the patent in 2023. This
license is in addition to the grant of 13 patents to us by the Japanese Patent Office, which address 3D methods for expanding placental
and adipose cells, and specified cell therapies produced from placental tissue using these methods and bedside thawing devices. The patent
in Japan expired in March 2023; and therefore, the licensing agreement expired. 

Research and Development 

Foundational Research 

Our initial technology, the
PluriX Bioreactor system, was invented at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology s Rappaport Faculty of Medicine,
in collaboration with researchers from the Weizmann Institute of Science. This technology was acquired by us and has been further significantly
developed by our research and development teams over the ensuing years. 

Ongoing Collaborations 

EIB Agreement 

In
April 2020, we and our subsidiaries, Pluri Biotech Ltd. and Pluristem GmbH, executed a finance agreement executed with the EIB, or the
EIB Finance Agreement, for non dilutive funding of up to 50 million in the aggregate, payable in three tranches. The proceeds
from the EIB Finance Agreement were intended to support our research and development in the EU to further advance our regenerative cell
therapy platform, and to bring the products in our pipeline to market. The term of the project was three years commencing on January 1,
2020. 

During June 2021, we received
the first tranche in the amount of 20 million pursuant to the EIB Finance Agreement. The amount received is due to be repaid on
June 1, 2026, and bears annual interest of 4 to be paid together with the principal of the loan. As of June 30, 2023, the interest accrued
was in the amount of 1,665,000. In addition to the interest payable, the EIB is also entitled to royalty payments, pro-rated to
the amount disbursed from the EIB loan, on our consolidated revenues beginning in the fiscal year 2024 up to and including its fiscal
year 2030, in an amount equal to up to 2.3 of our consolidated revenues below 350 million, 1.2 of our consolidated revenues between
 350 million and 500 million and 0.2 of our consolidated revenues exceeding 500 million. As the project term ended on December 31,
2022, we do not expect to receive additional funds pursuant to the EIB Finance Agreement. The EIB Finance Agreement contains certain
limitations that we must adhere to such as the use of proceeds received from the EIB, the disposal of assets, substantive changes in
the nature of our business, our potential execution of mergers and acquisitions, changes in our holding structure, distributions of future
potential dividends and our engaging with other banks and financing entities for other loans. 

Charit Agreement 

In July 2007, we entered
into a five-year collaborative research agreement with the Berlin-Brandenburg Center for Regenerative Therapies at Charit 
University Medicine Berlin, or Charit , which was extended from time to time through June 2027. We and Charit are collaborating
on a variety of indications utilizing PLX cells. According to the agreement, we will be the exclusive owner of the technology and any
products produced as a result of the collaboration. Charit will receive between 1 to 2 royalties from net sales of new developments
that have been achieved during the joint development. 

U.S. Department of Defense 

In August 2017, we announced
that a pilot study of our PLX-R18 cell therapy was initiated by the DoD. The study examined the effectiveness of PLX-R18 as a treatment
for ARS prior to, and within the first 24 hours of exposure to radiation. In July 2019, we presented positive results from a series of
studies of our PLX-R18 cell therapy product conducted by the DoD. 

11 

NIAID Agreement 

On July 11, 2023 we signed
a three year 4.2 million contract with the NIAID, which is part of the NIH. Pluri will collaborate with the U.S. DoD s AFRRI and
USUHS to further advance the development of its PLX-R18 cell therapy as a potential novel treatment for H-ARS. H-ARS is a deadly disease
that can result from nuclear disasters and radiation exposure. The period of performance of this contract will be from July 1, 2023 through
June 30, 2024, which may be extended for additional two years period. 

If at any time during performance
of this contract, the contracting officer determines, in consultation with the Office of Laboratory Animal Welfare (OLAW), NIH, that we
are not in compliance with any of the requirements and standards stated in the agreement, the contracting officer may immediately suspend,
in whole or in part, work and further payments under this contract until we correct the noncompliance. If we fail to complete corrective
action within the period of time designated in the contracting officer s written notice of suspension, the contracting officer may, in
consultation with OLAW, NIH, terminate this contract in whole or in part. 

Fukushima Medical University 

We signed a memorandum of
understanding for a collaboration with Fukushima Medical University, Fukushima Global Medical Science Center, or Fukushima. The purpose
of the collaboration is to develop our PLX-R18 cells for the treatment of ARS, and for morbidities following radiotherapy in cancer patients.
The collaboration will proceed alongside research supported by the NIH, which is studying PLX-R18 as a potential treatment for the hematologic
component of ARS. The MOU for a collaboration with Fukushima will be renewed automatically on a yearly basis. Each party is entitled
to terminate the agreement for convenience upon providing the other party 30 days prior notice. 

CHA Agreement 

On June 26, 2013, we entered
into an exclusive out-licensing and commercialization agreement, or the CHA Agreement, with CHA Biotech for conducting clinical studies
and commercialization of our PLX-PAD product candidate in South Korea in connection with two indications: the treatment of CLI and IC.
We will continue to retain rights to our proprietary manufacturing technology and cell-related intellectual property. 

The first clinical study
that was performed as part of the CHA Agreement was a Phase II study in IC. Upon the first regulatory approval for a PLX product in South
Korea, if granted, for the specified indications, we and CHA will establish an equally owned joint venture with the purpose of commercializing
PLX cell products in South Korea. Additionally, we will be able to use the data generated by CHA to pursue the development of PLX product
candidates outside of South Korea. 

The term of the CHA Agreement
extends from June 24, 2013 until the later of the expiration, lapse, cancellation, abandonment or invalidation of the last valid patent
claim covering the development of the product indications. The CHA Agreement contains customary termination provisions, including in
the event that the parties do not reach an agreement upon a development plan for conducting the clinical studies. 

Upon termination of the CHA
Agreement, the license granted thereunder will terminate, and all rights included therein will revert to us, whereupon we will be free
to enter into agreements with any other third parties for the granting of a license in or outside South Korea or to deal in any other
manner with such rights as it shall see fit in our sole discretion. 

12 

Horizon 2020 

The Phase III study of PLX-PAD
in CLI was conducted as a collaborative project carried out by an international consortium led by the Berlin-Brandenburg Center for Regenerative
Therapies, together with the Company and with the participation of additional third parties. 

Our Phase III study of PLX-PAD
cell therapy in the treatment of muscle recovery following surgery for hip fracture is a collaborative project carried out by an international
consortium led by Charit , together with us and with the participation of additional third parties. 

In October 2017, we entered
into a collaborative project, the nTRACK, carried out by an international consortium led by Leitat Technological Center. The aim of this
project is to examine gold nano particles labeling of stem cells to enable assessment of cells in vivo persistence and distribution
in correlation to biological efficacy. Under the project, PLX cells, labeled and non-labeled will be characterized and examined in animal
models for muscle injury. 

All of our collaborative projects
under the Horizon 2020 program ended as of June 30, 2023. 

Horizon Europe - PROTO 

On September 6, 2022, we
announced that a 7.5 million non-dilutive grant from the European Union, or EU s, Horizon program has been awarded to PROTO
(Advanced PeRsOnalized Therapies for Osteoarthritis), an international collaboration led by Charit Berlin Institute of Health
Center for Regenerative Therapies. The goal of the PROTO project is to utilize our PLX-PAD cells in a Phase I/IIA study for the treatment
of mild to moderate knee osteoarthritis. Final approval of the grant is subject to completion of the consortium and Horizon Europe grant
agreements, or Horizon Europe. The funds from the grant are expected to be allocated between us and other members of the consortium in
accordance with budget and work packages which will be determined by the consortium. 

The Phase I/IIa study will
be carried out by Charit . We, together with an international consortium under the leadership of Professor Tobias Winkler, Principal
Investigator, at the Berlin Institute of Health Center of Regenerative Therapies, Julius Wolff Institute and Center for Musculoskeletal
Surgery will be carrying out the study. 

Indiana University 

In April 2018, NIAID awarded
a 2.5 million grant to Indiana University to conduct, together with us, studies of our PLX-R18 cell therapy in the treatment of ARS.
The goal of this project is to extend the PLX-R18 ARS studies to include examination of survival in pediatric and geriatric populations
as well as the ability of PLX-R18 to alleviate delayed effects of radiation in survivors. The grant period ended during fiscal year 2023. 

Chart Industries 

In November 2018, we entered
into a license agreement with a subsidiary of Chart Industries, Inc., or Chart, regarding our thawing device for cell-based therapies.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Chart obtained the exclusive rights to manufacture and market the thawing device in all territories
worldwide, excluding Greater China, and we are to receive royalties from sales of the product and supply of an agreed upon number of thawing
devices. Royalties shall commence on the date of Chart s first commercial sale of the thawing device. As of the date of this annual
report, we have not received any royalties from Chart that relate to the sale of the thawing device. 

13 

CRISPR-IL 

In June 2020, we announced
that we were selected as a member of the CRISPR-IL consortium, a group funded by the IIA. CRISPR-IL brings together the leading experts
in life science and computer science from academia, medicine, and industry, to develop Artificial Intelligence, or AI, based on end-to-end
genome-editing solutions. These next-generation, multi-species genome editing products for human, plant, and animal DNA, have applications
in the pharma, agriculture, and aquaculture industries. CRISPR-IL is funded by the IIA with a total budget of approximately 10,000,000
of which, an amount of approximately 480,000 was a direct grant allocated to us, for an initial period of 18 months, with a potential
for extension of an additional 18 months, or the Second Period, with additional budget from the IIA. 

In October 2021, we received
approval for an additional grant of approximately 583,000 from the IIA pursuant to the CRISPR-IL consortium program, for an additional
period of eighteen months. 

The CRISPR-IL consortium
program which ended on June 30, 2023 does not require us to pay royalties to the IIA. 

United Arab Emirates-based Abu Dhabi Stem Cells
Center 

In August 2020, we signed
a non-binding MOU with the United Arab Emirates-based Abu Dhabi Stem Cells Center, a specialist healthcare center focused on cell therapy
and regenerative medicine. The aim of the collaboration is to capitalize on each party s respective areas of expertise in cell
therapies. The parties have agreed to exchange research results, share samples, join usage of equipment and testing, and other essential
activities related to advancing the treatment and research of cell therapies for a broad range of medical conditions. 

In-House Clinical Manufacturing 

We have the in-house capability
to perform clinical cell manufacturing. Our state-of-the-art Good GMP grade manufacturing facility in Haifa has been in use since February
2013 for the main purpose of clinical grade, large-scale manufacturing. The facility s new automated manufacturing process and
products were approved for production of PLX-PAD for clinical use by the FDA, EMA, MFDS, PMDA and the MOH. Our second product, PLX-R18,
was cleared by the FDA and the MOH for clinical use. Furthermore, the site was inspected and approved by a European Union qualified person
(European accreditation body), approving that the site and production processes meet the current GMP for the purpose of manufacturing
clinical grade products. 

The site was also inspected
and approved by the MOH and we received a cGMP Certification and manufacturer-importer authorization. 

We obtain the human placentas
used for our research and manufacturing activities from various hospitals in Israel after receiving a written informed consent by the
mother and pathogen clearance. Any medical waste related to the use of placentas is treated in compliance with local environmental laws
and standards. 

We have developed a serum-free
formulation to support the manufacturing of our cell therapy products. This serum-free formulation was developed using our deep understanding
in cell therapy industrial scale production standards, and the quality methods designed to support implementation in Phase III development
and marketing. Achieving this significant technological challenge is expected to provide us with large-scale, highly consistent production
capacity with operational independency from third party suppliers for standard serum, an expensive and quantity limited product. PLX-R18
is the first product candidate manufactured using the serum-free media. 

14 

Government Regulation Pharma 

The development, manufacturing,
and future marketing of our cell therapy product candidates are subject to the laws and regulations of governmental authorities in the
United States, Europe and Israel, as well as other countries in which our products may be marketed in the future like Japan, and South
Korea. In addition, the manufacturing conditions are specifically inspected by the MOH. 

In the U.S. and European
Union, the FDA and the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, respectively, must approve products prior to marketing. Furthermore, various
governmental statutes and regulations also govern or influence testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage and record keeping related
to such products and their marketing. Governments in other countries may have similar requirements for testing and marketing. 

The process of obtaining
these approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time,
resources and money. There can be no assurance that our product candidates will ultimately receive marketing approval, or, if approved,
will be reimbursed by public and private health insurance. 

There are several stages every drug undergoes
during its development process. Among these are: 

Performance of nonclinical laboratory and animal studies
 to assess a drug s biological activity and to identify potential safety concerns, and to characterize and document the product s
 chemistry, manufacturing controls, formulation, and stability. In accordance with regulatory requirements, nonclinical safety and
 toxicity studies are conducted under Good Laboratory Practice, requirements to ensure their quality and reliability; 

The manufacture of the product according to cGMP regulations and standards; 

Conducting adequate and well-controlled human clinical
 studies in compliance with Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, to establish the safety and efficacy of the product for its intended indication;
 and 

Potential post-marketing clinical testing and surveillance
 of the product after marketing approval, which can result in additional conditions on the approvals or suspension of clinical use. 

Approval of a drug for clinical
studies in humans and approval of marketing are sovereign decisions of states, made by national, or, in case of the European Union, international
regulatory competent authorities. 

15 

The Regulatory Process in the United States 

In the United States, our
product candidates are subject to regulation as a biological product under the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act. The FDA, regulating the approval of clinical studies and marketing applications in the United States, generally requires
the following steps prior to approving a new biological product for use either for clinical studies or for commercial sale: 

Submission of an IND Application, which must become effective
 before clinical testing in humans can begin; 

Obtaining approval of Institutional Review Boards, or IRBs,
 of research institutions or other clinical sites to introduce the drug candidate into humans in clinical studies; 

FDA may grant approval for EAP prior to the completion
 of clinical studies, in order to allow access for the investigational drug, for patients that are excluded from the study; 

FDA may grant priority review status to expedite the
 BLA review process. Obtaining a Fast Track designation allows access for the request of priority review; 

Submission of a BLA for marketing authorization of the
 product, which must include adequate results of pre-clinical testing and clinical studies; 

Submission of BLA with a proof of efficacy that is based
 only on animal studies is feasible in instances where human efficacy studies cannot be conducted because the conduct of such studies
 would not be ethical or feasible (such as H-ARS). In these cases, approval can be based on well controlled animal studies conducted
 under the FDA Animal Rule; 

FDA review of the BLA in order to determine, among other
 things, whether the product is safe and effective for its intended uses; and 

FDA inspection and approval of the product manufacturing
 facility at which the product will be manufactured. 

The Regulatory Process in Europe 

In the European Union, our
investigational cellular products are regulated under the Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products regulation, a regulation specific to cell
and tissue products. Additionally, as of January 31, 2022, the Clinical Trials Regulation harmonizes the submission, assessment and supervision
processes of clinical trials in the European Union. This European Union regulation requires: 

Filing a Central Clinical Trial Application utilizing the
 Clinical Trials Information System, and obtaining an assessment and approval; 

Obtaining approval of local and central ethics committees
 as required to test the investigational product into humans in clinical studies; 

Conducting adequate and well-controlled clinical studies
 to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for its intended use; and 

Since our investigational cellular products are regulated
 under the Advanced Therapy Medicinal Product regulation, the application for marketing authorization to the EMA is mandatory within
 the 28 member states of the European Union. The EMA is expected to review and approve the MAA. 

In May 2015, we were selected
by the EMA for development of PLX-PAD cells via the EMA Adaptive Pathways Project. 

16 

Government Regulations - Food Tech 

Regulators around the world
are in the process of developing a regulatory approval process for cultivated meat. Although some companies have recently brought their
cultivated meat products to market in the United States, cultivated meat is not yet generally commercially available, but technologies
like the one being developed by Ever After Foods are anticipated to facilitate the imminent scaling up of cultivated meat production.
In general, cultivated meat production is subject to extensive regulatory laws and regulations in the United States and in other jurisdictions
such as Canada, Japan, the European Union and the United Kingdom. The FDA and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, or USDA, will be issuing
additional guidance and regulations applicable to cultivated meat. Additional details are being developed at the FDA and the USDA, pursuant
to a Memorandum of Understanding, or MOU, published by the FDA and USDA on March 7, 2019 entitled the Formal Agreement to Regulate
Cell-Cultured Food Products from Cell Lines of Livestock and Poultry. 

Under the MOU, which is expected
to affect Ever After Food s future customers producing cultivated meat, the two agencies will operate under a joint regulatory framework
wherein the FDA will oversee cell collection, cell banks and cell growth and differentiation. A transition from FDA to USDA oversight
will then occur during the cell harvest stage, at which point the USDA will oversee the production and labeling of cultivated meat. The
USDA will be advancing new labeling requirements. To the best of our knowledge, the regulatory approval details under development, including
the draft guidance on FDA premarket oversight, might apply to our business directly, but they are instructive as to the regulatory requirements
that our cultivated meat production customers are expected to face and their expectations of us, in the form of customer assurances, regarding
our products. 

In the United States, companies
manufacturing cultivated meat products are subject to regulation by various government agencies, including the FDA, USDA, and the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission, or FTC. Equivalent foreign regulatory authorities include the Canadian Food Inspection Agency, the Japanese
Food Safety Commission, the European Food Safety Authority and authorities of the EU member states, the State Food and Drug Administration
of China and the SFA. These agencies, among other things, prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for food quality and
safety, and regulate various food technologies, including alternative meat product composition, ingredients, manufacturing, labeling and
other marketing and advertising to consumers. 

We expect that federal, state and foreign regulators
will have the authority to inspect our customers facilities to evaluate compliance with applicable food safety requirements. Federal,
state and foreign regulatory authorities also require that certain nutrition and product information appear on the product labels of
our customers food products and, more generally, that such labels, marketing and advertising be truthful, non-misleading and not
deceptive to consumers. 

As the cell-based agriculture
industry is still developing, and its regulatory framework is emerging and evolving, legislation and regulation may evolve to raise barriers
to our go-to-market strategies. 

In addition to federal regulatory
requirements in the United States, certain states impose their own manufacturing and labeling requirements. For example, states typically
require facility registration with the relevant state food safety agency, and those facilities are subject to state inspections as well
as federal inspections. Further, states can impose state-specific labeling requirements. In the United States, the USDA will be developing
new labeling requirements for foods under its jurisdiction produced through cell culture technology as noted in an Advance Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking, or ANPR, published in September 2021. 

We are subject to labor and employment laws,
laws governing advertising, privacy laws, safety regulations and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that regulate
retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental
protection and worker health and safety matters. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with
applicable laws. 

17 

Clinical Studies 

Typically, in the United
States, as well as in the European Union, clinical development involves a series of clinical studies from early, small scale, Phase 1
studies to late-stage large, Phase 3 studies, although the phases may overlap. Phase I, clinical studies are conducted in a small
number of healthy volunteers, or patients with the disease or condition. These studies are designed to provide information about product
safety and dosage by gathering information on the drug interaction with the human body, its side effects as well as early preliminary
information on effectiveness. 

Phase II clinical studies
are conducted in a homogenous group of patients afflicted with the specific target disease, to explore preliminary efficacy, optimal
dosages and confirm the safety profile. In some cases, an initial study is conducted in patients to assess both preliminary efficacy
and preliminary safety and patterns of drug metabolism and distribution, in which case it is referred to as a Phase I/II study.
Phase III clinical studies, sometimes known as pivotal studies, are generally large-scale, multi-center, controlled studies conducted
with a heterogeneous group of patients afflicted with the target disease, aiming to provide statistically significant support of efficacy,
as well as safety and potency. The Phase III studies are considered confirmatory for establishing the efficacy and safety profile of
the drug and are critical for approval. In some circumstances, a regulatory agency may require Phase IV, or post-marketing studies
in case additional information needs to be collected after the drug is on the market. 

During all phases of clinical
development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data and clinical study
sites investigators to minimize risks and ensure high quality and integrity of the collected data. The sponsor of a clinical study is
required to submit an annual safety report to the relevant regulatory agencies, in which serious adverse events are reported, and also
to submit in an expedited manner any individual serious adverse events that are suspected to be related to the tested drug and are unexpected
with its use. An agency may, at its discretion, re-evaluate, alter, suspend, or terminate the clinical study based upon the data that
have been accumulated to that point and its assessment of the risk/benefit ratio to the patient. 

Employees 

As of June 30, 2023, we employed
a total of 123 full-time employees and 11 part-time employees, of whom, 97 full-time employees and 9 part-time employees are engaged in
cell research, development, and manufacturing including clinical and regulation affairs, excluding Ever After Foods. 

Competition 

Regenerative medicine: 

The regenerative medicine
field is characterized by intense competition, as global and local pharma players are becoming more engaged in the cell therapy field
based on the advancements made in clinical studies and due to the favorable regenerative medicine legislation in certain regions. We
face competition from both allogeneic and autologous cell therapy companies, academic, commercial and research institutions, pharmaceutical
companies, biopharmaceutical companies, and governmental agencies. Some of the clinical indications we currently have under development
are also being investigated in preclinical and clinical programs by others. 

While there are hundreds
of companies in the regenerative medicine space globally, there are multiple participants in the cell therapy field based in the United
States, Europe, Japan, Korea, and Australia such as Athersys Inc., Celularity Inc., Tigenix NV (acquired by Takeda), SanBio Inc. and
Mesoblast Ltd. Among other things, we expect to compete based upon our intellectual property portfolio, our in-house manufacturing efficiencies
and capabilities, and the potential efficacy of our products. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our continued ability
to attract and retain experienced and skilled executives, scientific and clinical development personnel, to identify and develop viable
cellular therapeutic candidates and exploit these products commercially, and keep expanding and improving our unique technological capabilities.
Given the magnitude of the potential opportunity for cell therapy, we expect competition in this area to intensify. 

18 

Food Tech: 

Competitors in the cultivated
meat domain include both producers of consumer-end-products, as well as those developing inputs for the production process. Ever After
Foods competes with companies that include Upside Foods, Believer Meats, GOOD Meat, Mosa Meat, Aleph Farms, Stakeholder 3D and Gourmey. 

We believe that our ability
to compete in the cultivated food field will derive from our experienced team, our unique 3D technology platform, and our industrial
scale in-house GMP, cell manufacturing facility, together with our partner, Tnuva, which has vast experience in the food industry. 

Available Information 

Additional information about
us is contained on our Internet website at www.pluri-biotech.com. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this
Annual Report. Under the Investors ESG , under the Investors and Media sections of our
website, we make available free of charge our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K,
and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our reports
filed with the SEC are also made available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. The following Corporate Governance documents are
also posted on our website: Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Anti Bribery and Corruption and Anti Money Laundering and Terrorist
Financing Compliance Policy, Trading Policy and the Charters for each of the Committees of our Board of Directors, or the Board. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following information about these risks, together with the other information
contained in this Annual Report before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected as a result of any of the following risks. The value of our securities could decline as a result
of any of these risks. You could lose all or part of your investment in our securities. Some of the statements in Item 1A. Risk
Factors are forward-looking statements. The following risk factors are not the only risk factors facing our Company. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Our business is subject to
a number of risks, including risks that may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks
are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 

we have a history of losses and have not generated significant
 revenues to date. We expect to experience future losses and do not foresee generating significant or steady revenues in the immediate
 future; 

we may need to raise additional capital to meet our business
 requirements in the future, and such capital raising may be costly or difficult to obtain and could dilute our shareholders 
 ownership interests, and such offers or availability for sale of a substantial number of our common shares may cause the price of
 our publicly traded shares to decline; 

we may become subject to claims by much larger and better
 funded competitors enforcing their intellectual property rights against us or seeking to invalidate our intellectual property or
 our rights thereto; 

there are inherent risks in the manufacturing of our product
 candidates, including meeting relevant high regulatory standards, the failure of which could materially and adversely affect our
 results of operations and the value of our business; 

if we are unable to obtain and maintain intellectual property
 protection covering our products and technology, others may be able to utilize our intellectual property, which would adversely affect
 our business; 

19 

we are an international business, and we are exposed to
 various global and local risks that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations; 

the market prices of our common shares are subject to fluctuation
 and have been and may continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors; 

we anticipate being subject to fluctuations in currency
 exchange rates because a significant portion of our business is conducted outside the United States and we are exposed to currency
 exchange fluctuations in other currencies such as the New Israeli Shekel, or NIS, and the Euro; 

restrictions and covenants contained in the EIB Finance Agreement may restrict our ability to conduct certain strategic initiatives; 

limitations we may face relating to the grants we have
 received from the IIA may impact our plans and future decisions; 

if there are significant shifts in the political, economic and military conditions in Israel and its neighboring countries, it could have a material adverse effect on our business relationships and profitability; 

it may be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce any judgments obtained against us or some of our directors or officers; 

cybersecurity incidents may have an adverse impact on our business and operations; 

recent increasing global inflation could affect our ability to purchase materials needed for manufacturing and could increase the costs of our future product; 

we have a limited operating history in the field of food tech to date and our prospects will be dependent on our ability to meet a number of challenges; 

there are risks relating to our food-tech endeavors, including changes in consumer preferences and governmental regulations relating to cultivated meat; 

our business and market potential in the field of cultivated food are unproven, and we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business; 

the research and development associated with technologies for cultivated meat manufacturing is a lengthy and complex process; and 

we could fail to maintain the listing of our common shares on Nasdaq, which could harm the liquidity of our shares and our ability to raise capital or complete a strategic transaction. 

20 

Risk Related to Our Business 

We may need to raise additional financing
to support the research, development and manufacturing of our cell based products in the future, but we cannot be sure we will be able
to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us when needed. If we are unable to obtain additional financing to meet our needs,
our operations may be adversely affected or terminated. 

It is highly likely that
we will need to raise significant additional capital in the future. Although we were successful in raising capital in the past, our current
financial resources are limited, and may not be sufficient to finance our operations until we become profitable, if that ever happens. 

It is likely that we will
need to raise additional funds in the future in order to satisfy our working capital and capital expenditure requirements. Therefore,
we are dependent on our ability to sell our common shares for funds, receive grants, enter into collaborations and licensing deals or
to otherwise raise capital. Any sale of our common shares in the future could result in dilution to existing shareholders and could adversely
affect the market price of our common shares. 

Also, we may not be able
to raise additional capital in the future to support the development and commercialization of our products, which could result in the
loss of some or all of one s investment in our common shares. 

Our likelihood of profitability depends
on our ability to license and/or develop and commercialize our products based on our technology, which is currently in the development
stage. If we are unable to complete the development and commercialization of our cell-based products successfully, or are unable to obtain
the necessary regulatory approvals, our likelihood of profitability will be limited severely . 

We are engaged in the business
of developing cell-based products. We have not realized a profit from our operations to date and there is little likelihood that we will
realize any profits in the short or medium term. Any profitability in the future from our business will be dependent upon successful
commercialization of our cell-based products and/or licensing of our products, which will require additional research and development. 

If our cell therapy product
candidates do not prove to be safe and effective in clinical trials, we will not obtain the required regulatory approvals. If we fail
to obtain such approvals, we may not generate sufficient revenues to continue our business operations. 

Even after granting regulatory
approval, the FDA, the EMA, and regulatory agencies in other countries continue to regulate marketed products, manufacturers and manufacturing
facilities, which may create additional regulatory barriers and burdens. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product,
manufacturer or facility, may result in restrictions on the product or manufacturer, including a withdrawal of the product from the market. 

We have not generated significant or consistent
revenues to date, which raises doubts with respect to our ability to generate revenues in the future. 

We have a limited operating
history in our business of commercializing cell-based products and cell technology and we have not generated material revenues to date.
It is not clear when we will generate material revenues or whether we will generate material revenues in the future. We cannot give assurances
that we will be able to generate any significant revenues or income in the future. There is no assurance that we will ever be profitable. 

Because most of our officers and directors
are located in non-U.S. jurisdictions, you may have no effective recourse against the management for misconduct and may not be able to
enforce judgment and civil liabilities against our officers, directors, experts and agents. 

Most of our directors and
officers are nationals and/or residents of countries other than the United States, and all or a substantial portion of their assets are
located outside the United States. 

As a result, it may be difficult
to enforce within the United States any judgments obtained against our officers or directors, including judgments predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any U.S. state. 

While we may seek
partners for licensing deals, joint ventures, partnerships, and direct sale of our products in various industries, there is no guarantee
we will be successful in doing so. 

To
date, we have focused our efforts primarily in the regenerative medicine field and in the Food Tech field, but we may seek partners for
licensing deals, joint ventures, partnerships, and direct sale of our products or use of our technology in various industries. Licensing
deals, joint ventures and partnerships in new fields involve numerous risks, including the potential integration of our technology and
products in various new ways, which may or may not be successful. Such projects may require significant funds, time and attention of management
and other key personnel. In addition, as we do not have experience in areas outside of the regenerative medicine field and limited experience
in Food Tech field, we may lack the personnel to properly lead such initiatives. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in finding the relevant partners to fund and market our cell-based products. 

21 

Risks Related to Development, Clinical studies,
and Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates 

If we are not able to conduct our clinical
trials properly and on schedule, marketing approval by FDA, EMA, MOH and other regulatory authorities may be delayed or denied. 

The completion of our future
clinical trials may be delayed or terminated for many reasons, such as: 

The FDA, the EMA or the MOH does not grant permission to
 proceed or places trials on clinical hold; 

Subjects do not enroll in our trials at the rate we expect; 

Government actions, such as those enacted during the ongoing
 COVID-19 pandemic, which limit the general populations movement; 

The regulators may ask to increase subject s population
 in the clinical trials; 

Subjects experience an unacceptable rate or severity of
 adverse side effects; 

Third party clinical investigators and other related vendors
 may not perform the clinical trials under the anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol, GCP and regulatory
 requirements; 

Third party clinical investigators and other related vendors
 may declare bankruptcy or terminate their business unexpectedly, which most likely will result in further delays in our clinical
 trials anticipated schedule and cause additional expenditures; 

Inspections of clinical trial sites by the FDA, EMA, MOH
 and other regulatory authorities find regulatory violations that require us to undertake corrective action, suspend or terminate
 one or more sites, or prohibit us from using some or all of the data in support of our marketing applications; or 

One or more IRBs suspends or terminates the trial at an
 investigational site, precludes enrollment of additional subjects, or withdraws its approval of the trial. 

If we will be unable to conduct
clinical trials properly and on schedule, marketing approval may be delayed or denied by the FDA, EMA, MOH and other regulatory authorities. 

The results of our clinical trials may
not support our product candidates claims or any additional claims we may seek for our product candidates and our clinical trials
may result in the discovery of adverse side effects. 

Even if any clinical trial
that we need to undertake is completed as planned, or if interim results from existing clinical trials are released, we cannot be certain
that such results will support our product candidates claims or any new indications that we may seek for our products or that the FDA
or foreign authorities will agree with our conclusions regarding the results of those trials. The clinical trial process may fail to
demonstrate that our products or a product candidate is safe and effective for the proposed indicated use, which could cause us to stop
seeking additional clearances or approvals for our product candidates. Any delay or termination of our clinical trials will delay the
filing of our regulatory submissions and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize a product candidate. It is also possible that patients
enrolled in clinical trials will experience adverse side effects that are not currently part of the product candidate s profile. 

22 

Favorable results from compassionate use
treatment or initial interim results from a clinical trial do not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful and success in
early-stage clinical trials does not ensure success in later-stage clinical trials. 

PLX cells have been administered
as part of compassionate use treatments, which permit the administration of the PLX cells outside of clinical trials. No assurance can
be given that any positive results are attributable to the PLX cells, or that administration of PLX cells to other patients will have
positive results. Compassionate use is a term that is used to refer to the use of an investigational drug outside of a clinical trial
to treat a patient with a serious or immediately life-threatening disease or condition who has no comparable or satisfactory alternative
treatment options. Regulators often allow compassionate use on a case-by-case basis for an individual patient or for defined groups of
patients with similar treatment needs. 

Success in early clinical
trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and initial results from a clinical trial do not necessarily predict
final results. While results from treating patients through compassionate use have in certain cases been successful, we cannot be assured
that further trials will ultimately be successful. Results of further clinical trials may be disappointing. 

Even if early-stage clinical
trials are successful, we may need to conduct additional clinical trials for product candidates with patients receiving the drug for
longer periods before we are able to seek approvals to market and sell these product candidates from the FDA and regulatory authorities
outside the United States. Even if we are able to obtain approval for our product candidates through an accelerated approval review program,
we may still be required to conduct clinical trials after such an approval. If we are not successful in commercializing any of our lead
product candidates, or are significantly delayed in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

Our product development programs are based on novel technologies
and are inherently risky. 

We are subject to the risks
of failure inherent in the development of products based on new technologies. The novel nature of our therapeutics creates significant
challenges in regard to product development and optimization, manufacturing, government regulation, third party reimbursement and market
acceptance. For example, the FDA, the EMA and other countries regulatory authorities have relatively limited experience with cell
therapies. Very few cell therapy products have been approved by regulatory authorities to date for commercial sale, and the pathway to
regulatory approval for our cell therapy product candidates may accordingly be more complex and lengthier. As a result, the development
and commercialization pathway for our therapies may be subject to increased uncertainty, as compared to the pathway for new conventional
drugs. 

Our cell therapy drug candidates represent
new classes of therapy that the marketplace may not understand or accept. 

Even if we successfully develop
and obtain regulatory approval for our cell therapy candidates, the market may not understand or accept them. We are developing cell
therapy product candidates that represent novel treatments and will compete with a number of more conventional products and therapies
manufactured and marketed by others, including major pharmaceutical companies. The degree of market acceptance of any of our developed
and potential products will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the clinical safety and effectiveness of our cell therapy
 drug candidates and their perceived advantage over alternative treatment methods, if any; 

adverse events involving our cell therapy product candidates
 or the products or product candidates of others that are cell-based; and 

the cost of our products and the reimbursement policies
 of government and private third-party payers. 

If the health care community
does not accept our potential products for any of the foregoing reasons, or for any other reason, it could affect our sales, having a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Interim, top-line, and
preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available
or as additional analyses are conducted, and as the data are subject to audit and verification procedures, which could result in material
changes in the final data. 

From time to time, we may
publish interim, top-line, or preliminary data from our clinical studies. Interim data from clinical trials that
we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues
and more patient data become available. Preliminary or top-line data also remain subject to audit and verification
procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result,
interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Material adverse changes between preliminary, top-line, or
interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. 

23 

Risks Related to Our Cultivated Food Business

Ever After Foods
has a limited operating history in the field of cultivated meat to date and its prospects will be dependent on its ability to meet a
number of challenges. 

Ever
After Foods business prospects are difficult to predict due to its lack of operational history in the new and emerging food tech
field, and its success will be dependent on its ability to meet a number of challenges. Because it has a limited operating history in
the field of cultivated meat and it is in the early stages of development, Ever After Foods may not be able to evaluate its future prospects
accurately. Ever After Foods prospects will be primarily dependent on its ability to successfully develop industrial scale cultivated
meat technologies and processes, and market these to its potential customers. If Ever After Foods is not able to successfully meet these
challenges, its prospects, business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

In
addition, Ever After Foods will be subject to changing laws, rules and regulations in the United States, Israeli, Asia Pacific, the European
Union and other jurisdictions relating to the food tech industry. Such laws and regulations may negatively impact its ability to expand
its business and pursue business opportunities. Ever After Foods may also incur significant expenses to comply with the laws, regulations
and other obligations that will apply to it. 

Ever After Foods
is primarily focused on utilizing its technology for the development of cultivated meat, and it has limited data on the performance of
our and its technologies in the field of cultivated meat to date. 

Ever
After Foods does not currently have any products or technologies approved for sale and it is still in the early stages of development.
To date, Ever After Foods has limited data on the ability of our and its technologies to successfully manufacture cultivated meat, towards
which they have devoted substantial resources to date. Ever After Foods current technologies are, in large part, based on our technologies
and intellectual property. It may not be successful in developing its technologies in a manner sufficient to support its expected scale-ups
and future growth, or at all. Ever After Foods expects that a substantial portion of its efforts and expenditures over the next
few years will be devoted to the development of technologies designed to enable Ever After Foods to market industrial scale cultivated
meat manufacturing processes. Ever After Foods cannot guarantee that it will be successful in developing these technologies, based
on its current roadmap, or at all. If Ever After Foods is able to successfully develop its cultivated meat technologies, it cannot ensure
that it will obtain regulatory approval or that, following approval, upon commercialization its technologies will achieve market acceptance. 
Any such delay or failure could materially and adversely affect Ever After Foods financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Consumer preferences
for alternative proteins in general, and more specifically cultured meats, are difficult to predict and may change, and, if we are unable
to respond quickly to new trends, Ever After Food s business may be adversely affected. 

Ever
After Food s business is focused on the development and marketing of licensable cultured meat manufacturing technologies. Consumer
demand for the cultured meats manufactured using these technologies could change based on a number of possible factors, including dietary
habits and nutritional values, concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients and shifts in preference for various product attributes.
If consumer demand for such products decreases, Ever After Food s business and financial condition would suffer. Consumer trends
that we believe favor sales of products manufactured using our licensed technologies could change based on a number of possible factors,
including a shift in preference from animal-based protein products, economic factors and social trends. A significant shift in consumer
demand away from products manufactured using our technologies could reduce our sales or our market share and the prestige of our brand,
which would harm our business and financial condition. 

24 

We expect that
products utilizing Ever After Food s technologies will be subject to regulations that could adversely affect its business and results
of operations. 

The
manufacture and marketing of food products is highly regulated. Ever After Foods, its suppliers and licensees, may be subject to a variety
of laws and regulations. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of Ever After Food s business, including the manufacture,
composition and ingredients, packaging, labeling, distribution, advertising, sale, quality and safety of food products, as well as the
health and safety of our employees and the protection of the environment. 

For
the reasons discussed below, we ourselves do not expect to be directly regulated by the FDA for United States compliance purposes but
will apply the FDA s food contact substance standards or analogous foreign regulations. From a regulatory perspective, in the United
States, we expect companies manufacturing finished cultured meat products to be subject to regulation by various government agencies,
including the FDA, the USDA, the FTC, Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as the
requirements of various state and local agencies and laws, such as the California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of
1986. We likewise expect these products to be regulated by equivalent agencies outside the United States by various international regulatory
bodies. 

As
the manufacturer of technology used to produce cultured meat, and consistent with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, Federal Meat
Inspection Act, and Poultry Products Inspection Act, we believe we will not be directly regulated by the FDA or USDA. Rather, we believe
the regulatory obligation falls on our customers cultured meat producers to ensure that all food produced using our technology
is wholesome and not adulterated. Consistent with food industry norms, we expect that our customers will therefore request assurances
from us that our products are suitable for their intended use from an FDA regulatory perspective. 

The
manufacturing of cultured meat is expected to be subject to extensive regulations internationally, with products subject to numerous
food safety and other laws and regulations relating to the sourcing, manufacturing, composition and ingredients, storing, labeling, marketing,
advertising and distribution of these products. In addition, enforcement of existing laws and regulations, changes in legal requirements
and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs and create other obligations,
financial or otherwise, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. In addition, we could be
adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, which generally
prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining
or retaining business. While our policies mandate compliance with anti-bribery laws, our internal control policies and procedures may
not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees, contractors or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations
of such violations, could disrupt our business and adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Any changes in,
or changes in the interpretation of, applicable laws, regulations or policies of the USDA, state regulators or similar foreign regulatory
authorities that relate to the use of the word meat or other similar words in connection with cultured meat products could
adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition. 

The
USDA, state regulators or similar foreign regulatory authorities, such as Health Canada or the Canadian Food Inspection Agency, or CFIA,
or authorities of the EU or the EU member states e.g., European Food Safety Authority, or EFSA), could take action to impact
our ability to use the term meat or similar words, such as beef , to describe the product. In addition, a food
may be deemed misbranded if its labeling is false or misleading in any particular way, and the USDA, CFIA, EFSA or other regulators could
interpret the use of the term meat or any similar phrase(s) to describe our cultured meat products as false or misleading
or likely to create an erroneous impression regarding their composition. In the U.S., the USDA will develop new labeling requirements
for foods under its jurisdiction produced through cell culture technology as noted in an ANPR published in September 2021. 

25 

Risk Related to Commercialization of Our Product
Candidates 

We may not successfully establish new collaborations,
joint ventures or licensing arrangements, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 

One of the elements of our
business strategy is to license our technology to other companies. Our business strategy includes development and in-house manufacturing
of innovative new cell- based products and solutions powered by our 3D cell expansion technology platforms and establishing joint ventures
and partnerships that leverage our cell expansion technology and cell-based product portfolio to expand product pipelines and meet cell-based
manufacturing needs for a variety of industries. To date, we have a strategic partnership with Tnuva to use our technology to establish
a cultivated food platform, with CHA for both the IC and CLI indications in South Korea and with Chart for the thawing device. Notwithstanding,
we may not be able to further establish or maintain such licensing and collaboration arrangements necessary to develop and commercialize
our product candidates. 

Even if we are able to maintain
or establish licensing or collaboration arrangements, these arrangements may not be on favorable terms and may contain provisions that
will restrict our ability to develop, test and market our product candidates. Any failure to maintain or establish licensing or collaboration
arrangements on favorable terms could adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition, or ability to develop and commercialize
our product candidates. 

Our agreements with our collaborators
and licensees may have provisions that give rise to disputes regarding the rights and obligations of the parties. These and other possible
disagreements could lead to termination of the agreement or delays in collaborative research, development, supply, or commercialization
of certain product candidates, or could require or result in litigation or arbitration. Moreover, disagreements could arise with our
collaborators over rights to intellectual property or our rights to share in any of the future revenues of products developed by our
collaborators. These kinds of disagreements could result in costly and time-consuming litigation. Any such conflicts with our collaborators
could reduce our ability to obtain future collaboration agreements and could have a negative impact on our relationship with existing
collaborators. 

The market for our cell therapy products will be heavily dependent
on third party reimbursement policies. 

Our ability to successfully
commercialize our cell therapy product candidates will depend on the extent to which government healthcare programs, as well as private
health insurers, health maintenance organizations and other third-party payers will pay for our products and related treatments. 

Reimbursement by third party
payers depends on a number of factors, including the payer s determination that use of the product is safe and effective, not experimental,
or investigational, medically necessary, appropriate for the specific patient and cost-effective. Reimbursement in the United States
or foreign countries may not be available or maintained for any of our product candidates. If we do not obtain approvals for adequate
third-party reimbursements, we may not be able to establish or maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our
investment in product development. Any limits on reimbursement from third party payers may reduce the demand for, or negatively affect
the price of, our products. The lack of reimbursement for these procedures by insurance payers has negatively affected the market for
our products in this indication in the past. 

Managing and reducing health
care costs has been a general concern of federal and state governments in the United States and of foreign governments. In addition,
third party payers are increasingly challenging the price and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, and many limit reimbursement
for newly approved health care products. In particular, third-party payers may limit the indications for which they will reimburse
patients who use any products that we may develop. Cost control initiatives could decrease the price for products that we may develop,
which would result in lower product revenues to us. 

26 

Risk Related to Intellectual Property 

Our success depends in large part on our
ability to develop and protect our technology and our cell therapy products. If our patents and proprietary rights agreements do not
provide sufficient protection for our technology and our cell therapy products, our business and competitive position will suffer. 

Our success will also depend
in part on our ability to develop our technology and commercialize our products without infringing the proprietary rights of others.
We have not conducted full freedom of use patent searches and no assurance can be given that patents do not exist or could not be filed
which would have an adverse effect on our ability to develop our technology or maintain our competitive position with respect to our
potential cell therapy products. If our technology components, devices, designs, products, processes or other subject matter are claimed
under other existing United States or foreign patents or are otherwise protected by third party proprietary rights, we may be subject
to infringement actions. In such event, we may challenge the validity of such patents or other proprietary rights, or we may be required
to obtain licenses from such companies in order to develop, manufacture or market our technology or products. There can be no assurances
that we would be able to obtain such licenses or that such licenses, if available, could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.
Furthermore, the failure to either develop a commercially viable alternative or obtain such licenses could result in delays in marketing
our proposed products or the inability to proceed with the development, manufacture or sale of products requiring such licenses, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are required to defend ourselves
against charges of patent infringement or to protect our proprietary rights against third parties, substantial costs will be incurred
regardless of whether we are successful. Such proceedings are typically protracted with no certainty of success. An adverse outcome could
subject us to significant liabilities to third parties and force us to curtail or cease our development of our technology and the commercialization
our potential cell therapy products. 

We have built the ability
to manufacture clinical grade adherent stromal cells in-house. Through our experience with adherent stromal cell-based product development,
we have developed expertise and know-how in this field. To protect these expertise and know-how, our policies require confidentiality
agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, manufacturers and advisors. These agreements generally provide for protection
of confidential information, restrictions on the use of materials and assignment of inventions conceived during the course of performance
for us. These agreements might not effectively prevent disclosure of our confidential information. 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings
alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

Our commercial success depends
upon our ability and the ability of our collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary
technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We have yet to conduct comprehensive freedom-to-operate searches
to determine whether our proposed business activities or use of certain of the patent rights owned by us would infringe patents issued
to third parties. We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property
rights with respect to our products and technology, including interference proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Third
parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future. If we are found
to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue
developing and marketing our products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. 

Even if we were able to obtain
a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced,
including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary
damages. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business
operations, which could materially harm our business. For example, we are aware of issued third party patents directed to placental stem
cells and their use for therapy and in treating various diseases. We may need to seek a license for one or more of these patents. No
assurances can be given that such a license will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Claims that we have misappropriated
the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 

Even if resolved in our favor,
litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract
our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results
of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be
negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common shares. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially
increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution
activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our
competitors are able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial
resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

27 

The
patent approval process is complex, and we cannot be sure that our pending patent applications or future patent applications will be
approved. 

The
patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions
and has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial
value of our and any future licensors patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result
in patents being issued which protect our technology or products or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive
technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries
may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. The laws of foreign countries may not protect our
rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States and we may not be able to obtain meaningful patent protection for any of our
commercial products either in or outside the United States. 

No
assurance can be given that the scope of any patent protection granted will exclude competitors or provide us with competitive advantages,
that any of the patents that have been or may be issued to us will be held valid if subsequently challenged, or that other parties will
not claim rights to or ownership of our patents or other proprietary rights that we hold. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that
others have not developed or will not develop similar products, duplicate any of our technology or products or design around any patents
that have been or may be issued to us or any future licensors. Since patent applications in the United States and in Europe are not publicly
disclosed until patents are issued, there can be no assurance that others did not first file applications for products covered by our
pending patent applications, nor can we be certain that we will not infringe any patents that may be issued to others. 

Risk
Related to Our Common Shares 

The
price of our common shares may fluctuate significantly. 

The
market for our common shares may fluctuate significantly. A number of events and factors may have an adverse impact on the market price
of our common shares, such as: 

results
 of our clinical trials or adverse events associated with our products; 

the
 amount of our cash resources and our ability to obtain additional funding; 

changes
 in our revenues, expense levels or operating results; 

entering
 into or terminating strategic relationships; 

announcements
 of technical or product developments by us or our competitors; 

market
 conditions for pharmaceutical and biotechnology shares in particular; 

changes
 in laws and governmental regulations, including changes in tax, healthcare, competition and
 patent laws; 

disputes
 concerning patents or proprietary rights; 

new
 accounting pronouncements or regulatory rulings; 

public
 announcements regarding medical advances in the treatment of the disease states that we are
 targeting; 

patent
 or proprietary rights developments; 

regulatory
 actions that may impact our products; 

28 

future
 sales of our common shares, or the perception of such sales; 

disruptions
 in our manufacturing processes; and 

competition.

In
addition, a global pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and a market downturn in general and/or in the biopharmaceutical sector in
particular, may adversely affect the market price of our securities, which may not necessarily reflect the actual or perceived value
of our Company. 

We
could fail to maintain the listing of our common shares on Nasdaq, which could seriously harm the liquidity of our shares and our ability
to raise capital or complete a strategic transaction. 

On
April 19, 2023, we received a letter, or Notice, from Nasdaq, advising us that for 30 consecutive trading days preceding the date of
the Notice, the bid price of our common shares had closed below the 1.00 per share minimum required for continued listing on Nasdaq
pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), or MBPR. The Notice had no effect on the listing of our common shares , and our common shares
continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol PLUR . 

Under
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), if during the 180 calendar days period following the date of the Notice the closing bid price of our
common shares is at or above 1.00 for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, we will regain compliance with the MBPR and our common
shares will continue to be eligible for listing on Nasdaq, absent noncompliance with any other requirement for continued listing. The
compliance period, or Compliance Period, to comply with the MBPR will expire on October 16, 2023. 

If
we do not regain compliance with the MBPR by the end of the Compliance Period, then under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(i) we may
transfer to The Nasdaq Capital Market, provided that we meet the applicable market value of publicly held shares requirement for continued
listing as well as all other standards for initial listing of our common shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market (other than the MBPR) and
notify Nasdaq of our intention to cure the deficiency. Following a transfer to The Nasdaq Capital Market, we may be afforded an additional
180-days to regain compliance with the MBPR. 

As
of the date of this filing, our common shares are trading below 1.00 per share. If we do not regain compliance with the MBPR by the
end of the Compliance Period (or the Compliance Period as may be extended), our common shares will be subject to delisting. A delisting
from Nasdaq would likely result in a reduction in some or all of the following, each of which could have a material adverse effect on
shareholders: 

the
 liquidity of our common shares; 

the
 market price of our common shares; 

the
 availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our common shares; 

our
 ability to obtain financing or complete a strategic transaction; 

the
 number of institutional and other investors that will consider investing in our common shares;
 and 

the
 number of market markers or broker-dealers for our common shares. 

We
intend to monitor the closing bid price of our common shares and may, if appropriate, consider implementing available options to regain
compliance with the MBPR under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, including initiating a reverse stock split. 

Future
sales of our common shares may cause dilution. 

Future
sales of our common shares, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause immediate dilution and adversely affect the market
price of our common shares. If we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, the percentage ownership of our existing shareholders
may be reduced, and accordingly these shareholders may experience substantial dilution. We may also issue equity securities that provide
for rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common shares. Given our need for cash and that equity raising is the most
common type of fundraising for companies like ours, the risk of dilution is particularly significant for shareholders of our company. 

29 

Risks
Related to Foreign Exchange Rates 

We
are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

A
significant portion of our business is conducted outside the United States. Therefore, we are exposed to currency exchange fluctuations
in other currencies such as the NIS and the Euro. A significant portion of our expenses in Israel are paid in NIS, and we have also received
 20 million pursuant to the EIB Finance Agreement, that bears 4 annual interest. All of these factors subject us to the risks of
foreign currency fluctuations. Our primary expenses paid in NIS are employee salaries, and lease payments on our facilities. From time
to time, we may apply a hedging strategy by using options and forward contracts to protect ourselves against some of the risks of currency
exchange fluctuations and we are actively monitoring the exchange rate differences of the NIS, Euro and U.S. Dollar; however, we are
still exposed to potential losses from currency exchange fluctuation. 

Our
cash may be subject to a risk of loss. 

Our
assets include a significant component of cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits. We adhere to an investment policy set
by our investment committee which aims to preserve our financial assets, maintain adequate liquidity and maximize returns. We believe
that our cash is held in institutions whose credit risk is minimal and that the value and liquidity of our deposits are accurately reflected
in our consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2023. Currently, we hold most of our cash assets in bank deposits in Israel.
However, nearly all of our cash and bank deposits are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, or
similar governmental deposit insurance outside the United States. Therefore, our cash and any bank deposits that we now hold or
may acquire in the future may be subject to risks, including the risk of loss or of reduced value or liquidity, particularly in light
of the increased volatility and worldwide pressures in the financial and banking sectors. 

Other
Risks 

Since
we received grants from the IIA, we are subject to on-going restrictions. 

We have received royalty-bearing
grants from the IIA, for research and development programs that meet specified criteria. The terms of the IIA s grants limit our
ability to transfer know-how developed under an approved research and development program, and/or the manufacturing of products developed
under an approved research and development program, outside of Israel, regardless of whether the royalties are fully paid. Any non-Israeli
citizen, resident or entity that, among other things, becomes a holder of 5 or more of our share capital or voting rights, is entitled
to appoint one or more of our directors or our Chief Executive Officer, or CEO, serves as a director of our Company or as our CEO is generally
required to notify the same to the IIA and to undertake to observe the law governing the grant programs of the IIA, the principal restrictions
of which are the transferability limits described above. To the extent a company wishes to transfer its IIA-supported know-how outside
of Israel - the IIA acts under the Law for the Encouragement of Research, Development and Technological Innovation in the Industry 1984
and the related IIA rules and regulations, it must be preapproved by the IIA and the company may be required to pay an additional payment
to the IIA. The minimum amount of the payment is the total sum of grants received plus interest and the maximum amount shall be no higher
than six times the total sum of grants received plus interest. In the case that the IIA-supported company retains its research and development
center in Israel for at least three consecutive years, following the year of transferring the IIA-supported know-how outside of Israel,
while maintaining at least 75 of its research and development employees in Israel the payment will be limited to three times
the total sum of grants received plus interest. For more information, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

Recent
global inflation may adversely affect our business results. 

Inflation
could affect our ability to purchase materials needed to support our research, development and operational activities, which in turn
could result in higher burn rate and a higher end price of our future products. As a result, we may not be able to effectively develop
our cell-based product candidates or cultivated meat products. If we are not able to successfully manage inflation, our prospects, business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Non-compliance
with environmental, social, and governance, or ESG, practices could harm our reputation, or otherwise adversely impact our business,
while increased attention to ESG initiatives could increase our costs. 

Companies
across industries are facing increasing scrutiny from a variety of stakeholders related to their ESG and sustainability practices. Certain
market participants, including institutional investors and capital providers, are increasingly placing importance on the impact of their
investments and are thus focusing on corporate ESG practices, including the use of third-party benchmarks and scores to assess companies 
ESG profiles in making investment or voting decisions, and engaging with companies to encourage changes to their practices. Unfavorable
ESG ratings could lead to increased negative investor sentiment towards us or our industry. If we do not comply with investor or stockholder
expectations and standards in connection with our ESG initiatives or are perceived to have not addressed ESG issues within our company,
our business and reputation could be negatively impacted and our share price could be materially and adversely affected, as well as our
access to and cost of capital. 

While
we may, at times, engage in voluntary initiatives (such as voluntary disclosures, certifications, or goals, among others) or commitments
to improve the ESG profile of our company and/or products, such initiatives or achievements of such commitments may not have the desired
effect and may be costly. 

In
addition, we may commit to certain initiatives or goals but not ultimately achieve such commitments or goals due to factors that are
both within or outside of our control. Moreover, actions or statements that we may take based on expectations, assumptions, or third-party
information that we currently believe to be reasonable may subsequently be determined to be erroneous or be subject to misinterpretation.
Even if this is not the case, our current actions may subsequently be determined to be insufficient by various stakeholders, and we may
be subject to investor or regulator engagement on our ESG initiatives and disclosures, even if such initiatives are currently voluntary.
In addition, increasing ESG-related regulation, such as the SEC s climate disclosure proposal, may also result in increased compliance
costs or scrutiny. 

30 

Expectations
around a company s management of ESG matters continues to evolve rapidly, in many instances due to factors that are out of our
control. To the extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, it may also impede our ability to compete as effectively to
attract and retain employees or customers, which may adversely impact our operations. 

Since
we have signed the EIB Finance Agreement, we agreed to guaranty the loan as well as agreed to limitations that require us to notify the
European Investment Bank, or EIB, and in some cases obtain their approval, before we engage with other banks for additional sources of
funding or with potential partners for certain strategic activities. 

The
EIB Finance Agreement contains certain limitations that we must adhere to such as the use of proceeds received from the EIB, the disposal
of assets, substantive changes in the nature of our business, our potential execution of mergers and acquisitions, changes in our holding
structure, distributions of future potential dividends and our engaging with other banks and financing entities for other loans. 

Our
principal research and development and manufacturing facilities are located in Israel and the unstable military and political conditions
of Israel may cause interruption or suspension of our business operations without warning. 

Our
principal research and development and manufacturing facilities are located in Israel. As a result, we are directly influenced by the
political, economic, and military conditions affecting Israel. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed
conflicts have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors. During June 2021, July and August 2014 and November 2012, Israel was
engaged in an armed conflict with a militia group and political party which controls the Gaza Strip, and during the summer of 2006, Israel
was engaged in an armed conflict with Hezbollah, a Lebanese Islamist Shiite militia group and political party. These conflicts involved
missile strikes against civilian targets in various parts of Israel, including areas in which our employees and some of our consultants
are located, and negatively affected business conditions in Israel. We cannot predict if or when armed conflict will take place and the
duration of each conflict. 

Furthermore,
certain of our employees may be obligated to perform annual reserve duty in the Israel Defense Forces and are subject to being called
up for active military duty at any time. All Israeli male citizens who have served in the army are required to perform reserve duty until
they are between 40 and 49 years old, depending upon the nature of their military service. 

In
addition, Israeli-based companies and companies doing business with Israel, have been the subject of an economic boycott by members of
the Arab League and certain other predominantly Muslim countries since Israel s establishment. Although Israel has entered into
various agreements with certain Arab countries and the Palestinian Authority, and various declarations have been signed in connection
with efforts to resolve some of the economic and political problems in the Middle East, we cannot predict whether or in what manner these
problems will be resolved. Wars and acts of terrorism have resulted in significant damage to the Israeli economy, including reducing
the level of foreign and local investment. 

The
Israeli government is currently pursuing extensive changes to Israel s judicial system. In response to the foregoing developments,
individuals, organizations and institutions, both within and outside of Israel, have voiced concerns that the proposed changes may negatively
impact the business environment in Israel including due to reluctance of foreign investors to invest or conduct business in Israel, as
well as to increased currency fluctuations, downgrades in credit rating, increased interest rates, increased volatility in securities
markets, and other changes in macroeconomic conditions. Such proposed changes may also adversely affect the labor market in Israel or
lead to political instability or civil unrest. 

Risk
Related to Our Industry 

The
trend towards consolidation in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may adversely affect us. 

There
is a trend towards consolidation in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. This consolidation trend may result in the remaining
companies having greater financial resources and technical discovery capabilities, thus intensifying competition in these industries.
This trend may also result in fewer potential collaborators or licensees for our therapeutic product candidates. Also, if a consolidating
company is already doing business with our competitors, we may lose existing licensees or collaborators as a result of such consolidation.
This trend may adversely affect our ability to enter into license agreements or agreements for the development and commercialization
of our product candidates, and as a result may materially harm our business. 

If
we do not keep pace with our competitors and with technological and market changes, our technology and products may become obsolete,
and our business may suffer. 

The
cellular therapeutics industry, of which we are a part, is very competitive and is subject to technological changes that can be rapid
and intense. We have faced, and will continue to face, intense competition from biotechnology, pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies,
academic and research institutions and governmental agencies engaged in cellular therapeutic and drug discovery activities or funding,
both in the United States and internationally. Some of these competitors are pursuing the development of cellular therapeutics, drugs
and other therapies that target the same diseases and conditions that we target in our clinical and pre-clinical programs. 

31 

Some
of our competitors have greater resources, more product candidates and have developed product candidates and processes that directly
compete with our products. Our competitors may have developed, or could develop in the future, new products that compete with our products
or even render our products obsolete. 

Moreover, the alternative
protein market is highly competitive, with numerous brands vying for limited space in retail, foodservice, and consumer preference. To
succeed, Ever After Food s cultured meat products must excel in costs, taste, ingredients, marketing and branding. Generally, the
food industry is dominated by multinational corporations with substantially greater resources and operations than Ever After Foods. We
cannot be certain that Ever After Foods will successfully compete with larger competitors that have greater financial, marketing, sales,
manufacturing, distributing and technical resources. Conventional food companies may acquire Ever After Foods competitors or launch
their own competing products, and they may be able to use their resources and scale to respond to competitive pressures and changes in
consumer preferences by introducing new products, reducing prices or increasing promotional activities, among other things. Competitive
pressures or other factors could prevent Ever After Foods from acquiring market share or cause us to lose market share, which may require
Ever After Foods to lower prices, or increase marketing and advertising expenditures, either of which would adversely affect its margins
and could result in a decrease in its operating results and profitability. We cannot assure that we will be able to maintain a competitive
position or compete successfully against such sources of competition. 

Potential
product liability claims could adversely affect our future earnings and financial condition. 

We
face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products results in adverse effects.
We may not be able to maintain adequate levels of insurance for these liabilities at reasonable cost and/or reasonable terms. Excessive
insurance costs or uninsured claims would add to our future operating expenses and adversely affect our financial condition. 

Risk
Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

We
are dependent upon third party suppliers for raw materials needed to manufacture PLX; if any of these third parties fails or is unable
to perform in a timely manner, our ability to manufacture and deliver will be compromised. 

In
addition to the placenta used in the clinical manufacturing process of PLX, we require certain raw materials. These items must be manufactured
and supplied to us in sufficient quantities and in compliance with current GMP. To meet these requirements, we have entered into supply
agreements with firms that manufacture these raw materials to current GMP standards. Our requirements for these items are expected to
increase if and when we transition to the manufacture of commercial quantities of our cell-based drug candidates. 

In
addition, as we proceed with our trial efforts, we must be able to continuously demonstrate to the FDA, EMA and other regulatory authorities
that we can manufacture our cell therapy product candidates with consistent characteristics. Accordingly, we are materially dependent
on these suppliers for supply of current GMP-grade materials of consistent quality. Our ability to complete ongoing clinical trials may
be negatively affected in the event that we are forced to seek and validate a replacement source for any of these critical materials. 

We
intend to decrease our dependency in third party suppliers for raw materials. To that effect we have developed a serum-free formulation
which is expected to support the manufacturing of cell therapy products. This serum-free formulation was developed using our deep understanding
in cell therapy industrial scale production standards, and the quality methods designed to support implementation in Phase III development
and marketing. Achieving this significant technological challenge is expected to provide us with large-scale, highly consistent production
with operational independency from third party suppliers for standard serum, an expensive and quantity limited product. There can be
no guarantee that we will successfully implement the use of our serum-free formulation to support the manufacturing of cell therapy products
or any other future product candidates, if any, that we seek to produce using such formulation, or that such implementation of the serum-free
formulation will decrease our dependency on third party suppliers for raw materials. 

32 

A
cybersecurity incident, other technology disruptions or failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to privacy and the protection
of data relating to individuals could negatively impact our business and our reputation. 

We
rely on and utilize services provided by third parties in connection with our clinical trials, which services involve the collection,
use, storage and analysis of personal health information. While we receive assurances from these vendors that their services are compliant
with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and other applicable privacy laws, there can be no assurance
that such third parties will comply with applicable laws or regulations. Non-compliance by such vendors may result in liability for us
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

During
November 2021, we experienced a cybersecurity incident in which one or more third parties were able to impersonate one of our vendors
by using a falsified email domain account and asked to make a payment to a false bank account. As a result of this incident, the third
parties managed to extract a sum of approximately 616,000 from us. Following the incident, we hired the services of a cybersecurity
investigation firm to fully access the incident and notified the appropriate government authorities, including the banks involved in
the transaction. During February 2022, with the assistance of local and global law enforcement agencies, we were able to recover an amount
of approximately 412,000 from the false bank account. Together with the reimbursement received from our insurance company, we were able
to recover the full amount lost. 

The
cybersecurity incident has not had any material effect on our ability to meet our financial obligations, including our ability to carry
out our operations and business activities, and our investigation has confirmed that, other than the funds referenced above, none of
our information or data was stolen or damaged. Nonetheless, despite the implementation of security measures, including the steps we have
taken following the November 2021 cybersecurity incident, our internal computer systems and those of our current and future CROs and
other contractors and consultants may not prevent future incidents of a similar nature or other cyber-attacks. We are constantly exploring
new and advanced security protection measures to prevent future cybersecurity incidents. 

Future
security breaches or any material system failure events could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business
operations. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory
approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security
breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary
information, we could incur liability and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. 

In
addition, we are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the Israeli, United States, the EU and other jurisdictions relating to the
collection, use and security of personal information and data. Such data privacy laws, regulations and other obligations may require
us to change our business practices and may negatively impact our ability to expand our business and pursue business opportunities. We
may incur significant expenses to comply with the laws, regulations and other obligations that apply to us. Additionally, the privacy-
and data protection-related laws, rules and regulations applicable to us are subject to significant change. Several jurisdictions have
passed new laws and regulations in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. Privacy- and
data protection-related laws and regulations also may be interpreted and enforced inconsistently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Any actual or perceived inability to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, regulations, or other obligations could
result in significant cost and liability, litigation or governmental investigations, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our
business. 

Unsuccessful
compliance with certain European privacy regulations could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

The
collection and use of personal health data in the EU is governed by the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR.
This directive imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information
provided to the individuals, notification of data processing obligations to the competent national data protection authorities and the
security and confidentiality of the personal data. The GPDR also extends the geographical scope of EU data protection law to non-EU entities
under certain conditions, tightens existing EU data protection principles and creates new obligations for companies and new rights for
individuals. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EU Member States
may result in fines and other administrative penalties. There may be circumstances under which a failure to comply with GDPR, or the
exercise of individual rights under the GDPR, would limit our ability to utilize clinical trial data collected on certain subjects. The
GDPR regulations impose additional responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, and we intend to put in
place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with these and/or new data protection rules. 

Changes
to these European privacy regulations and unsuccessful compliance may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
prospects, results of operations and reputation. 

33 

We
may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit U.S. companies or their agents and employees from
providing anything of value to a foreign official or political party for the purposes of influencing any act or decision of these individuals
in their official capacity to help obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or corporate entity or obtain any unfair
advantage. We have operations and agreements with third parties. Our international activities create the risk of unauthorized and illegal
payments or offers of payments by our employees or consultants, even though they may not always be subject to our control. We discourage
these practices by our employees and consultants. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than
effective, and our employees or consultants, may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible for Any failure by us to adopt
appropriate compliance procedures and ensure that our employees and consultants comply with the FCPA and applicable laws and regulations
in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial penalties or restrictions on our ability to conduct business in certain foreign
jurisdictions. 

Violations
of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect
our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, the U.S. government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor
liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES. 

Our
principal executive, manufacturing and research and development offices are located at MATAM Advanced Technology Park, Building No. 5,
Haifa, Israel, where we occupy approximately 4,389 square meters. Our gross monthly rent payment for these leased facilities as of June
30, 2023 was 292,000 NIS (approximately 83,000). For fiscal year 2023, we recognized expense in the amount of 1,052,000, according
to the implementation of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases. 

We
believe that the current space we have is adequate to meet our current and foreseeable future needs. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

34 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our
common shares are traded on Nasdaq and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange under the symbol PLUR . 

As of September 8, 2023, there
were 52 holders of record, and 41,351,870 of our common shares were issued and outstanding. 

Equiniti Trust Company, LLC
is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. Their address is 6201 15th Avenue, 2nd Floor, Brooklyn, NY 11219, telephone:
(718) 921-8300, (800) 937-5449. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

We are a biotechnology company
with an advanced cell-based technology platform. We have developed a unique 3D technology platform for cell expansion with an industrial
scale in-house GMP cell manufacturing facility. We are utilizing our technology in the field of regenerative medicine and food tech and
plan to utilize it in other industries and verticals that have a need for our mass scale and cost-effective cell expansion platform. 

We
use our advanced cell-based technology platform in the field of regenerative medicine to develop placenta-based cell therapy product
candidates for the treatment of inflammatory, muscle injuries and hematologic conditions. Our PLX cells are adherent stromal cells that
are expanded using our 3D platform. Our PLX cells can be administered to patients off-the-shelf, without blood or tissue matching
or additional manipulation prior to administration. PLX cells are believed to release a range of therapeutic proteins in response to
the patient s condition. 

Our operations are focused
on the research, development and manufacturing of cells and cell-based products, conducting clinical studies and the business development
of cell therapeutics and cell-based technologies, such as our collaboration with Tnuva to use our technology to establish a cultivated
food platform, as well as the collaboration agreement we signed in 2022 with a leading European manufacturer of APIs to use our expansion
technology, which aims to revolutionize the production of biologics by enabling a cost-effective, sustainable and cruelty-free ingredient. 

In the pharmaceutical area,
we have focused on several indications utilizing our product candidates, including, but not limited to, muscle recovery following surgery
for hip fracture, incomplete recovery following bone marrow transplantation CLI Chronic Graft versus Host Disease and a potential treatment
for H-ARS. Some of these studies have been completed while others are still ongoing. We believe that each of these indications is a severe
unmet medical need. 

In July 2023, we announced
that we signed a three year 4.2 million contract with the NIAID, which is part of the NIH. Pluri will collaborate with the U.S. Department
of Defense s Armed Forces Radiobiology Research Institute, or AFRRI, and the Uniformed Services University of Health Sciences, or
USUHS, in Maryland, U.S.A., to further advance the development of its PLX-R18 cell therapy as a potential novel treatment for H-ARS, a
deadly disease that can result from nuclear disasters and radiation exposure. 

In the food tech field, we
established a new venture with Tnuva, Ever After Foods . Ever After Foods is developing cultivated meat products based on Pluri s
platform 3D cell expansion technology. 

35 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2022. 

Revenues 

Revenues
for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 287,000, compared to 234,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The revenues in the year ended
June 30, 2023 were mainly related to our API Collaboration and the revenues in the year ended June 30, 2022 were related to the revenue
derived from our license agreement with Takeda and the sale of our PLX cells for research use. 

Research
and Development, Net 

Research and development,
net (costs less participation and grants by the IIA, Horizon 2020, Horizon Europe and other parties) decreased by 35 from 24,377,000
for the year ended June 30, 2022, to 15,745,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease is mainly attributed to: (1) a decrease
in clinical studies expenses following the completion of our CLI and ARDS associated with COVID-19 studies and the end of enrollment of
our muscle regeneration following hip fracture study in November 2021, (2) a decrease in material purchases in accordance with our manufacturing
needs and plans, (3) a decrease in salaries and related expenses as part of our efficiency cost-reduction plan , specifically a reduction
of 22 research and development, or R D, employees in Pluri Biotech Ltd. (108 on June 30, 2023, compared to 130 on June 30, 2022),
(4) a decrease in share-based compensation expenses and (5) higher participation by the European Union with respect to the Horizon 2020
grants, which relate to our CLI and muscle regeneration following hip fracture studies. 

General
and Administrative 

General and administrative
expenses decreased by 32 from 17,450,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022, to 11,779,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease
is mainly attributed to a decrease in share-based compensation expenses related to market based vesting conditioned restricted stock units,
or RSUs, granted to our CEO and Chairman, a decrease in share-based compensation expenses related to the allocation of shares of
Ever After Foods to our CEO, Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, and Chairman of our Board pursuant to their employment or consulting agreements,
employee terminations and RSU expense amortization over time (see also notes 1e and 9c to the consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report). These decreases were partially offset by an increase in share-based compensation expenses related to
the amount of RSUs and options granted to our CEO. 

Total
Financial Income (Expense), Net 

Total
financial income (expenses), net decreased from 219,000 in financial income for the year ended 2022 to 1,641,000 in financial expenses
for the year ended June 30, 2023. This decrease is mainly attributable to (1) expenses relating to exchange rate differences related to
the EIB loan provided to us in June 2021 pursuant to EIB Finance Agreement (as a result of the strength of the Euro against the U.S. dollar,
which increased by 5 in 2023 compared to 2022 where it decreased by 7 ), and (2) a decrease due to exchange rate expenses on a lease
liability due to the strength of the U.S Dollar against the NIS which resulted in an expense of 690,000. The decrease in financial income
(expense) was partially offset by an increase related to interest income from bank deposits. 

Net
Loss for the Year 

Net
loss decreased from 41,374,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022 to 28,887,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease was mainly
due to a decrease in R D expenses, net, and a decrease in general and administrative expenses for the reasons mentioned above. We
had a net loss attributed to our non-controlling interest in Ever After Foods for the year ended June 30, 2023 of 566,000. 

Loss per share for the year
ended June 30, 2023, was 0.78, as compared to 1.28 loss per share for the year ended June 30, 2022. The change in the loss per share
was mainly as a result of a decrease in the loss for the year, and by an increase in our weighted average number of shares due to the
issuance of additional shares during fiscal year 2023. 

The
increase in weighted average common shares outstanding reflects the issuance of additional shares pursuant to a private placement offering
we conducted in December 2022, or the December 2022 Private Placement, and the issuance of additional shares upon the vesting of RSUs
issued to directors, employees and consultants. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of June 30, 2023, our total current assets were 41,409,000 and our total current liabilities were 5,621,000. On June 30, 2023, we had
a working capital surplus of 35,788,000 and an accumulated deficit of 399,584,000. 

As
of June 30, 2022, our total current assets were 57,747,000 and our total current liabilities were 6,829,000. On June 30, 2022, we had
a working capital surplus of 50,918,000 and an accumulated deficit of 371,263,000. 

Our cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash as of June 30, 2023, amounted to 5,629,000, which reflects a decrease of 5,150,000 from the 10,779,000 reported
as of June 30, 2022. Our bank deposits as of June 30, 2023, amounted to 34,811,000 compared to 45,244,000 as of June 30, 2022. Our cash
equivalents and restricted cash decreased in the year ended June 30, 2023, for the reasons presented below. 

36 

Our cash used in operating
activities was 22,857,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023, and 36,501,000 during the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease in cash
used in operating activities is mainly attributed to a decrease in net loss following the completion of certain clinical trials and the
implementation of our cost reduction and efficiency plan that we initiated to align with the change in our business strategy. Cash used
in operating activities in year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 consisted primarily of payments of fees to our suppliers, subcontractors,
professional services providers and consultants, and payments of salaries to our employees, partially offset by grants from the IIA, the
EU s Horizon 2020, Horizon Europe and 2022 programs, Israel s Ministry of Economy and other research grants. 

Cash provided by investing
activities was 9,698,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023, as opposed to cash provided for investing activities of 11,783,000 during
the year ended June 30, 2022. Cash provided by investing activities in the year ended June 30, 2023 consisted primarily of the withdrawal
of 9,960,000 of short-term deposits, partially offset by payments of 262,000 related to investments in property and equipment. Cash
provided by investing activities in the year ended June 30, 2022, consisted primarily of a withdrawal of 12,063,000 of short-term deposits
partially offset by payments of 280,000 related to investments in property and equipment. 

Financing activities provided
cash in the amount of 8,024,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023, and 7,500,000 during the year ended June 30, 2022. The financing
activities during the year ended June 30, 2023 related to issuances of common shares and warrants, net of issuance costs, in the December
2022 Private Placement. The financing activities during year ended June 30, 2022 were related to proceeds of 7,500,000 we received from
Tnuva as an investment in Ever After Foods. 

 Between
December 13, 2022, and December 27, 2022, we entered into a series of securities purchase agreements with several purchasers for an aggregate
of 8,155,900 common shares and warrants, or the Warrants, to purchase up to 8,155,900 common shares. On December 13, 2022, we executed
securities purchase agreements to sell, at a purchase price of 1.03 per share, up to 5,579,883 common shares and Warrants to purchase
up to 5,579,833 common shares, with an exercise price of 1.03 per share and a term of three years. On December 14, 2022, we executed
securities purchase agreements to sell, at a purchase price of 1.05 per share, up to 2,068,517 common shares and Warrants to purchase
up to 2,068,517 common shares, with an exercise price of 1.05 per share and a term of three years. On December 15, 2022, we executed
securities purchase agreements to sell, at a purchase price of 1.06 per share, up to 237,500 common shares and Warrants to purchase up
to 237,500 common shares, with an exercise price of 1.06 per share and a term of three years. On December 19, 2022, we executed a securities
purchase agreement to sell, at a purchase price of 1.09 per share, up to 135,000 common shares and Warrants to purchase up to 135,000
common shares, with an exercise price of 1.09 per share and a term of three years. On December 27, 2022, we executed a securities purchase
agreement to sell, at a purchase price of 1.12 per share, up to 135,000 common shares and Warrants to purchase up to 135,000 common shares,
with an exercise price of 1.12 per share and a term of three years. The Warrants sold in the December 2022 Private Placement will be
exercisable within six months from their issuance date. As of June 30, 2023, the Company issued 8,155,900 common shares and Warrants that
relate to the December 2022 Private Placement and received 8,024,000 as of that date net of 445 from issuance expenses. 

In
addition, the purchasers in the December 2022 Private Placement agreed to execute proxies permitting our CEO and CFO to vote the securities
purchased in the December 2022 Private Placement in favor of any shareholder vote relating to a future increase of our authorized shares.
Pursuant to the securities purchase agreements executed with the purchasers, we agreed to hold a meeting of shareholders within 200 days
of the execution of the securities purchase agreements for the purpose of increasing our authorized shares. 

On
April 27, 2023, our shareholders approved an amendment to our articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized common shares
from 60,000,000 shares to 300,000,000 shares and such increase was effectuated on May 1, 2023, when the Company filed its amendment to
its articles of incorporation reflecting such increase. As such, the Warrants became exercisable 6 months from the date of their issuance. 

On
December 14, 2022, Yaky Yanay, our CEO, agreed to forgo, starting January 1, 2023, 375,000 of his annual cash salary for the next twelve
months in return for equity grants, issuable under our existing equity compensation plans. In that regard, we granted Mr. Yanay (i) 334,821
RSUs, vesting ratably each month, and (ii) options to purchase 334,821 common shares, vesting ratably each month, with a term of three
years, at an exercise price of 1.12 per share. In addition, the Board also agreed to grant Mr. Yanay options to purchase 1,500,000 common
shares, with a term of three years, with the following terms: (i) options to purchase 500,000 common shares at an exercise price of 1.56
per share, 50 vesting on June 30, 2023 and 50 vesting on December 31, 2023, (ii) options to purchase 500,000 common shares at an exercise
price of 2.08 per share, 50 vesting on June 30, 2023 and 50 vesting on December 31, 2023, and (iii) options to purchase 500,000 common
shares at an exercise price of 2.60 per share, 50 vesting on June 30, 2023 and 50 vesting on December 31, 2023. All options were granted
in January 2023 and will expire three years from the later of the vesting date. 

On July 16, 2020, we entered
into an at-the market agreement, or the ATM Agreement, with Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies, pursuant to which we may issue and sell shares
of our common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to 75,000,000 from time to time through Jefferies. Upon entering into the
ATM Agreement, we filed a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC on July 23, 2020. On September
21, 2022, as a result of General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, and in accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, we reduced the
amount available to be sold under the ATM Agreement to a maximum aggregate offering price of up to 11,800,000 of our common shares from
time to time through Jefferies. During the years ended June 30, 2022, and 2023, we did not sell of our any common shares under the ATM
Agreement. 

On September 7, 2023, we provided
a formal notice of termination of the ATM Agreement with Jefferies, which took effect on September 8, 2023. 

Pursuant to a shelf registration
on Form S-3 filed on July 20, 2023, which we intend to obtain the effectiveness of in the near term, the Company may elect, from time
to time, to offer and sell shares of common stock, preferred stock, warrants and units having an aggregate offering price of up to 200,000,000. 

37 

In
April 2020, we and our subsidiaries, Pluri Biotech Ltd. and Pluristem GmbH, executed the EIB Finance Agreement for non dilutive
funding of up to 50 million in the aggregate, payable in three tranches. The proceeds from the EIB Finance Agreement were intended
to support our research and development in the EU to further advance our regenerative cell therapy platform, and to bring the products
in our pipeline to market. The term of the project was three years commencing on January 1, 2020. 

During
June 2021, we received the first tranche in the amount of 20 million pursuant to the EIB Finance Agreement. The amount received
is due to be repaid on June 1, 2026, and bears annual interest of 4 to be paid together with the principal of the loan. As of June 30,
2023, the interest accrued was in the amount of 1,665,000. In addition to the interest payable, the EIB is also entitled to royalty
payments, pro-rated to the amount disbursed from the EIB loan, on our consolidated revenues beginning in the fiscal year 2024 up to and
including its fiscal year 2030, in an amount equal to up to 2.3 of our consolidated revenues below 350 million, 1.2 of our consolidated
revenues between 350 million and 500 million and 0.2 of our consolidated revenues exceeding 500 million. As the project term ended
on December 31, 2022, we do not expect to receive additional funds pursuant to the EIB Finance Agreement. 

Non-dilutive
grants 

Israel
Innovation Authority (IIA) 

According
to the IIA grant terms, we are required to pay royalties at a rate of 3 on sales of products and services derived from technology developed
using this and other IIA grants until 100 of the dollar-linked grants amount plus interest are repaid. In the absence of such sales,
no payment is required. Through June 30, 2023, total grants obtained from the IIA aggregated to approximately 27,743,000 and total royalties
paid and accrued amounted to 179,000. 

The
IIA may impose certain conditions on any arrangement under which the IIA permits the Company to transfer technology or development out
of Israel or outsource manufacturing out of Israel. While the grant is given to the Company over a certain period of time (usually a
year), the requirements and restrictions under the Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Industrial Research and Development, 1984 continue
and do not have a set expiration period, except for the royalties, which requirement to pay them expires after payment in full. 

In June 2020, we announced
that we were selected as a member of the CRISPR-IL consortium, a group funded by the IIA. CRISPR-IL brings together the leading experts
in life science and computer science from academia, medicine, and industry, to develop AI based end-to-end genome-editing solutions. These
next-generation, multi-species genome editing products for human, plant, and animal DNA, have applications in the pharmaceutical, agriculture,
and aquaculture industries. CRISPR-IL is funded by the IIA with a total budget of approximately 10,000,000 of which, an amount of approximately
 480,000 was a direct grant allocated to us, for the initial period of 18 months. During October 2021, we received an approval for an
additional grant of approximately 583,000 from the IIA pursuant to the CRISPR-IL consortium program, for an additional period of eighteen
months. During January 2023, we received approval for an extension of an additional 2 months to finish the program until June 30, 2023.
The CRISPR-IL consortium program does not include any obligation to pay royalties. Through June 30, 2023, we received total grants
of approximately 774,000 in cash from the IIA pursuant to the CRISPR-IL consortium program, and we expect to receive an additional 253,000. 

EU
grants Horizon 2020 and Horizon Europe 

Through
June 30, 2023, we received total grants of approximately 8,621,000 in cash from the EU R D consortiums pursuant to the Horizon programs. 

On
September 6, 2022, we announced that a 7.5 million non-dilutive grant from the EU s Horizon program was awarded to Advanced
Personalized Therapies for Osteoarthritis (PROTO), an international collaboration led by Charit Berlin Institute of Health Center
for Regenerative Therapies. The goal of the PROTO project is to utilize our PLX-PAD cells in a Phase I/IIA study for the treatment of
mild to moderate knee osteoarthritis. Final approval of the grant is subject to completion of the consortium agreement. An amount of approximately
Euro 500,000 (approximately 545,000) will be a direct grant that will be allocated to us. Through June 30, 2023, we received a payment
of approximately 185,000 in cash, which relates to the PROTO program. The Phase I/II study will be carried out by Charit ,
together with us and other members of the international consortium under the leadership of Professor Tobias Winkler, Principal Investigator,
at the Berlin Institute of Health Center of Regenerative Therapies, Julius Wolff Institute and Center for Musculoskeletal Surgery. 

In August 2016, our CLI program
in the EU was awarded a 7,600,000 non-royalty bearing grant. The grant was part of the EU s Horizon 2020 program. The Phase
III study of PLX-PAD in CLI was a collaborative project carried out by an international consortium led by the Berlin-Brandenburg Center
for Regenerative Therapies together with the Company and with participation of additional third parties. The grant covered a significant
portion of the CLI program costs, and the program was ended during fiscal year 2023. Through June 30, 2023, we received a total of 3,235,000
relating to the CLI program in the EU (approximately 3,563,000). 

In
September 2017, our Phase III study of PLX-PAD cell therapy in the treatment of muscle injury following surgery for hip fracture was
awarded a 7,400,000 grant, as part of the EU s Horizon 2020 program. This Phase III study was a collaborative project carried
out by an international consortium led by Charit , together with us, and with participation of additional third parties. The grant
covered a significant portion of the project costs and the program was ended during fiscal year 2023. Through June 30, 2023, we received
a total of 3,228,000 (approximately 3,699,000). 

In October 2017, the nTRACK,
a collaborative project carried out by an international consortium led by Leitat was awarded a 6,800,000 non-royalty bearing grant.
As of June 30, 2023, we received a total of 764,000 (approximately 859,000). The nTRACK program ended during fiscal year 2023. 

38 

Outlook 

We
have accumulated a deficit of 399,584,000 since our inception in May 2001. We do not expect to generate any significant revenues from
sales of products in the next twelve months. We expect to generate revenues, from the sale of licenses to use our technology or products,
but in the short and medium terms will unlikely exceed our costs of operations. 

We
may be required to obtain additional liquidity resources in order to support the commercialization of our products and technology and
maintain our research and development activities. 

We
are continually looking for sources of funding, including collaboration with other companies via licensing agreements, joint ventures
and partnerships, and other non-dilutive sources such as our contract with NIAID and DoD, research grants such as the IIA grants and the
European Union grants, and sales of our common shares. 

We
believe that we have sufficient cash to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. 

Application
of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our accounting policies are
more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing in this Annual Report. We believe that the accounting
policy below is critical for one to fully understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 

The discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which we prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate such estimates and judgments
on an ongoing basis, including those described in greater detail below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. 

Share-Based Compensation 

Share-based compensation is considered a critical
accounting policy due to the significant expenses of RSUs which were granted to our employees, directors and consultants. In fiscal year
2023, we recorded share-based compensation expenses related to options, restricted shares and RSUs in the amount of 3,977,000. 

In accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation , or ASC 718, RSUs granted to employees and directors are measured at their fair value on the grant date. All RSUs
granted in fiscal years 2023 and 2022 were granted for no consideration; therefore, their fair value was equal to the share price at the
date of grant unless the RSUs include a market-based condition in which case the fair value RSUs at the date of grant was calculated using
the Monte Carlo model. The RSUs granted in fiscal year 2023 to non-employee consultants were measured at their fair value on the grant
date in accordance with ASU No. 2018-07 - Compensation Share Compensation . 

The fair value of shares of
Ever After Foods granted to our CEO, CFO and Chairman (see details in Item 11 below) was calculated using the Monte Carlo model, and the
fair value of the options of Ever After Foods granted to employees and officers were calculated using the Black Scholes model. 

The value of the portion of
the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods in our consolidated statements
of operations. We have graded vesting based on the accelerated method over the requisite service period of each of the awards. The expected
pre-vesting forfeiture rate affects the number of the shares. Based on our historical experience, the pre-vesting forfeiture rate per
grant is 16 for the shares granted to employees and 0 for the shares granted to our directors and officers and non-employee consultants. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

39 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As of June 30, 2023 

U.S. DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

INDEX 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 - F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 - F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-6 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity F-7 - F-8 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 - F-37 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the board of directors and shareholders of Pluri Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Pluri Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, of changes in shareholders equity and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes
(collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits of these consolidated
financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International
Limited 

September 12, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

F- 3 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

June 30, 

Note 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term bank deposits 

Restricted cash 
 2f 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 3 

Total current assets 

LONG-TERM ASSETS: 

Restricted bank deposits 
 2g 

Severance pay fund 

Property and equipment, net 
 4 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 6 

Other long-term assets 

Total long-term assets 

Total assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 4 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

June 30, 

Note 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Trade payables 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 
 6 

Accrued vacation and recuperation 

Other accounts payable 
 5 

Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Accrued severance pay 

Operating lease liability 
 6 

Loan from the European Investment Bank EIB 
 7 

Total long-term liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 8 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Share capital: 
 9 

Common shares, par value per share: authorized: shares issued and outstanding: shares as of June 30, 2023 and authorized: shares issued and outstanding: shares as of June 30, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

Year ended June 30, 

Note 
 2023 
 2022 

Revenues 
 2h 

Cost of revenues 

-

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 

Less: participation by the Israel Innovation Authority, Horizon 2020, Horizon Europe and other parties 

Research and development expenses, net 
 2l 

General and administrative expenses 

Operating loss 

Financial income (expenses), net 

Interest expense 

Total financial income (expenses), net 
 10 

Net loss 

Net loss attributed to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributed to shareholders 

Loss per share: 

Basic and diluted loss per share

Weighted average number of shares used in computing basic and diluted loss per share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

Shareholders Equity 

Common Shares 

Additional 
 Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Shareholders 

Non- 
controlling 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equity 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance as of July 1, 2021 

() 

() 

- 

Share-based compensation to employees, directors, and non-employee consultants (note 9(2)) 

() 

- 

Establishment of Ever After Foods Ltd. Ever After and non-controlling interest in Ever After (note 1d) 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

() 

() 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements . 

F- 7 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) 

Shareholders Equity 

Common Shares 

Additional 
 Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Shareholders 

Non- 
controlling 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equity 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance as of July 1, 2022 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation to employees, directors, and non-employee consultants (note 9(2)) 

() 

- 

Issuance of common shares and warrants, net of issuance costs of 

() 

- 

- 

Modification of warrants to non-controlling interests (note 1d) 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

Expiration of warrants in Ever After (note 1d) 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 

() 

() 

) Less than 1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 8 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
 FLOWS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

Year ended June 30 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Share-based compensation to employees, directors and non-employee consultants 

Decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other long-term assets 

Decrease in trade payables 

Decrease in other accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Decrease in operating lease right-of-use asset and liability 

Increase in interest receivable on short-term deposits 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, deposits and restricted cash 

Long-term interest payable and exchange rate differences relate to the EIB loan 

Accrued severance pay, net 

Net cash used for operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from withdrawal of short-term deposits 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds related to issuance of common shares and warrants, net of issuance costs of 445 
 
 -

Proceeds related to investment in subsidiary by non-controlling interest 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS and restricted cash 

Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period 

Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted bank deposits at the end of the period 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the consolidated balance sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Long- term restricted bank deposits 

Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted bank deposits 

(a) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment on credit 

Supplemental non-cash information related to lease liabilities arising from obtaining ROU assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 9 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

and incurred recurring operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since inception. As of June 30, 2023, the Company s total shareholders equity amounted to . During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company incurred losses of and its negative cash flow from operating activities was . 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company s
cash position (cash and cash equivalents, short-term bank deposits, restricted cash and restricted bank deposits) totaled . The
Company plans to continue to finance its operations from its current resources, by entering into licensing or other commercial and collaboration
agreements, from grants to support its research and development activities and from sales of its equity securities. The Company s
management believes that its current resources together with its existing operating plan, are sufficient for the Company to meet its obligations
as they come due at least for a period of twelve months from the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. During
2022 and 2023, the Company also implemented a cost reduction and efficiency plan to align with the change in its business strategy. There
is no assurance, however, that the Company will be able to obtain an adequate level of financial resources that are required for the long-term
development and commercialization of its products. 

d. On January 5, 2022, the Subsidiary
entered into definitive agreements (the Agreements with Tnuva pursuant to which the Subsidiary and Tnuva established Ever
After, with the purpose of developing cultivated meat products. Ever After received exclusive, global, royalty bearing licensing rights
to use Pluri s proprietary technology, intellectual property and knowhow in the field of cultivated meat. Tnuva invested in
Ever After and received of Ever After s ordinary shares, representing of the Ever After share capital as of
February 24, 2022 (the Closing Date ). In addition, Tnuva received warrants to invest up to an additional over a
period of twelve months following the Closing Date. 

F- 10 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 1: - GENERAL (CONT.) 

ordinary shares of Ever After at an exercise price of 
per share, and had a term commencing on the Closing Date and ended at the earlier of (i) six months from the Closing Date, (ii) immediately
prior to and subject to the consummation of an initial public offering or acquisition of Ever After or (iii) the consummation of a financing
round with a non-affiliated investor. In addition, on the six month anniversary of the Closing Date, and provided that the First Warrant
had not expired, Ever After agreed to issue a second warrant (the Second Warrant and together with the First Warrant, the
 Warrants to Tnuva which permitted Tnuva to purchase up to a number of ordinary shares of Ever After, or the then most senior
securities issued by Ever After, in consideration for such amount equal to of the remaining balance of the aggregate purchase price
of the First Warrant, provided that Tnuva exercised at least ordinary shares at a price per share of , or in the aggregate,
of the First Warrant. The Second Warrant s exercise price per share equaled . The Second Warrant had a term commencing on
the six month anniversary of the Closing Date and ended at the earlier of (i) six months from its issuance, (ii) immediately prior to
and subject to the consummation of an initial public offering or acquisition of Ever After or (iii) the consummation of a financing round
with a non-affiliated investor. The Company allocated the total consideration of received in an amount equal to for the ordinary shares and for the Warrants. The Company determined the fair value of the ordinary shares and the Warrants utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model (Level 3 classification), which incorporates various assumptions including expected stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and the expected date of a qualifying event. The Company estimated the volatility of the ordinary shares of Ever After based on data from similar companies operating in the food tech field. 

Expected stock price volatility 

The consideration allocated to the shares issued was divided between the non-controlling interests NCI and the Company s shareholders as this transaction is a transaction with the NCI. 

The consideration allocated to the Warrants was recognized against the NCI. 

On August 23, 2022, Amendment Date ), Ever After and Tnuva executed an amendment to the warrant agreement Amendment ), extending the exercise period of the First Warrant from six months to nine months from the Closing Date. All other terms remained unchanged. 

Following the Amendment, the Company recalculated the fair value of
the warrants utilizing the same Monte Carlo simulation model (Level 3 classification) before and after the Amendment Date, which incorporates
various assumptions including expected stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and the expected date of a qualifying event. 

Expected stock price volatility 

The Company estimated the volatility
of the ordinary shares of Ever After based on data from similar companies operating in the food tech field. The additional fair value
determined was . 

F- 11 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 1: - GENERAL (CONT.) 

were classified from NCI to additional paid-in capital. 

e. On February 26, 2022, the Subsidiary
allocated a total of of its shares in Ever After, which constitute approximately of Ever After s ordinary
shares, to its Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to the terms of their respective employment and/or
consulting agreements with the Company. Following such allocations, the Company holds of the outstanding equity in Ever After.
As a result, the Company recognized compensation expenses in the amount of representing the fair value of the respective
allocated shares. 

F- 12 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 2: - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

F- 13 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 2: - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

- 
 
 Computers and peripheral equipment 

Office furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

F- 14 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 2: - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

and per share, respectively. 

F- 15 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 2: - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

and , for the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The non-royalty bearing grants for funding the projects are recognized at the time the
Company is entitled to each such grant on the basis of the related costs incurred and recorded as a deduction from research and development
expenses. 

and , respectively. 

and for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. 

F- 16 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 2: - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

and , respectively. 

F- 17 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 2: - SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

million, subject to certain milestones being reached (the Loan ), receivable in three
tranches, with the first tranche consisting of million, second of million and third of million for a period
of from the signing of the Finance Contract. 

million of the Finance Contract. The amount received is due on and bears annual interest
of to be paid with the principal of the Loan. 

F- 18 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 2: - SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

and respectively (see note 10). 

F- 19 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 2: - SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

F- 20 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 2: - SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT.) 

Prepaid expenses 

Value Added Tax receivable 

Accounts receivable from the IIA 

Customer receivable 
 
 -

Other receivables 

Total 

Computers and peripheral equipment 

Office furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation: 

Laboratory equipment 

Computers and peripheral equipment 

Office furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Total accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expenses amounted to 
and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Most of the Company s property
and equipment is located in Israel. 

F- 21 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

Accrued payroll 

Derivatives instruments 
 -

Payroll institutions 

Total 

which are linked
to the consumer price index and will increase by in the event the Company exercises its Extension Option. In addition, the Company
has operating leases for vehicles that expire through fiscal year 2026. 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities long-term 

Total operating lease liabilities 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 and thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

F- 22 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 6: - LEASES (CONT.) 

Sublease income 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

for the
year ended June 30, 2022. There were no deferred participation payments for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

As of June 30, 2023, the weighted average
remaining lease term is years, and the weighted average discount rate is percent. As of June 30, 2022, the weighted average remaining
lease term is years, and the weighted average discount rate is percent. The discount rate was determined based on the estimated
collateralized borrowing rate of the Company, adjusted to the specific lease term and location of each lease. 

For vehicles, the lease period is usually
 years. 

million, subject to certain milestones being reached, receivable in three tranches, with the first tranche consisting of million,
second of million and third of million for a period of from the signing of the Finance Contract. 

The tranches will be treated independently,
each with its own interest rate and maturity period. The annual interest rate is (consisting of a deferred interest rate payable
upon maturity); for the first tranche, (consisting of a fixed interest rate and a deferred interest rate payable upon maturity)
for the second tranche and (consisting of a fixed interest rate and a deferred interest rate payable upon maturity) for the third
tranche. 

In addition to any interest payable
on the Loan, the EIB is entitled to receive royalties from future revenues for a period of seven years starting at the beginning of fiscal
year 2024 and continuing up to and including its fiscal year 2030 in an amount equal to between to of the Company s consolidated
revenues, pro-rated to the amount disbursed from the Loan. 

F- 23 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 7: - LOAN FROM THE EIB (CONT.) 

million of the Finance Contract. The amount received is due on June 1, 2026 and bears annual interest
of to be paid with the principal of the Loan. As of June 30, 2023, the linked principal balance in the amount of and the interest
accrued in the amount 

 of are presented among long-term
liabilities. Since the project period ended on December 31, 2022, the Company does not expect to receive additional funds pursuant to
the Finance Contract. 

The Finance Contract also contains
certain limitations such as the use of proceeds received from the EIB, limitations relate to disposal of assets, substantive changes in
the nature of the Company s business, changes in holding structure, distributions of future potential dividends and engaging with
other banks and financing entities for other loans. 

of cash and deposits was pledged by the Subsidiary to secure its credit line, lease agreement and bank guarantees. 

b. Under the Law for the Encouragement of Industrial Research and Development, 1984, (the Research Law ), research and development programs that meet specified criteria and are approved by the IIA are eligible for grants of up to of the project s expenditures, as determined by the research committee, in exchange for the payment of royalties from the sale of products developed under the program. Regulations under the Research Law generally provide for the payment of royalties to the IIA of on sales of products and services derived from a technology developed using these grants until of the U.S. dollar-linked grant is repaid. The Company s obligation to pay these royalties is contingent on its actual sale of such products and services. In the absence of such sales, no payment is required. The outstanding balance of the grants will be subject to interest at a rate equal to the 12 month LIBOR applicable to U.S. dollar deposits that is published on the first business day of each calendar year. Following the full repayment of the grant, there is no further liability for royalties. As of June 30, 2023, the Company s contingent liability in respect to royalties to the IIA amounted to , not including LIBOR interest as described above. 

c. In April 2017 the Company was awarded a Smart Money grant of approximately from Israel s Ministry of Economy and Industry to facilitate certain marketing and business development activities with respect to its advanced cell therapy products in the Chinese market, including Hong Kong. The Israeli government granted the Company budget resources that are intended to be used to advance the Company s product candidate towards marketing in the China-Hong Kong markets. The Company will also receive support from Israel s trade representatives stationed in China, including Hong Kong, along with experts appointed by the Smart Money program. As part of the program, the Company will repay royalties of from the Company s revenues in the region for a five-year period, beginning the year in which the Company will not be entitled to reimbursement of expenses under the program and will be spread for a period of up to years or until the amount of the grant is fully paid. As of June 30, 2023, the grant received from this Smart Money program was approximately , the program has ended, and no royalties were paid or accrued. 

d. In September 2017, the Company signed an agreement with the Tel-Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (Ichilov Hospital) to conduct a Phase I/II trial of PLX-PAD cell therapy for the treatment of Steroid-Refractory Chronic Graft-Versus-Host-Disease cGVHD ). As part of the agreement with Ichilov Hospital, the Company will pay royalties of from its net sales of the PLX-PAD product relating to cGVHD, with a maximum aggregate royalty amount of approximately . 

F- 24 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 8: - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONT.) 

under the Shalav program of the Israeli Ministry of Economy and Industry. The grant is intended to facilitate certain marketing and business development activities with respect to the Company s advanced cell therapy products in the U.S. market. As part of the program, the Company will repay royalties of , but only with respect to the Company s revenues in the U.S. market in excess of of its revenues in fiscal year 2018, upon the earlier of the period beginning the year in which the Company will not be entitled to reimbursement of expenses under the program and/or until the amount of the grant, which is linked to the consumer price index, is fully paid. As of June 30, 2023, the aggregate amount of the grant received is approximately and no royalties were paid or accrued. 

f. 
 As to potential royalties to the EIB, see note 7. 

to with a par value of per share. All shares have equal voting rights and are entitled to one vote per share in all matters to be voted upon by shareholders and may be issued only as fully paid and non-assessable shares. Holders of the common shares are entitled to equal ratable rights to dividends and distributions, as may be declared by the Board of Directors (the Board out of funds legally available. The Company s authorized preferred shares consist of preferred shares, par value per share, with series, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as may be designated from time to time by the Board. No preferred shares have been issued. 

Between December 13, 2022 and December 27, 2022, the Company entered
into a series of securities purchase agreements with several purchasers for an aggregate of common shares and warrants, to
purchase up to common shares. On December 13, 2022, the Company executed securities purchase agreements to sell, at a purchase
price of per share, up to common shares and warrants to purchase up to common shares, with an exercise price
of per share and a term of three years. On December 14, 2022, the Company executed securities purchase agreements to sell, at a
purchase price of per share, up to common shares and warrants to purchase up to common shares, with an exercise
price of per share and a term of three years. On December 15, 2022, the Company executed securities purchase agreements to sell,
at a purchase price of per share, up to common shares and warrants to purchase up to common shares, with an exercise
price of per share and a term of three years. On December 19, 2022, the Company executed a securities purchase agreement to sell,
at a purchase price of per share, up to common shares and warrants to purchase up to common shares, with an exercise
price of per share and a term of three years. On December 27, 2022, the Company executed a securities purchase agreement to sell,
at a purchase price of per share, up to common shares and warrants to purchase up to common shares, with an exercise
price of per share and a term of three years (see also item e). The warrants sold in the December 2022 private placement will be
exercisable six months from their issuance date. As of June 30, 2023, the Company issued common shares and warrants that relates
to the December 2022 private placement and received , net of that were recorded as issuance expenses. 

F- 25 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 9: - SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONT.) 

a. Options to consultants: 

- 

Share options granted 

- 

Share options forfeited 

() 

Share options outstanding at end of the period 

Share options exercisable at the end of the period 

Share options unvested 

Share options vested and expected to vest at the end of the period 

Share options forfeited 

() 

Share options outstanding at end of the period 

Share options exercisable at the end of the period 

Share options unvested 

- 

Share options vested and expected to vest at the end of the period 

F- 26 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 9: - SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONT.) 

b. Options to employees: 

A summary of the share options granted to employees under
the Plans by the Subsidiary is as follows: 

Share options outstanding at the end of the period 

Share options exercisable at the end of the period 

Share options unvested 

Share options vested and expected to vest at the end of the period 

As of June 30, 2023, the aggregate
intrinsic value of these options was . 

F- 27 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 9: - SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONT.) 

of his annual cash salary for the next
twelve months in return for equity grants, issuable under the Company s existing equity compensation plans. In that regard, the
Company granted Mr. Yanay (i) RSUs, vesting ratably each month (see also item c), and (ii) per share. All of these options were granted
in December 2022 and will expire three years from the last vesting date. 

All options were granted in January 2023 and will expire from the later of the last vesting
date or the date which the Company increased its authorized share capital (see also item (1)). 

Compensation expenses recorded in
general and administrative expenses related to options granted by the Subsidiary to the Chief Executive Officer for the year ended June
30, 2023 were . There were no compensation expenses recorded in general and administration expenses related to options granted
to employees for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Unamortized compensation expenses
related to options granted to the Chief Executive Officer by the Subsidiary is approximately to be recognized by the end of December
2023. 

c. 
 RSUs to employees and directors: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Unvested at the end of the period 

Expected to vest after the end of period 

F- 28 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 9: - SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONT.) 

General and administrative expenses 

Unamortized compensation expenses related
to RSUs granted to employees and directors by Pluri and its Subsidiary is approximately to be recognized by the end of June 2026. 

General and administrative expenses
include: 

1 - Compensation expenses for the year
ended June 30, 2022, in the amount of were related to ordinary shares of Ever After that were allocated during
February 2022 to the Company s Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, each pursuant to the terms of their
respective employment and/or consulting agreements (see also note 1e). 

2 - Market-based awards: 

In September 2020, the Company granted
its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer an aggregate of RSUs each) under the Plans. The RSUs will vest in full upon
the achievement of a milestone of the Company increasing the market capitalization of its common shares on the Nasdaq Global Market to
 within no more than three years from the date of grant. 

For market-based awards, the Company
determines the grant-date fair value utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation model, which incorporates various assumptions including expected
share price volatility, risk-free interest rates, and the expected date of a qualifying event. The Company estimates the volatility of
the common shares based on its historical share price volatility for a period of years from the grant date based on the daily changes
in the share price. The risk-free interest rate is based on the zero-coupon yield of U.S. Treasury bonds for the expiration date of the
RSUs. 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

The Company recognizes compensation
expenses for the value of its market-based awards based on the results of the Monte Carlo valuation model. The fair value of the market-based
awards granted on the grant date was per share and the expected time for the market condition to be achieved, based on the Monte
Carlo valuation model, is thirteen and a half months from the date of the grant. For the year ended June 30, 2022 the Company recognized
 of expenses included in general and administrative expenses. There were no expenses related to this grant for the year ended June
30, 2023. 

3 - Compensation expenses for the year
ended June 30, 2023, in the amount of were related to RSUs, vesting ratably each month (see also item b). 

F- 29 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 9: - SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONT.) 

Granted 
 -

Vested 

Unvested at the end of the period 

Compensation expenses related to RSUs
granted to consultants by the Subsidiary were recorded as follows: 

General and administrative expenses 

e. 

Total warrants 

Options: 

Total options 

Total warrants and options 

This summary does not include RSUs that are not
vested as of June 30, 2023. 

F- 30 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 9: - SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONT.) 

per share minimum required for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) MBPR ). The Notice has no effect on the listing of the Company s common shares at this time, and the common shares continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol PLUR. 

Under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A),
if during the 180 calendar day period following the date of the Notice the closing bid price of the common shares is at or above 1.00
for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Company will regain compliance with the MBPR and the Company s common shares
will continue to be eligible for listing on Nasdaq, absent noncompliance with any other requirement for continued listing. The compliance
period Compliance Period to comply with the MBPR will expire on October 16, 2023. 

If the Company does not regain
compliance with the MBPR by the end of the Compliance Period, then under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(i), the Company may
transfer to The Nasdaq Capital Market, provided that the Company meets the applicable market value of publicly held shares
requirement for continued listing as well as all other standards for initial listing of the common shares on the Nasdaq Capital
Market (other than the MBPR), and notifies Nasdaq of the Company s intention to cure the deficiency. Following a transfer to
The Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company may be afforded an additional 180-days to regain compliance with the MBPR. 

The Company intends to monitor the
closing bid price of its common shares and may, if appropriate, consider implementing available options to regain compliance with the
MBPR under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, including initiating a reverse stock split. 

Bank and broker commissions 

Interest income on deposits 

Loss from hedging derivatives 

Financial income (expenses), net 

EIB loan interest expenses 

F- 31 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

, which is the result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act ). Such corporate tax
rate excludes state tax and local tax, if any, which rates depend on the state and city in which Pluri conducts its business. 

The Tax Act provided for a one-time
transition tax on certain foreign earnings for the tax year 2017, and taxation of Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI earned by foreign subsidiaries beginning after December 31, 2017. The GILTI tax imposes a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed
return on tangible assets of foreign corporations. The Tax Act also makes certain changes to the depreciation rules and implements new
limits on the deductibility of certain executive compensation paid by Pluri all losses generated after December 31, 2017 can only be
used to offset of net income in the year they will be utilized. 

There was no one-time transition tax
for the Company under the Tax Act, nor will there be GILTI tax due for the current year, since the Subsidiary had losses for every year
to date. 

In January 2018, Pluri Inc. registered
as an Israeli resident with the Israel Tax Authority (the ITA and the Israeli Value Added Tax Authorities. As a result,
as of such date, Pluri Inc. is classified as a dual resident for tax purposes both in Israel and the United States. 

In June 2018, Pluri Inc. and the
Subsidiary submitted an election notice to the ITA to file a consolidated tax return in Israel commencing with the 2018 tax year. 

2. The Subsidiary: 

Consolidated taxable income of Pluri
and the Subsidiary (the Consolidated tax unit is subject to tax at the rate of for the years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022. 

The consolidated tax unit is filing
its consolidated tax reports in U.S. dollars based on specific regulations of the ITA which allow, in specific circumstances, filing
tax reports in U.S. dollars Dollar Regulations ). Under the Dollar Regulations, the tax liability is calculated in U.S.
dollars according to certain orders. The tax liability, as calculated in dollars, is translated into NIS according to the exchange rate
as of June 30 of each year. 

The Subsidiary has not received final
tax assessments since its incorporation; however the assessments of the Subsidiary are deemed final through 2017. 

The Law for the Encouragement of
Capital Investments, 1959 (the Law ): 

The Subsidiary has programs which meet
the criteria of a Beneficiary Enterprise , in accordance with the Law, under the Alternative Benefit Track starting with
2007 as the election year (the 2007 Program and 2012 as an election year to the expansion of its Beneficiary Enterprise 
program (the 2012 Program ). 

Under the 2012 Program, the Subsidiary,
which was located in the Other National Priority Zone with respect to the year 2012, would be tax exempt in the first two
years of the benefit period and subject to tax at the reduced rate of - for a period of five to eight years for the remaining benefit
period (dependent on the level of foreign investments). 

F- 32 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 11: - TAXES ON INCOME (CONT.) 

- , dependent on the level of foreign investments) and
to a withholding tax rate of (or lower, under an applicable tax treaty). 

Accelerated depreciation: 

The Subsidiary is eligible for deduction
of accelerated depreciation on buildings, machinery and equipment used by the Beneficiary Enterprise at a rate of 
(or for buildings but not more than depreciation per year) from the first year of the asset s operation. 

Conditions for the entitlement to
the benefits: 

The above-mentioned benefits are conditional
upon the fulfillment of the conditions stipulated by the Law, regulations promulgated thereunder, and the Ruling with respect to the
Beneficiary Enterprise. Non-compliance with the conditions may cancel all or part of the benefits and require the refund of the amount
of the benefits, including interest. The Company s management believes that the Subsidiary is meeting the aforementioned conditions. 

Amendments to the Law: 

In December 2010, the Knesset 
(Israeli Parliament) passed the Law for Economic Policy for 2011 and 2012 (Amended Legislation), 2011, which prescribes, among others,
amendments in the Law Amendment No. 68 ). Amendment No. 68 became effective as of January 1, 2011. According to Amendment
No. 68, the benefit tracks in the Law were modified and a flat tax rate became applicable to a company for all preferred income under
its status as a preferred company with a preferred enterprise. 

On August 5, 2013, the Knesset issued
the Law for Changing National Priorities (Legislative Amendments for Achieving Budget Targets for 2013 and 2014), 2013 which consists
of Amendment No. 71 to the Law Amendment No. 71 ). According to Amendment No. 71, the tax rate on preferred income from
a preferred enterprise in 2014 and thereafter will be (in development area A it will be ). 

Amendment No. 71 also prescribes that
any dividends distributed to individuals or foreign residents from the preferred enterprise s earnings as above will be subject
to tax at a rate of . 

F- 33 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 11: - TAXES ON INCOME (CONT.) 

on IP-based income and on capital gains from future sale of IP. 

The rate would apply to qualifying
Israeli companies that are part of a group with global consolidated revenue of over NIS billion (approximately ). Other qualifying
companies with global consolidated revenue below NIS 10 billion would be subject to a tax rate. 

However, if the Israeli company is located
in Jerusalem or in certain northern or southern parts of Israel, the tax rate is further reduced to . Additionally, withholding tax
on dividends for foreign investors would be subject to a reduced rate of for all qualifying companies (unless further reduced by a
treaty). 

Entering the regime is not conditioned
on making additional investments in Israel, and a company could qualify if it invested at least of the last three years revenue
in R D (or incurred at least NIS million in R D expenses per year) and met one of the following three conditions: 

1. At least of its employees are
R D employees engaged in R D (or employs, in total, more than 200 R D employees); 

2. Venture capital investments in the
aggregate of NIS 8 million were previously made in the company; or 

3. Average annual growth over three
years of in sales or employees. 

F- 34 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 11: - TAXES ON INCOME (CONT.) 

in 2023). 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company s
management believes that the Company meets the conditions mentioned above to be considered as a Technological Preferred Enterprise. 

3. Pluristem GmbH: 

The corporate tax rate applicable to
the German Subsidiary is , which is derived from the German Corporation Tax Act and Solidarity surcharge of from the corporate
tax rate. This corporate tax rate excludes trade tax, which rate depends on the municipality in which the German Subsidiary conducts
its business. Trade tax is calculated by determining the Trade Tax Base with of the trade income and applying the tax factor which
differs according to the specific municipality in Germany and equals for the municipality of Potsdam. 

4. Ever After: 

Ever After is an Israeli tax resident
and is subject to corporate income tax at the rate of . 

b. 
 Carryforward losses for tax purposes 

As of June 30, 2023, Pluri had a U.S.
federal net operating loss carryforward for income tax purposes in the amount of . Net operating loss carryforwards arising in
taxable years, can be carried forward and offset against taxable income for 20 years and thus will expire between 2022 and 2037. Net operating
losses generated in tax years 2002 and 2003 have expired and were reduced from the total net operating loss carryforward available. 

Utilization of U.S. net operating losses
may be subject to substantial annual limitations due to the change in ownership provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses before utilization. 

The Subsidiary has accumulated losses,
for tax purposes, as of June 30, 2023, in the amount of approximately , which may be carried forward and offset against taxable
business income and business capital gain in the future for an indefinite period. 

F- 35 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 11: - TAXES ON INCOME (CONT.) 

, which may be carried forward and offset
against taxable business income and business capital gain in the future for an indefinite period. 

The German Subsidiary has accumulated
losses, for tax purposes, as of June 30, 2023, in the amount of approximately , which may be carried forward and offset against taxable
business income and business capital gain in the future for an indefinite period. 

c. Loss before income taxes 

Pluristem GmbH 

d. Deferred income taxes: 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net
tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Research and development credit carryforwards 

Issuance costs 
 
 -

Allowances and reserves 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company
has provided full valuation allowances with respect to the deferred tax assets resulting from tax loss carryforwards and other temporary
differences, since it has a history of operating losses and due to current uncertainty concerning its ability to realize these deferred
tax assets in the future. 

The Company accounts for its income
tax uncertainties in accordance with ASC 740 which clarifies the accounting for uncertainties in income taxes recognized in a Company s
financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. 

F- 36 

PLURI INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS 
 
 U.S. Dollars in thousands (except share and per share amounts) 

NOTE 11: - TAXES ON INCOME (CONT.) 

to to the effective tax rate is tax loss carryforward and R D credit
carryforward for which a full valuation allowance was provided. 

common shares, which shall vest quarterly over a one
year period, at an exercise price of per share, under the 2016 Plan, in accordance with the terms of the 2016 Plan. 

b. Pursuant to a shelf registration on Form S-3 filed on July 20, 2023, which we intend to obtain the effectiveness of in the near term, the Company may elect, from time to time, to offer and sell common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to . 

c. On August 31, 2023, Ever After entered into a Simple Agreement for
Future Equity (the SAFE Agreement with an investor (the Investor ). Pursuant to the terms of the SAFE Agreement,
Ever After will receive an aggregate amount of (the SAFE Amount ). In the event of a qualified equity financing,
as defined in the SAFE Agreement, the investment made pursuant to the SAFE Agreement will be automatically converted into the number of
shares of Ever After based on the lowest purchase amount multiplied by a discount price of . 

F- 37 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation
under the supervision of our CEO and CFO (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), regarding the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of June
30, 2023. Based on the aforementioned evaluation, management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of June 30, 2023. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting has
been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Our internal control over
financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting on June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework .
Based on that assessment under those criteria, management has determined that, as of June 30, 2023, our internal control over financial
reporting was effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

On September 7, 2023, we provided
a formal notice of termination of the ATM Agreement with Jefferies, which took effect on September 8, 2023. 

During the three months ended June 30, 2023, no
director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

40 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Our directors and executive
officers, their ages, positions currently held, and duration of such, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position Held with Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Zami Aberman 
 
 Chairman 
 
 69 
 
 June 2019 
 
 Yaky Yanay 
 
 President 
Director 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 52 
 
 February 2014 
 February 2015 
June 2019 
 
 Chen Franco-Yehuda 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 40 
 
 March 2019 
 
 Lorne
Abony 
 
 Director 
 
 54 
 
 July 2023 
 
 Doron Birger 
 
 Director 
 
 72 
 
 July 2021 
 
 Rami Levi 
 
 Director 
 
 61 
 
 June 2021 
 
 Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen 
 
 Director 
 
 54 
 
 June 2021 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief account
of the education and business experience of each director and executive officer during at least the past five years, indicating each
person s principal occupation during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which they were employed. 

Zami Aberman 

Mr. Aberman joined the Company
in September 2005 and has served as our Chairman since January 2022, as Executive Chairman from June 2019 until December 2021, as our
Co-Chief Executive Officer from March 2017 until June 2019, as our CEO from November 2005 until March 2017, and as President of the Company
from September 2005 until February 2014. When he joined the Company, he changed the Company s strategy towards cellular therapeutics.
Mr. Aberman s vision to use the maternal section of the placenta (Decidua) as a source for cell therapy, combined with the Company s
3D culturing technology, led to the development of our products. Since November 2005, Mr. Aberman has served as a director of the Company,
and since April 2006, as Chairman of the Board. He has 40 years of experience in marketing and management in the high technology industry.
Mr. Aberman has held the CEO and Chairman positions of various companies located in Israel, the United States, Europe, Japan and Korea. 

Mr. Aberman has operated within
high-tech global companies in the fields of automatic optical inspection, network security, video over IP, software, chip design and
robotics. He serves as the chairman of Rose Hitech Ltd., a private investment company. He previously served as the chairman of VLScom
Ltd., a private company specializing in video compression for HDTV and video over IP and as a director of Ori Software Ltd., a company
involved in data management. Prior to holding those positions, Mr. Aberman served as the President and CEO of Elbit Vision System Ltd.
(EVSNF.OB), now part of the USTER Group, a company engaged in automatic optical inspection. Before joining the Company, Mr. Aberman served
as President and CEO of Netect Ltd., a company specializing in the field of internet security software and was the co-founder, President
and CEO of Associative Computing Ltd., which developed an associative parallel processor for real-time video processing. He also served
as Chairman of Display Inspection Systems Inc., specializing in laser-based inspection machines and as President and CEO of Robomatix
Technologies Ltd. 

In 1992, Mr. Aberman was awarded
the Rothschild Prize for excellence in his field from the President of the State of Israel. Mr. Aberman holds a B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering
from Ben Gurion University in Israel. 

We believe that Mr. Aberman s
qualifications to sit on our Board include his unique multidisciplinary innovative approach, years of experience in the financial markets
in Israel and globally, as well as his experience in serving as the CEO of publicly traded entities. 

41 

Yaky Yanay 

Mr. Yanay became a director
of the Company in February 2015. He has served as our President from February 2014 and as our CEO from June 2019, previously serving
as Co-CEO from March 2017. Mr. Yanay has served in variety of executive positions in Pluri since 2006 including as our CFO from November
2006 until February 2014 and from February 2015 until March 2017. He also served as our Chief Operating Officer from February 2014 until
March 2017. From November 2006 to February 2014, he served as our Secretary and served as our Executive Vice President from March 2013
until February 2014. From 2015 to 2018, Mr. Yanay served as the Co-Chairman of Israel Advanced Technology Industries (IATI), the largest
umbrella organization representing Israel s high tech and life science industries and since August 2012 has continually served
as a Director of IATI, representing Israel s life sciences industry. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Yanay founded and served
as Chairman of The Israeli Life Science Forum and also served as the CFO of Elbit Vision Systems Ltd., a public company.
In addition, from July 2010 to April 2018, he served on the Board of Directors of Elbit Vision Systems Ltd. Prior to these positions,
Mr. Yanay served as manager of audit groups of the technology sector at Ernst Young Israel. 

Mr. Yanay holds a bachelor s
degree with honors in business administration and accounting from the College of Management Academic Studies of Rishon LeZion, Israel,
and is a Certified Public Accountant in Israel. 

We believe that Mr. Yanay s
qualifications to sit on our Board include his years of experience in the medical technology industry, his vast skill and expertise in
accounting and economics, as well as his knowledge and familiarity with corporate finance. 

Chen Franco-Yehuda 

Ms. Franco-Yehuda was appointed
as CFO, Treasurer, and Secretary of Pluri, effective in March 2019. She is responsible for managing financial and corporate strategy,
and is also in charge of the finance, IT, investor relations, PR and legal departments. Prior to being appointed as our CFO, Ms. Franco-Yehuda
served as the Company s Head of Accounting and Financial Reporting since July 2016 and, prior to that, the Company s Controller
since May 2013. Before joining the Company, from October 2008 to April 2013, Ms. Franco-Yehuda served as a manager of audit groups relating
to public and private companies in various industries at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) and also as a lecturer of accounting classes at
the Open University of Israel from 2009 to 2014. Mrs. Franco-Yehuda also serves as a member of the board of directors of Brenmiller Energy
Ltd. (Nasdaq: BNRG) since August 2022 and a director at Ever After Foods since February 2022. 

Ms. Franco-Yehuda holds a
bachelor s degree with honors in economics and accounting from Haifa University, Israel, and is a certified public accountant in
Israel. 

Lorne Abony 

Mr. Lorne Abony became a director
of the Company in July, 2023. Mr. Abony, is an experienced entrepreneur who has decades of experience building and scaling multi-billion-dollar
global businesses both public and private companies across multiple industries. He has served as a member of the board
of directors of Yooma Wellness Inc. (CSE: YOOM), a company that markets, distributes and sells wellness products, including
hemp seed oil and hemp-derived and cannabinoid products, since June 2020, of Einride AB, a freight technology company, since December
2021, of Amy Insights Inc., a company that simplifies sales performance tracking, since August 2022, and of VitroLabs Inc., a company
that manufactures leather using stem cell-based technologies, since June 2023. Mr. Abony previously served as a member of the board of
directors of Emmac Life Sciences Ltd., a medicinal cannabis company, from February 2018 to March 2021. Mr. Abony received his undergraduate
degree magna cum laude from McGill University and after graduating from the University of Windsor law school in 1994 with an LL.B and
the University of Detroit Mercy with a J.D. (Juris Doctor), he practiced corporate and securities law at a large Toronto law firm. Mr.
Abony subsequently earned his MBA from Columbia Business School and embarked upon his successful and continuing entrepreneurial career. 

We believe that Mr. Abony s
qualifications to sit on our Board include his experience in building and scaling global businesses, vast experience in capital markets
and strategic planning, and his experience in the cellular agriculture and cultivated food sectors. 

Doron Birger 

Mr. Birger became a director
of the Company in July 2021. Mr. Birger has been serving as the chairman of the board of directors of Sight Diagnostic Ltd. since June
2014 and as interim CEO from July 2022, as chairman of the board of directors of Nurami Medical Ltd., or Nurami, from April 2016 to March
2022, and is currently a director of Nurami, Ultrasight Medical Imaging Ltd. from June 2019, Intelicanna Ltd. (TASE: INTL) from April
2021 until April 2022, Matricelf Ltd. (TASE:MTLF from December 2020, Galooli from September 21 and as a director of IceCure Medical
Ltd. (TASE: ICCM) since August 2012, Vibrant Ltd. since December 2014 until March 2023, Hera Med Ltd. (ASX: HMD) since November 2019,
Citrine Global (OTC: CTGL) since March 2020, Kadimastem Ltd. (TASE: KDST) since December 2020 and Netiv Ha or, a subsidiary of the
Israel Electric Corporation Ltd., since March 2020 until March 2023, and as chairman and director in a variety of non-profit organizations.
Prior to that, Mr. Birger has served as member of the board of directors of MCS Medical Compression Systems (DBN) Ltd. (TASE:MDCL) from
March 2015 to May 2018, Mekorot National Water Company Ltd. from November 2015 to November 2018, and chairman of the board of directors
of Insulin Medical Ltd. (TASE: INSL) from March 2016 to August 2017, IOPtima Ltd. from June 2012 to June 2019, MST Medical Surgical Technologies
Ltd. from August 2009 to June 2019, Highcon Ltd. from November 2014 to January 2018, Magisto Ltd. from September 2009 to July 2019, Real
Imaging Ltd. from November 2018 to April 2019 and Medigus Ltd. (Nasdaq and TASE: MDGS) from May 2015 to September 2018. Mr. Birger holds
a BA and MA in economics from the Hebrew University, Israel. 

We believe that Mr. Birger s
qualifications to sit on our Board include his extensive experience in the high-tech sector and life-science industry, his experience
serving as a director of public companies, his vast skill and expertise in accounting and economics as well as his knowledge and familiarity
with corporate finance. 

42 

Rami Levi 

Mr. Levi became a director
of the Company in June 2021. Mr. Levi is the Founder and President of Catalyst Group International, LLC where, since 2009, he has provided
consulting services relating to strategic planning to notable clients in the private and public sectors. From 2004 to 2006, he served
as Senior Deputy General and Head of Marketing Administration at Israel s Ministry of Tourism. He holds an MA with Honors in Political
Science from The Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 

We believe that Mr. Levi s
qualifications to sit on our Board include his experience in strategic planning, business development and activities in the government
sector. 

Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen 

Ms. Shemesh-Rasmussen became
a director of the Company in June 2021. Ms. Shemesh-Rasmussen has served as the Chief Commercial Officer of Octave Bioscience, Inc. since
February 2021. Prior to this role, Ms. Shemesh-Rasmussen served as the Global Head of Marketing at Roche Diagnostics Information Solutions
between 2018 and 2020. Between 2016 and 2018, she was a consultant to Fitango Health, Inc. where she focused on marketing and business
development. Between 2013 and 2016, she led Product Marketing at the Oracle Health Sciences Global Business Unit, as well as Marketing
and Business Development in the Oracle Digital Health Innovation Unit. Prior to these positions, Ms. Shemesh-Rasmussen was the founder
and president of Rasmussen Communication, Inc. In addition, Ms. Shemesh-Rasmussen served as Vice President at JPMorgan Chase Bank from
2002 until 2007. Ms. Shemesh-Rasmussen holds a BA in Behavioral Sciences from Ben Gurion University. 

We believe that Ms. Shemesh-Rasmussen s
qualifications to sit on our Board include her experience in marketing for pharmaceutical companies, science, business development and
investment banking. 

There are no family relationships between any of
the directors or officers named above. 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Until April 27, 2023, the
members of our Audit Committee were Mr. Doron Birger, Mrs. Varda Shalev and Ms. Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen. Mrs. Varda Shalev was not re-nominated
as a director for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, held on April 27, 2023, or the 2023 Annual Meeting, and her membership on the
Board and Audit Committee terminated on April 27, 2023. Immediately following the vacancy, the Board appointed Mr. Rami Levy to serve
on the Audit Committee. Following his appointment to the Board in July 2023, the Board appointed Mr. Lorne Abony to serve on the Audit
Committee in place of Mr. Levy as of July 11, 2023. Mr. Birger is the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and our Board has determined that
all members of the Audit Committee are independent as defined by the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq rules and regulations.
The Board also determined that Mr. Birger is an Audit Committee financial expert. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter
that is posted on our website at www.pluri-biotech.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual
Report. The primary responsibilities of our Audit Committee include: 

Appointing, compensating and
retaining our registered independent public accounting firm; 

Overseeing the work performed
by any outside accounting firm; 

Assisting the Board in fulfilling
its responsibilities by reviewing: (i) the financial report provided by us to the SEC, our shareholders or to the general public, and
(ii) our internal financial and accounting controls; and 

Recommending, establishing and
monitoring procedures designed to improve the quality and reliability of the disclosure of our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our Audit Committee held six meetings during fiscal year 2023. 

43 

Compensation Committee 

Until April 27, 2023, the
members of our Compensation Committee were Mr. Rami Levi, Mrs. Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen and Mrs. Varda Shalev. Mrs. Varda Shalev was not
re-nominated as a director for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, held on April 27, 2023, and her membership on the Board and Compensation
Committee terminated as of April 27, 2023. Immediately following the vacancy, the Board appointed Mr. Doron Birger to serve on the Compensation
Committee. Following his appointment to the Board in July 2023, the Board appointed Mr. Lorne Abony to serve on the Compensation Committee
in place of Mr. Birger as of July 11, 2023. Ms. Shemesh-Rasmussen is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. The Board has determined
that all of the members of the Compensation Committee are independent as defined by the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq rules
and regulations. The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter that is posted on our website at www.pluri-biotech.com. The
information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. The primary responsibilities of our Compensation
Committee include: 

Reviewing and recommending to
our Board of the annual base compensation, the annual incentive bonus, equity compensation, employment agreements and any other benefits
of our executive officers; 

Administering our equity-based
plans and making recommendations to our Board with respect to our incentive compensation plans and equity based plans; and 

Annually reviewing and making
recommendations to our Board with respect to the compensation policy for such other officers as directed by our Board. 

Our Compensation Committee
held five meetings during fiscal year 2023. 

Nominating Committee 

The members of our Nominating
Committee are Rami Levi and Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen. Mr. Levi is the Chairman of the Nominating Committee. The Board has determined
that all of the members of the Nominating Committee are independent as defined by the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq rules
and regulations. The Nominating Committee operates under a written charter that is posted on our website, www.pluri-biotech.com.
The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. The primary responsibilities of our Nominating
Committee include: 

Overseeing the composition and
size of the Board, developing qualification criteria for Board members and actively seeking, interviewing and screening individuals qualified
to become Board members for recommendation to the Board; 

Recommending the composition
of the Board for each annual meeting of shareholders; and 

Reviewing periodically with
the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer the succession plans relating to positions held by directors and making recommendations
to the Board with respect to the selection and development of individuals to occupy those positions. 

Director Nominations 

The Nominating Committee is
responsible for developing and approving criteria, with Board approval, for candidates for Board membership. The Nominating Committee
is responsible for overseeing the composition and size of the Board, developing qualification criteria for Board members and actively
seeking, interviewing and screening individuals qualified to become Board members for recommendation to the Board and for recommending
the composition of the Board for each of the Company s annual meetings. The Board as a whole is responsible for nominating individuals
for election to the Board by the shareholders and for filling vacancies on the Board that may occur between annual meetings of the shareholders. 

Nominees for director will
be selected on the basis of their integrity, business acumen, knowledge of our business and industry, age, experience, diligence, conflicts
of interest and the ability to act in the interests of all shareholders. No particular criteria will be a prerequisite or will be assigned
a specific weight, nor does the Company have a diversity policy. The Company believes that the backgrounds and qualifications of its
directors, considered as a group, should provide a composite mix of experience, knowledge and abilities that will allow the Board to
fulfill its responsibilities. 

44 

We have never received communications
from shareholders recommending individuals to any of our independent directors. Therefore, we do not yet have a policy with regard to
the consideration of any director candidates recommended by shareholders. In fiscal year 2023, we did not pay a fee to any third
party to identify or evaluate, or assist in identifying or evaluating, potential nominees for our Board. We have not received any
recommendations from shareholders for Board nominees. All of the nominees for election at the 2023 meeting of shareholders were current
members of our Board, at that time. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board has adopted a Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, members of our Board, our officers including our CEO (being our
principal executive officer) and our CFO (being our principal financial and accounting officer) and our employees. 

Our Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics is posted on our Internet website at www.pluri-biotech.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference
into this Annual Report. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver
from, a provision of our Code of Conduct by posting such information on the website address specified above. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table shows
the compensation owed to our CEO and our CFO, or our named executive officers, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. We
do not currently have any other executive officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year (1) 
 Salary ) (2) 
 Non-Equity Plan Compensation ) (3) 
 Share-based Awards ) (4) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Yaky Yanay 
 2023 
 414,086 (5) 
 128,058 
 2,169,642 (5) 
 33,787 (6) 
 2,742,573 
 
 CEO 
 2022 
 488,569 
 64,000 
 - 
 745,610 (8) 
 1,298,179 

Chen Franco-Yehuda 
 2023 
 284,096 
 66,062 
 - 
 25,081 (7) 
 375,239 
 
 CFO 
 2022 
 310,253 
 44,000 
 - 
 253,953 (9) 
 608,206 

(1) 
 The information is provided for each fiscal year, which
 begins on July 1 and ends on June 30. 

(2) 
 Amounts paid for Salary which were originally
 denominated in NIS, were translated into U.S. dollars at the then current exchange rate for each payment. The salaries of Mr. Yanay
 and Ms. Franco-Yehuda are comprised of base salaries and additional payments and provisions such as welfare benefits, paid time-off,
 life and disability insurance and other customary or mandatory social benefits to employees in Israel. 

(3) 
 For Mr. Yanay and Ms. Franco-Yehuda,
we have accrued, but have not yet paid, bonuses during fiscal year 2023 of 128,058 and 66,062 respectively, for certain target bonuses
as a result of the achievement of certain milestones that were defined by the Compensation Committee. We expect to pay such bonuses by
November 2023. 

45 

(4) 
 The fair value recognized for the share-based awards was determined as of the grant date in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification, or ASC, Topic 718. The assumptions used in the calculations for these amounts for fiscal year 2023 are included in Note 9 to our audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2023 and 2022 respectively, included elsewhere in this Annual Report (see also Grants of Plan-Based Awards table presented below). 

(5) 
 
 On December 14, 2022, Mr. Yanay, agreed to forgo,
 starting January 1, 2023, 375,000 of his annual cash salary for the next twelve months in return for equity grants, issuable under our
 existing equity compensation plans. In that regard, we granted Mr. Yanay (i) 334,821 RSUs, vesting ratably each month, and (ii) options
 to purchase 334,821 common shares, vesting ratably each month, with a term of 3 years, at an exercise price of 1.12 per share. In addition,
 the Board of Directors also agreed to grant Mr. Yanay options to purchase 1,500,000 common shares, with a term of 3 years, with the following
 terms: (i) options to purchase 500,000 common shares at an exercise price of 1.56 per share, 50 vesting on June 30, 2023 and 50 vesting
 on December 31, 2023, (ii) options to purchase 500,000 common shares at an exercise price of 2.08 per share, 50 vesting on June 30,
 2023 and 50 vesting on December 31, 2023, and (iii) options to purchase 500,000 common shares at an exercise price of 2.60 per share,
 50 vesting on June 30, 2023 and 50 vesting on December 31, 2023. All options were granted in January 2023 and will expire on April 27,
 2026. 

(6) 
 Includes costs in connection with car and mobile phone expenses for Mr. Yanay for fiscal year 2023. We have also paid Mr. Yanay the tax associated with the company car benefit, which is grossed-up and is part of the amount in the Salary column. 

(7) 
 Includes costs in connection with a company car or car expenses reimbursement and mobile phone expenses for Ms. Franco-Yehuda for fiscal year 2023. 

(8) 
 
 On February 26, 2022, the Subsidiary allocated
 19,987 of its shares in Ever After Foods to Mr. Yanay pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement. The fair value recognized for
 these shares was 705,000. 
 
 This column also includes costs in connection
 with car and mobile phone expenses for Mr. Yanay in the amount of 41,000 for fiscal year 2022. 
 
 We have also paid Mr. Yanay the tax associated
 with the company car benefit, which is grossed-up and is part of the amount in the Salary column. 

(9) 
 
 On February 26, 2022, the Subsidiary allocated
 6,562 of its shares in Ever After Foods to Ms. Franco-Yehuda pursuant to the terms of her employment agreement. The fair value recognized
 for these shares was 235,000. 
 
 This column also includes costs in connection
 with a company car or car expenses reimbursement and mobile phone expenses for Ms. Franco-Yehuda in the amount of 19,000 for Fiscal Year
 2022. 

46 

Employment and Consulting Agreements 

During fiscal year 2023, we
had the following written agreements and other arrangements concerning compensation with our named executive officers: 

(a) Starting January 1, 2021, until December 31, 2022 Mr. Yanay s
monthly salary is NIS 99,000, approximately 30,000 per month. On December 14, 2022, Mr. Yanay agreed to forgo, starting January 1, 2023,
 375,000 of his annual cash salary for the next twelve months in return for equity grants, issuable under our existing equity compensation
plans. In that regard, we granted Mr. Yanay (i) 334,821 RSUs, vesting ratably each month, and (ii) options to purchase 334,821 common
shares, vesting ratably each month, with a term of 3 years, at an exercise price of 1.12 per share. In addition, the Board of Directors
also agreed to grant Mr. Yanay options to purchase 1,500,000 common shares, with a term of 3 years, with the following terms: (i) options
to purchase 500,000 common shares at an exercise price of 1.56 per share, 50 vesting on June 30, 2023 and 50 vesting on December 31,
2023, (ii) options to purchase 500,000 common shares at an exercise price of 2.08 per share, 50 vesting on June 30, 2023 and 50 vesting
on December 31, 2023, and (iii) options to purchase 500,000 common shares at an exercise price of 2.60 per share, 50 vesting on June
30, 2023 and 50 vesting on December 31, 2023. All options were granted in January 2023 and will expire on April 27, 2026. Mr. Yanay
is provided with a cellular phone and a Company car pursuant to the terms of his agreement. Furthermore, Mr. Yanay is entitled to a performance-based
bonus of 1.5 from amounts received by us from non-diluting funding and strategic deals and a target bonus equal to up to seven times
his monthly salary subject to milestones and performance targets that was set by our Compensation Committee. The Board may also grant
Mr. Yanay a discretionary bonus of up to 3 months of his monthly salary. 

(b) Starting January 1, 2021, Ms.
Franco-Yehuda s monthly salary is NIS 65,000. Ms. Franco-Yehuda also receives cellular phone expense reimbursements and is entitled
to car expense reimbursements or Company car pursuant to the terms of her employment agreement. Furthermore, Ms. Franco-Yehuda is entitled
to a performance-based bonus of 0.5 from amounts received by us from non-diluting funding and strategic deals and a target bonus equal
to up to five and a half times her monthly salary, subject to milestones and performance targets that was set by our Compensation Committee.
The Board may also grant Ms. Franco-Yehuda a discretionary bonus of up to 3 months of her monthly salary. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination
or Change-in-Control 

We have no plans or arrangements
in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination
of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change-in-control) or a change of responsibilities following a change-in-control,
except for the following: (i) in the event of termination of Mr. Yanay employment, he is entitled to a severance payment, under Israeli
law, that equals a month s compensation for each twelve-month period of employment or otherwise providing services to the Company,
and an additional adjustment fee that equals the monthly base salary multiplied by six, plus the number of years the employment agreement
is in force from September 12, 2018, but in any event no more than nine months in the aggregate; and (ii) in the event of termination
of Ms. Franco-Yehuda s employment, she is entitled to a severance payment, under Section 14 of the Israeli Severance Pay Law, and
an adjustment fee that equals her monthly salary amount multiplied by three, plus the number of years the employment agreement remains
in force from June 30, 2020, but in any event no more than six years in the aggregate. 

In addition, Mr. Yanay and
Ms. Franco-Yehuda are entitled to acceleration of the vesting of their options and RSUs in the following circumstances: (1) if we terminate
their employment for a reason other than cause (as may be defined in each respective agreement), they will be entitled to acceleration
of 100 of any unvested awards and (2) if they resign, they will be entitled to acceleration of 50 of any unvested award, subject to
the approval of the Board. In addition, Mr. Yanay and Ms. Franco-Yehuda are also entitled to acceleration of 100 of any unvested award
in case of our change in control as defined in their respective employment agreements. 

In consideration with the
options and RSUs granted to Mr. Yanay in the amount of 334,821 each with respect to his acceptance to forgo part of his salary on December
14, 2022 and the options granted to Mr. Yanay in the amount of 1,500,000 as described above, the vesting of the options shall accelerate
in the following circumstances: (i) in case of the termination by the Company of the optionee s employment arrangement in the position
as CEO and President with the Company or any subsidiary, 100 of any unvested options; and (ii) in the event of a Change of Control,
100 of any unvested options. 

47 

For clarification purposes,
the acceleration mechanism detailed above does not apply to the 500,000 RSUs granted to our CEO in September 2020, that were linked to
the achievement of our market capitalization reaching of 550 million during the three-year period from the date of the grant. 

The following table displays
the value of what our CEO and CFO would have received from us had their employment been terminated, or a change in control of us happened
on June 30, 2023. 

Officer 
 Salary 
 Accelerated Vesting of RSUs (1) 
 Accelerated Vesting of Options (8) 
 Total 

Yaky Yanay 

Terminated due to officer resignation 
 547,332 (5) 
 60,156 (2) 
 - 
 607,488 
 
 Terminated due to discharge of officer 
 547,332 (5) 
 249,222 (3) 
 214,076 
 1,010,630 
 
 Change in control 
 - 
 249,222 (4) 
 214,076 
 463,298 

Chen Franco Yehuda 

Terminated due to officer resignation 
 105,405 (6) 
 12,031 (2) 
 - 
 117,436 
 
 Terminated due to discharge of officer 
 105,405 (6) 
 24,063 (7) 
 - 
 129,468 
 
 Change in control 
 - 
 24,063 (7) 
 - 
 24,063 

(1) 
 Value shown represents the difference between the closing
 market price of our common shares on June 30, 2023, of 0.77 per share and the applicable exercise price of each grant. 

(2) 
 Up to 50 of all unvested RSUs issued under the applicable
 equity incentive plans vest upon resignation under the terms of those plans, subject to the approval of the Board at its sole discretion. 

(3) 
 All unvested RSUs issued under the applicable equity incentive
 plans vest upon an involuntary termination due to discharge, except for cause, excluding 500,000 RSUs granted on September 10, 2020,
 that will vest upon achievement of increasing market capitalization of our common shares on the Nasdaq Global Market to 550 million
 within no more than 3 years from the date of grant. As of September 10, 2023, the conditions for vesting of the aforementioned
 RSUs were not met and the RSUs expired. 

(4) 
 All unvested RSUs issued under the applicable equity incentive plans vest upon a change in control under the terms of those plans excluding 500,000 RSUs granted on September 10, 2020, that will vest upon achievement of increasing market capitalization of our common shares on the Nasdaq Global Market to 550 million within no more than 3 years from the date of grant. As of September 10, 2023, the conditions for vesting of the aforementioned RSUs were not met and the RSUs expired. 

(5) 
 
 Pursuant to his employment agreement, in case
 of termination, Mr. Yanay is entitled to adjustment fees of 240,000. In addition, as of June 30, 2023, Mr. Yanay is eligible to receive
 severance payments of 307,000, out of which 247,000 have been accrued in his severance fund. Therefore, we will need to pay the difference
 between Mr. Yanay s eligibility to receive severance payment and the value of the fund, which as of June 30, 2023, amounted to 60,000. 

48 

(6) 
 Pursuant to her employment agreement,
in case of termination, Ms. Franco-Yehuda s is entitled to adjustment fees of 105,405 and not eligible to receive severance payments
since she is subject to Section 14 of the Israeli Severance Pay Law, 1963 Severance Pay Law ). 

(7) 
 All unvested RSUs issued under the applicable
equity incentive plans vest upon an involuntary termination due to discharge, except for cause, or upon a change in control. 

(8) 
 All unvested options issued under the applicable equity incentive plans
 vest upon an involuntary termination due to discharge, except for cause, or upon a change in control. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

We have no arrangements or
plans, except for those we are obligated to maintain pursuant to the Israeli law, under which we provide pension, retirement or similar
benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options, RSUs or restricted shares
at the discretion of our Board in the future. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at the
End of Fiscal Year 2023 

The following table presents
the outstanding equity awards held as of June 30, 2023, by our named executive officers, all of which have been issued pursuant to our
2019 Equity Compensation Plan, or the 2019 Plan, and 2016 Equity Compensation Plan, or the 2016 Plan: 

Name 
 Number
 of shares and options that have not vested 
 (#) 
 Market
 value of shares and options that have not vested 
 ) 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Number of shares that have not vested 
 (#) 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Market value of shares that have not vested 
 ) 
 
 Yaky Yanay 
 - 
 - 
 500,000
 (1) 
 385,000 

156,250 (2) 
 120,313 
 - 
 - 

167,415
 (3) 
 54,326 
 - 
 - 

167,415
 (4) 
 128,910 
 - 
 - 

750,000
 (5) 
 159,750 
 - 
 - 

Chen Franco-Yehuda 
 31,250
 (6) 
 24,063 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 500,000 RSUs granted on September 10 ,2020 vest in full
 upon milestone achievement of increasing our market capitalization on the Nasdaq Global Markets to 550 million within no more than
 three years from the date of grant. As of September 10, 2023, the conditions for vesting of the aforementioned RSUs were not met
 and the RSUs expired. 

(2) 
 156,250 RSUs vest in 5 equal installments of 31,250 on
 September 10, 2023, and every three months thereafter. 

(3) 
 167,415 options vests in 6 equal installments of 27,901 on July 31,
 2023, and every month thereafter, as part of his salary waiver as described above. 

49 

(4) 
 167,415 RSUs vest in 6 equal installments of 27,901 on
 July 31, 2023, and every month thereafter, as part of his salary waiver as described above. 

(5) 
 750,000 options vests in one installment on December 31,
 2023. 

(6) 
 31,250 RSUs vest in 5 equal installments of 6,250 on September
 10, 2023, and every three months thereafter. 

Long-Term Incentive Plans-Awards in Last Fiscal Year 

We have no long-term incentive
plans, other than the 2016 Plan and the 2019 Plan, described in Item 12 below. 

Director Compensation 

The following table provides
information regarding compensation earned by, awarded or paid to each person for serving as a director who is not an executive officer
during fiscal year 2023: 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Zami Aberman 
 123,694 
 123,694 
 
 Doron Birger 
 45,421 
 45,421 
 
 Varda Shalev (1) 
 29,955 
 29,955 
 
 Rami Levi 
 40,750 
 40,750 
 
 Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen 
 44,000 
 44,000 

(1) 
 Effective as of April 27, 2023, Ms. Varda Shalev, the Board
 and the Nominating Committee mutually agreed that Ms. Shalev would not be re-nominated as a director nominee. Such decision was not
 due to any disagreement on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

(2) 
 Excluding VAT. 

50 

As of June 30, 2023, we have
outstanding grants to our non-executive directors aggregating 1,579,915 RSUs of which 876,530 were exercisable or vested, as the case
may be, as follows: 

Name 
 Total of restricted shares and RSUs granted and outstanding 
 Total unvested restricted shares and RSUs. 
 
 Zami Aberman (1) 
 1,499,915 
 674,635 
 
 Doron Birger 
 20,000 
 11,250 
 
 Varda Shalev 
 20,000 
 - 
 
 Rami Levi 
 20,000 
 8,750 
 
 Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen 
 20,000 
 8,750 
 
 Total 
 1,579,915 
 703,385 

(1) 
 Includes 500,000 RSUs
granted on September 10, 2020, that will vest upon achievement of increasing market capitalization of our common shares on the Nasdaq
Global Market to 550 million within no more than 3 years from the date of grant. As of September 10, 2023, the conditions for vesting
of the aforementioned RSUs were not met and the RSUs expired. 

For all directors, the vesting
of directors share options, RSUs and restricted share accelerates in the following circumstances: (1) if the director is not re-nominated
to serve on the Board or the director is not re-elected by stockholders at a special or annual meeting, this will result in the acceleration
of 100 of any unvested award, and (2) the voluntary resignation of a director will result in the acceleration of up to 50 of any unvested
award subject to Board approval. In addition, a change in control will result in the acceleration of 100 of any unvested award of our
directors. 

Mr. Aberman serves as our
Chairman of the Board, and on January 1, 2023, we entered into a new consulting agreement, or the New Agreement, with Mr. Aberman pursuant
to which Mr. Aberman currently receives a yearly gross amount of 116,000 plus VAT 9,667 per month), payment will be made on a monthly
basis. On February 13, 2023, at the recommendation of our Compensation Committee, our Board approved, effective as of January 1, 2023,
a new arrangement of consulting fee of Mr. Aberman from NIS 30,500 per month to 116,000 per year. All amounts that were paid, were paid
plus value added tax. Mr. Aberman is also entitled, Subject to Board s discretion, a special bonus payment of up to US 75,000 for
extraordinary performance, or special efforts devoted on behalf of the Company. In addition, the Board of Directors or the Company s
Compensation Committee may decide to grant the Consultant with other bonus at the Board discretion. Mr. Aberman is also entitled to a
monthly car expenses reimbursement of NIS 4,000. 

Other than as described above,
we have no present formal plan for compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors. Directors are entitled
to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board
as per policy approved by our Compensation Committee. The Board may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special
services on our behalf other than services ordinarily required of a director. 

Other than indicated above,
no director received and/or accrued any compensation for his or her services as a director, including committee participation and/or
special assignments during fiscal year 2023. 

51 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth
certain information, to the best knowledge and belief of the Company, as of September 8, 2023 (unless provided herein otherwise), with
respect to holdings of our common shares by (1) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the total number
of our common shares outstanding as of such date; (2) each of our directors; (3) each of our named executive officers; and (4) all of
our directors and our executive officers as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
the address of Directors and Named Executive Officers listed below is c/o Pluri Inc., MATAM Advanced Technology Park, Building No. 5,
Haifa, Israel, 3508409. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Beneficial Number of Shares (1) 
 Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Yaky Yanay CEO, President and Director 
 2,121,811 (2) 
 5.01 

Chen Franco-Yehuda CFO 
 92,716 

Lorne Abony Director 
 25,000 (4) 

Doron Birger Director 
 11,250 

Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen Director 
 13,750 

Rami Levi Director 
 13,750 

Zami Aberman Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 960,403 (3) 
 2.32 

Directors and Executive Officers as a group (7 persons) 
 3 ,238,680 (5) 
 7.71 

5 Shareholders 

David M. Slager 
 2,305,877 (6) 
 5.58 

Shayna LP 
 3,599,621 (7) 
 8.70 

less than 1 

(1) Based
on 41,351,870 Common Shares issued and outstanding as of September 8, 2023. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial
owners of the Common Shares listed above, based on information furnished by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect
to such shares, subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules
of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. 

Shares subject to options, warrants
or right to purchase or through the conversion of a security currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within
60 days, are reflected in the table above and are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person
holding such option or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

52 

(2) 
 Includes a warrant to acquire up to 7,143
 shares and options to acquire 1,029,010 shares. 

(3) 
 Includes a warrant to acquire up to 7,143 shares 

(4) 
 Includes options to acquire up to 25,000 shares. 

(5) 
 Includes a warrant to acquire up to 14,286
shares and options to acquire up to 1,054,010 shares. 

(6) 
 Based solely
upon a Schedule 13G filed by Mr. Slager, Regals Capital Management LP, or Regals Management, and Regals Fund LP, or Regals Fund, with
the SEC on February 6, 2023. Regals Fund directly owned 1,554,939 shares. Regals Management, as the investment manager of Regals Fund,
may be deemed to beneficially own the shares owned directly by Regals Fund. Mr. Slager, as the managing member of the general partner
of Regals Management, may be deemed to beneficially own the shares beneficially owned by Regals Management, in addition to the 750,938
shares he owns directly, not including 486,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants which are subject to a blocker that prevents
the holder from exercising such warrants to the extent that, upon such exercise, the holder would beneficially own in excess
of 4.99 of the Common Shares outstanding. The address of each of the entities and individual referenced in this footnote is c/o Regals
Capital Management LP, 152 West 57th Street, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 

(7) 
 Based solely upon a Schedule 13G filed by Shayna LP, with the SEC on
February 16, 2023. Shayna directly owned 3,599,621 shares, not including 3,599,621 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants which
are subject to a blocker that prevents the holder from exercising such warrants to the extent that, upon such exercise, the holder
would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the Common Shares outstanding. The address of the entity referenced in this footnote is Shayna
LP, CO Services, P.O. Box 10008, Willow House, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1001, Cayman Islands. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

At our annual meeting of our
shareholders held on May 31, 2016, our shareholders approved the 2016 Plan. Under the 2016 Plan, options, restricted share and RSUs may
be granted to our officers, directors, employees and consultants or the officers, directors, employees and consultants of our subsidiary.
Under the 2016 Plan, the plan administrator is authorized to grant awards to acquire common shares, restricted shares and RSUs, in each
calendar year, in a number not exceeding 2.75 of the number of our common shares issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis on
the immediately preceding December 31. 

In addition, at our annual
meeting of our shareholders held on June 13, 2019, our shareholders approved the 2019 Plan. Under the 2019 Plan, options, restricted
shares and RSUs may be granted to our officers, directors, employees and consultants or the officers, directors, employees and consultants
of our subsidiary. Under the 2019 Plan, the plan administrator is authorized to grant options to acquire common shares, restricted shares
and RSUs in a number not exceeding 16 of the number common shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the grant of such awards
on a fully diluted basis. 

The following table summarizes
certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2023: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (2016 Plan and 2019 Plan) 
 
 Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 
 1,899,616 
 0.00001 
 6,547,093 

53 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Except for the arrangements
described in Item 11, during fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we did not participate in any transaction, and we are not currently participating
in any proposed transaction, or series of transactions, in which the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of
the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which, to our knowledge, any of our directors,
officers, five percent beneficial security holders, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons had, or will have,
a direct or indirect material interest. 

The Board has determined that
Lorne Abony, Doron Birger, Rami Levi, and Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen are independent directors, as defined by the rules of
the SEC and the Nasdaq rules and regulations. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES 

The fees for services provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm to the Company in the last two fiscal years were as follows: 

Fiscal year ended 
June 30, 
 2023 
 Fiscal year ended 
June 30, 
 2022 

Audit Fees 
 120,542 
 114,532 

Audit-Related Fees 
 5,573 
 6,214 

Tax Fees 
 47,823 
 14,624 

All Other Fees 
 2,625 
 36,975 

Total Fees 
 176,563 
 172,345 

Audit Fees . These fees
were comprised of (i) professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for our Annual
Report on Form 10-K, (ii) the review of our quarterly consolidated financial statements for our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, (iii)
audit services provided in connection with other regulatory or statutory filings. 

Audit-Related Fees .
These fees were comprised of fees related to the consent relates to our Form S-3 filings. 

Tax Fees. These fees
relate to our tax compliance and tax advisory projects. 

All Other Fees . These
fees were comprised of assistance in preparation of our periodical reports to the IIA. 

SEC rules require that before
the independent registered public accounting firm are engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service,
the engagement be: 

1. pre-approved by our Audit Committee;
or 

2. entered into pursuant to pre-approval
policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service,
the Audit Committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s
responsibilities to management. 

The Audit Committee pre-approves
all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved
by the Audit Committee before the services were rendered. 

As of June 30, 2023, we have
accrued approximately 61,000 for the annual audit fees for fiscal year 2023 and approximately 5,000 for other fees, which we expect
to pay PricewaterhouseCoopers during fiscal year 2024. 

54 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS. 

3.1 
 
 Composite Copy of the Company s Articles of Incorporation as amended on May 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2023). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws as amended on September 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 10, 2020). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Merger between Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. and Pluri Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our current report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Share Purchase Warrant dated April 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our current report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2019). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 10, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our current report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Summary of Lease Agreement dated January 22, 2003, by and between Pluristem Ltd. and MTM Scientific Industries Center Haifa Ltd., as supplemented on December 11, 2005, June 12, 2007 and July 19, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed September 12, 2011). 

10.2 
 
 Summary of Supplement to the Lease Agreement by and between Pluristem Ltd. and MTM Scientific Industries Center Haifa Ltd dated December 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Exclusive License and Commercialization Agreement dated June 26, 2013, between Pluristem Ltd. and CHA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 11, 2013). 

10.4+ 
 
 Summary of Directors Ongoing Compensation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 10, 2020). 

10.5+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. and each of our directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 8, 2021). 

10.6+ 
 
 2016 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 4, 2016). 

10.7+ 
 
 Form of Share Option Agreement under the 2016 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 7, 2016). 

55 

10.8+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Agreement under the 2016 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 7, 2016). 

10.9+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Agreement (Israeli directors and officers) under the 2016 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 7, 2016). 

10.10+ 
 
 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 25, 2019). 

10.11+ 
 
 Form of Share Option Agreement under the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 12, 2019). 

10.12+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Agreement under the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 12, 2019). 

10.13+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Agreement (Israeli directors and officers) under the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 12, 2019). 

10.14+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (executive officers) under the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 13, 2021). 

10.15+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (directors) under the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 13, 2021). 

10.16+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (employees) under the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 13, 2021). 

10.17+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement between Pluristem Ltd. and Mr. Zalman (Zami) Aberman dated January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2022). 

10.18+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Pluristem Ltd. and Yaky Yanay dated September 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 10, 2020). 

10.19+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Pluristem Ltd. and Chen Franco-Yehuda dated September 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 10, 2020). 

10.20+ 
 
 Letter agreement by and between Pluristem Ltd. and Chen Franco-Yehuda, dated September 13, 2021(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 13, 2021). 

10.21 
 
 Finance Contract between the European Investment Bank, as Lender, and Pluristem GmBH, as borrower, and Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. and Pluristem Ltd., as Original Guarantors, dated April 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 10, 2020). 

10.22 
 
 Guarantee Agreement by and among the European Investment Bank, Pluristem Therapeutics, Inc. and Pluristem GmbH, dated September 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2020). 

10.23 
 
 Guarantee Agreement by and among the European Investment Bank, Pluristem Ltd. and Pluristem GmbH dated, September 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2020). 

10.24 
 
 Open Market Sales Agreement, dated July 16, 2020, between the Company and Jefferies LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 of our registration statement on Form S-3 filed on July 16, 2020). 

56 

10.25+ 
 
 Letter agreement by and between Pluristem Ltd. and Rose High Tech Ltd., dated September 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 13, 2021). 

10.26+ 
 
 Letter agreement by and between Pluristem Ltd. and Yaky Yanay, dated September 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 13, 2021). 

10.27+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Consulting Agreement by and between Pluri Biotech Ltd. and Mr. Zalman (Zami) Aberman, dated February 13, 2023. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on February 13, 2023). 

10.28 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 5, 2022, by and among Tnuva Food-Tech Incubator (2019), Limited Partnership, Plurinuva Ltd. and Pluri-Biotech Ltd. (formerly Pluristem Ltd.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2022). 

10.29 
 
 Technology License Agreement, dated January 5, 2022, by and between Pluri-Biotech Ltd. (formerly Pluristem Ltd.) and Plurinuva Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2022). 

10.30 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our current report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 of our annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 21, 2022). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Kesselman Kesselman, Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of Yaky Yanay. 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of Chen Franco-Yehuda. 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Yaky Yanay. 

32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chen Franco-Yehuda. 

101 
 
 The following materials from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets,
 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Statements of Changes
 in Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as
 blocks of text and in detail. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
 in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

+ 
 Management contract or compensation plan. 

Certain identified information in the exhibit has been
 excluded from the exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly
 disclosed. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Pluri Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Yaky Yanay 

Yaky Yanay, Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: September 12, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Yaky Yanay 

Yaky Yanay, Chief Executive Officer, 
 President and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: September 12, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Chen Franco-Yehuda 

Chen Franco-Yehuda, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

Dated: September 12, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Zami Aberman 

Zami Aberman, Chairman of the Board 

Dated: September 12, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Lorne Abony 

Lorne Abony, Director 

Dated: September 12, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Doron Birger 

Doron Birger, Director 

Dated: September 12, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Rami Levi 

Rami Levi, Director 

Dated: September 12, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen 

Maital Shemesh-Rasmussen, Director 

Dated: September 12, 2023 

58 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2023ex23-1_pluriinc.htm
 CONSENT OF KESSELMAN & KESSELMAN, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-273347) and S-8 (Nos. 333.269736,
333.269734, 333-248685, 333-248686, 333-229535, 333-222888, 333-217770, 333-212299) of Pluri Inc. of our report dated September 12, 2023
relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Kesselman Kesselman 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited 

Haifa, Israel 
September 12, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex31-1_pluriinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Yaky Yanay, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, of Pluri, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) and have: 

a. 
 Designed such
 disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such
 internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
September 12, 2023 

/s/
 Yaky Yanay 

Yaky Yanay 

Chief Executive Officer,
 President 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-2_pluriinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Chen Franco-Yehuda, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, of Pluri, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) and have: 

a. 
 Designed such
 disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such
 internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the
 effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed in
 this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
September 12, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Chen Franco-Yehuda 

Chen Franco-Yehuda 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2023ex32-1_pluriinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pluri, Inc. (the Company for the period ended June 30, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, as the Chief Executive Officer
and President of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The R eport
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

Dated:
September 12, 2023 

/s/
 Yaky Yanay 

Yaky Yanay 

Chief Executive Officer, President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2023ex32-2_pluriinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pluri, Inc. (the Company for the period ended June 30, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, as the Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Re port
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
September 12, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Chen Franco-Yehuda 

Chen Franco-Yehuda 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 plur-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 plur-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 plur-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 plur-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 plur-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

