<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230726_10-K_edgar_data_66382_0000066382-23-000058.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28384214</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>384690</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>13233884</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7184887</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3889669</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3254461</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000066382-23-000058.hdr.sgml : 20230726
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230726161001
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000066382-23-000058
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		191
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230603
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230726
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230726

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MILLERKNOLL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000066382
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OFFICE FURNITURE [2520]
		IRS NUMBER:				380837640
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0603

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15141
		FILM NUMBER:		231113677

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		855 E MAIN AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 302
		CITY:			ZEELAND
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49464-0302
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6166543000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		855 E MAIN AVE
		CITY:			ZEELAND
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			49464

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERMAN MILLER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLER HERMAN INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLER HERMAN FURNITURE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690610

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000066382-23-000058.txt : 20230726

10-K
 1
 mlkn-20230603.htm
 10-K

mlkn-20230603 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 __________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 o 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant (for this purpose only, the affiliates of the registrant have been assumed to be the executive officers and directors of the registrant and their associates) as of December 3, 2022, was billion (based on 20.27 per share which was the closing sale price as reported by Nasdaq). As of July 17, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

MillerKnoll, Inc. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 
 Page No. Part I Item 1 Business 2 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 6 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 13 
 Item 2 Properties 14 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 15 
 Additional Item: Executive Officers of the Registrant 15 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 16 
 Part II Item 5 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 17 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 19 
 Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 44 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 48 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 98 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 98 
 Item 9B Other Information 98 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 98 
 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 99 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 99 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 99 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 100 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 100 
 Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 101 
 Exhibit Index 102 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 105 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 105 
 Signatures 106 

PART I 
 
 Item 1 Business 
 General Development of Business 
 MillerKnoll is a collective of dynamic brands that comes together to design the world we live in. From the spaces we make that help us live and work better, to how we manufacture our products, to the ways we solve challenges facing our customers and global community, design is our tool for creating positive impact. Our optimism leads us as we redefine modern for the 21st century, shaping a future that s more sustainable, caring, and beautiful for all people and our planet. 
 The Company researches, designs, manufactures and distributes interior furnishings for use in various environments including residential, office, healthcare and educational settings, and provides related services that support organizations and individuals all over the world. The Company s products are sold primarily through the following channels: independent contract furniture dealers, direct customer sales, owned and independent retailers, direct-mail catalogs, and the Company s eCommerce platforms. 
 In July 2021, the Company finalized the acquisition of Knoll, Inc. Knoll in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately 1.8 billion. 
 Powering the world's most dynamic design brands, MillerKnoll includes Herman Miller and Knoll , as well as Colebrook Bosson Saunders , DatesWeiser , Design Within Reach , Edelman Leather, Geiger , HAY , Holly Hunt , KnollTextiles , Maars Living Walls, Maharam , Muuto , NaughtOne , and Spinneybeck |FilzFelt . All of these companies are considered controlled subsidiaries, except for Maars of which the Company owns 48.2 of as of June 3, 2023. MillerKnoll's corporate offices are located at 855 East Main Avenue, PO Box 302, Zeeland, Michigan, 49464-0302 and its telephone number is 616 654 3000. Unless otherwise noted or indicated by the context, all references to "MillerKnoll," "we," "our," "Company" and similar references are to MillerKnoll, Inc. and its controlled subsidiaries. Further information relating to principles of consolidation is provided in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this report. 

2 

Segments 
 The Company has three reportable segments: Americas Contract ("Americas"), International Contract Specialty ("International Specialty"), and Global Retail ("Retail"). The Company also reports a corporate category consisting primarily of unallocated corporate expenses. For a more detailed description of the Company's segments, refer to Item 7 of this report. 
 Financial information relating to segments is provided in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this report. 
 Description of Business 
 MillerKnoll is a global leader of design. Our brands have led conversations on design for over 100 years, and we continue to drive our industry forward with visionary thinking and a purposeful approach. The Company's principal business consists of the research, design, manufacture, selling and distribution of seating products, furniture systems, other freestanding furniture elements, textiles, leather, felt, home furnishings and related services. 
 The Company's ingenuity and design excellence create award-winning products and services, which have made the Company a leader in the design and development of furniture, furniture systems, textiles, leather, felt and related technology and acoustical solutions. This leadership is exemplified by the innovative concepts introduced by the Company in its broad array of product offerings. 
 The Company's furniture systems, seating, freestanding furniture, storage, casegoods, textile products, leather, felt, acoustic products and related services are used in (1) institutional environments including offices and related conference, lobby, and lounge areas and general public areas including transportation terminals; (2) health/science environments including hospitals, clinics and other healthcare facilities; (3) industrial and educational settings; and (4) residential and other environments. 
 The Company's products are marketed worldwide by its own sales staff, independent dealers and retailers, via its eCommerce websites, and through its owned Herman Miller, Design Within Reach ("DWR"), HAY, Knoll, and Muuto retail stores and studios. Salespeople work with dealers, the architecture and design community, and directly with end-users. Independent dealerships concentrate on the sale of MillerKnoll products and some complementary product lines of other manufacturers. It is estimated that approximately 56.2 of the Company's sales in the fiscal year ended June 3, 2023, were made to or through independent dealers. The remaining sales were made directly to end-users, including federal, state and local governments and several business organizations by the Company's own sales staff, retail channels, or independent retailers. 
 The Company is a recognized leader within its industry for the use, development, and integration of customer-centered technologies that enhance the reliability, speed, and efficiency of our customers' operations. This includes proprietary sales tools, interior design and product specification software, order entry and manufacturing scheduling and production systems, and direct connectivity to the Company's suppliers. 
 Raw Materials 
 The Company's manufacturing materials are available from a significant number of sources within North America, South America, Europe and Asia. The costs of certain direct materials used in the Company's manufacturing and assembly operations are sensitive to shifts in commodity market prices. In particular, the costs of steel, plastic, aluminum components and particleboard are sensitive to the market prices of commodities such as raw steel, aluminum, crude oil, lumber and resins. Increases in the market prices for these commodities can have an adverse impact on the Company's profitability. Further information regarding the impact of direct material costs on the Company's financial results is provided in Management's Discussion and Analysis in Item 7 of this report, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

3 

Patents and Trademarks 
 The Company believes its intellectual property rights are an important component supporting the long-term success of its brands and its competitive position, and it strategically applies for, registers, and maintains its intellectual property rights in the United States and a number of foreign countries where such protection is available. These rights include patent, trademark, copyright and trade secrets, among other proprietary rights. The Company also maintains a robust intellectual property enforcement program to protect its intellectual property rights against third party infringements. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries hold many active utility and design patents in the United States as well as in a number of foreign countries. The Company has also registered various trademarks, including the name and stylized Herman Miller trademark, the Herman Miller Circled Symbolic M trademark, and the name and stylized Knoll trademark in the United States and many foreign countries, which it considers to be among its most valuable intellectual property rights. 
 The Company considers the following trademarks and any associated stylized depictions of the word marks to be among its most important trademarks for distinguishing the Company, its subsidiaries and its goods from those of others: MillerKnoll TM , Herman Miller , Herman Miller Circled Symbolic M , Knoll , Maharam , Geiger , Design Within Reach , DWR , HAY , NaughtOne , Nemschoff , Aeron , Mirra , Embody , Setu , Sayl , Cosm , Caper , Eames , Knoll , KnollExtra , Knoll Luxe , KnollStudio , KnollTextiles , Edelman Leather, Spinneybeck Leather, Generation by Knoll , Regeneration by Knoll , MultiGeneration by Knoll , Remix , Holly Hunt , Vladimir Kagan , Muuto , Barcelona , and Womb , as well as trademark registrations for trade dress and common law rights in trade dress for some of the Company s significant product designs. 
 Working Capital Practices 
 Information concerning the Company's working capital levels relative to its sales volume can be found under Item 7 of this report, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Beyond this discussion, the Company does not believe that it or the industry in general has any special practices or special conditions affecting working capital items that are significant for understanding the Company's business. 
 Customer Base 
 The Company approximates that no single dealer accounted fo r more than 4 of the Company's net sales in the fiscal year ended June 3, 2023. The Company estimates that the largest single end-user customer accounted for 174.9 million, 114.4 million and 113.0 million of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. This represents approximately 4 of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2023, 3 in fiscal 2022, and 5 in fiscal 2021. The Company's ten largest customers in the aggregate accounted for approximately 14 of net sales in fiscal 2023, 11 in fiscal 2022, and 17 in fiscal 2021. 
 Backlog of Unfilled Orders 
 As of June 3, 2023, the Company's backlog of unfilled orders was 698.0 million. At May 28, 2022, the Company's backlog totaled 932.5 million. It is expected that substantially all of the orders forming the backlog at June 3, 2023 will be filled during the next fiscal year. Many orders received by the Company are reflected in the backlog for only a short period while other orders request extended delivery dates and are carried in the backlog for up to one year. Accordingly, the backlog at any particular time does not necessarily indicate the level of net sales for a particular succeeding period. 
 Government Contracts 
 Other than standard provisions contained in contracts with the United States Government, the Company does not believe that any significant portion of its business is subject to material renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts or subcontracts at the election of government entities. The Company sells to the U.S. Government both through General Services Administration ("GSA") Multiple Award Schedule Contracts and through competitive bids. The GSA Multiple Award Schedule Contract pricing is principally based upon the Company's commercial price list in effect when the contract is initiated, rather than being determined on a cost-plus-basis. The Company is required to receive GSA approval to apply list price increases during the term of the Multiple Award Schedule Contract period. 

4 

Competition 
 All aspects of the Company's business are highly competitive. From a furniture perspective, the Company competes largely on design, product and service quality, speed of delivery and product pricing. Although the Company is one of the largest furniture manufacturers in the world, it competes with manufacturers that have significant resources and sales as well as many smaller companies. The Company's most significant competitors are Haworth, HNI Corporation, and Steelcase Inc. 
 The Company also competes in the home furnishings industry, primarily against national, regional and independent home furnishings retailers who market high-craft furniture to end-user customers and the interior design community. These competitors include companies such as Crate Barrel Holdings, Inc., Hive Modern, Restoration Hardware, Room Board, Inc., Wayfair Inc., and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Similar to its furniture product offerings, the Company competes primarily on design, product and service quality, speed of delivery and product pricing in this market. 
 Research, Design and Development 
 The Company believes it draws great competitive strength from its research, design and development programs. Through research, the Company seeks to understand, define and clarify customer needs and problems. The Company designs innovative products and services that address customer needs and solve their problems. The Company uses both internal and independent research and design resources. Exclusive of royalty payments, the Company spent approximately 67.6 million, 71.1 million and 50.8 million on design and research activities in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Generally, royalties are paid to designers of the Company's products as the products are sold and are included in the Design and research line item within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 Environmental Matters 
 The Company believes that a business must stand for more than just its products and services and the Company's people around the globe share a commitment to using business as a force for good. 
 Increased focus by U.S. and overseas governmental authorities on environmental matters is likely to lead to new governmental initiatives, particularly in the area of climate change. While we cannot predict the precise nature of these initiatives, we expect that they may impact our business both directly and indirectly. Although the impact would likely vary by world region and/or market, we believe that adoption of new regulations and execution of the Company's sustainability strategy will increase costs for the Company. Also, there is a possibility that governmental initiatives, or actual or perceived effects of changes in weather patterns, climate, or water resources could have a direct impact on the operations of the Company in ways which we cannot predict at this time. 
 The Company monitors developments related to environmental matters and plans to respond to governmental initiatives in a timely and appropriate manner. The Company s commitment to the planet is embedded in its corporate strategy and will continue to develop as the Company works to meet sustainability goals by 2030. The Company is focused on operating its global footprint with minimal impact on the environment and designing products with materials and processes that are safe for both people and the planet. 
 Human Resources 
 The Company considers its employees to be another of its major competitive strengths. The Company stresses individual employee participation and incentives, believing that this emphasis has helped attract and retain a competent and motivated workforce. The Company's human resources group provides employee recruitment, education and development, as well as compensation planning and counseling. There have been no work stoppages or labor disputes in the Company's history. As of June 3, 2023, approxim ately 4 of the Company's employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, most of whom are employees located in the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, and Brazil. 
 As of June 3, 2023, the Company had approximately 10,900 employees. In addition to its employee workforce, the Company uses temporary labor to meet fluctuating demand in its manufacturing operations. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging 
 At MillerKnoll, we value and on a daily basis focus on being better together. We believe that our unique differences contribute to our collective success. We also respect that when we come together, we find more attributes that we share in common. We are committed to diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging ("DEIB") and creating opportunities for all people. This includes but is not limited to those who come from diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds, from locations around the globe, various gender identities, LGBTQ+, people with differing abilities, those from military backgrounds, as well as those who have long 
 5 

tenure with the Company or may be reentering the workforce for a variety of reasons. We are committed to ensuring we support a culture of belonging to ensure all individuals thrive, and we focus on building diverse leadership across MillerKnoll. We believe that embracing diverse perspectives contributes to an inclusive workplace and strengthens the communities where we live and work. 
 
 We continue to build inclusivity into our everyday practices by focusing on: 
 An ongoing commitment to educate ourselves and integrate cultural competency across the organization; 
 Driving a sense of belonging. We want every employee to be fully seen, heard, understood and to feel connected to MillerKnoll in meaningful ways that matter to each person; 
 Recruiting, developing, retaining, and promoting inclusive and diverse talent through concerted efforts that drive better results; and 
 Implementing and taking action on appropriate metrics and measures to hold ourselves accountable to our commitments. 
 
 Compensation 
 The Company's policy is to competitively compensate all employees for their contributions and to appropriately reward and motivate employees to deliver our business goals. We do this, in part, by closely monitoring and benchmarking compensation matters and working to ensure that our programs provide our employees with the right features to provide for their families and prepare for retirement. We provide competitive health and welfare benefits and retirement savings plans (401k). Retention of our talent is exceedingly important and drives how we design our programs. 
 International Operations 
 The Company's sales in international markets are made primarily to office/institutional customers and residential retail customers. The Company conducts business in the following major international markets: Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America and the Asia/Pacific region. 
 The Company's products currently sold in international markets are manufactured primarily by controlled subsidiaries in the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, China, Brazil, Mexico and India. A portion of the Company's products sold internationally are also manufactured by third-party suppliers. Sales are made through wholly owned subsidiaries or branches in Canada, the United Kingdom, Italy, France, Denmark, the Netherlands, Mexico, Australia, Singapore, Japan, China (including Hong Kong), India and Brazil. The Company's products are offered in Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America and the Asia/Pacific region primarily through dealer and retail channels. 
 Additional information with respect to operations by geographic area appears in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this report. Fluctuating exchange rates and factors beyond the control of the Company, such as tariff and foreign economic policies, may affect future results of international operations. Refer to Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, for further discussion regarding the Company's foreign exchange risk. 
 Available Information 
 The Company's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are made available free of charge through the Investors section of the Company's website at www.millerknoll.com, as soon as practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The Company's filings with the SEC are also available for the public to read via the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this report should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face; others, either unforeseen or currently deemed not material, may also have a negative impact on our Company. If any of the following occurs, our business, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Business Related Risks 
 We may not be successful in implementing and managing our growth strategy. 
 6 

We have established a growth strategy for the business based on a changing and evolving world. Through this strategy, we are focused on taking advantage of the changing composition of the office floor plate, the greater desire for customization from our customers, new technologies, and trends towards urbanization and working from home. 
 While we have confidence that our strategic plan reflects opportunities that are appropriate and achievable, and that we have anticipated and will manage the associated risks, there is the possibility that the strategy may not deliver the projected results due to inadequate execution, incorrect assumptions, sub-optimal resource allocation, or changing customer requirements. 
 To meet our goals, we believe we will be required to continually invest in the research, design, and development of new products and services, and there is no assurance that such investments will have commercially successful results. 
 Certain growth opportunities may require us to invest in acquisitions, alliances, and the startup of new business ventures. These investments, if available, may not perform according to plan and may involve the assumption of business, operational, or other risks that are new to our business. 
 Future efforts to expand our business may impact our ability to compete for business. It may also put the availability and/or value of our capital investments within these regions at risk. These expansion efforts expose us to operating environments with complex, changing, and in some cases, inconsistently-applied legal and regulatory requirements. Developing knowledge and understanding of these requirements poses a significant challenge, and failure to remain compliant with them could limit our ability to continue doing business in these locations. 
 Pursuing our strategic plan in new and adjacent markets, as well as within developing economies, will require us to find effective new channels of distribution. There is no assurance that we can identify or otherwise develop these channels of distribution. 
 In connection with the July 2021 acquisition of Knoll, we incurred significant additional indebtedness, which has increased our interest expense and could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility. 
 The consolidated long-term debt of MillerKnoll as of June 3, 2023 was 1.37 billion. As a result of our acquisition of Knoll, we substantially increased our indebtedness, which has increased our interest expense and could have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions. We have also incurred various costs and expenses associated with such indebtedness. The amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels and thus the demands on our cash resources are greater than the amount of cash flows previously required to service our indebtedness. The increased levels of indebtedness will also reduce funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes and may create competitive disadvantages for MillerKnoll relative to other companies with lower debt levels. If we do not achieve the expected benefits and cost savings from the acquisition, or if the financial performance of the combined company does not meet current expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted. 
 The indebtedness incurred in connection with the acquisition of Knoll contains various covenants that impose restrictions on us that may affect our ability to operate our business. These include both affirmative and negative covenants that, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict the ability of us and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, incur liens on our property, incur additional indebtedness, enter into sale and lease-back transactions, make loans, advances, or other investments, make non-ordinary course asset sales, declare or pay dividends, engage in share repurchases or make other distributions with respect to equity interests, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain assets to any one person. In addition, the definitive documentation governing such indebtedness contains a financial maintenance covenant that requires us to maintain a certain leverage ratio at the end of each fiscal quarter. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations under such indebtedness. 
 In addition, we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general corporate requirements. Our ability to arrange additional financing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. There is no assurance we will be able to obtain such additional financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 We have incurred and may continue to incur significant costs in connection with the integration of Knoll, which may be in excess of those we anticipate. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur a number of non-recurring fees and costs associated with combining the operations of Herman Miller and Knoll and achieving desired synergies. These costs and expenses include those related to 
 7 

formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. 
 Macroeconomic and Workplace Trends Related Risks 
 Adverse economic and industry conditions have had a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Customer demand within the contract furniture and retail furnishings industries is affected by various macroeconomic factors with general corporate profitability, service sector employment levels, new office construction rates, and existing office vacancy rates being among the most influential factors. Declines in these measures have had an adverse effect on overall furniture demand. Additionally, factors and changes specific to our industry, such as developments in technology, governmental standards and regulations, and health and safety issues, can influence demand. 
 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and we may not be successful in winning new business. 
 We are one of several companies competing for new business within the furniture industry. Many of our competitors offer similar categories of products, including office seating, systems and freestanding furniture, casegoods, storage products, as well as residential, education and healthcare furniture solutions. Although we believe that our innovative product design, functionality, quality, depth of knowledge, and strong network of distribution partners differentiate us in the marketplace, increased market pricing pressure and other factors could make it difficult for us to win new business with certain customers and within certain market segments at acceptable profit margins. 
 The retail furnishings market is highly competitive. We compete with national and regional furniture retailers, mail order catalogs and online retailers focused on home furnishings. We compete with these and other retailers for customers, suitable retail locations, vendors, qualified employees and management personnel. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we possess. This may result in these competitors being quicker at important metrics such as adapting to changes, devoting greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products, generating greater national brand recognition, or adopting more aggressive pricing and promotional policies, including free shipping offers. In addition, increased catalog mailings and/or digital marketing campaigns by our competitors may adversely affect response rates to our own marketing efforts. As a result, increased competition may adversely affect our future financial performance. 
 Our business presence outside the United States exposes us to certain risks that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have significant manufacturing and sales operations in the United Kingdom, which represents our largest single marketplace outside the United States. Concerns exist relating to potential tariffs and customs regulations and the potential for short term logistics disruption as any such changes are implemented. This will impact both our suppliers and customers, including distributors, and could result in product delays and inventory issues. Further uncertainty in the marketplace also brings risk to accounts receivable and could result in delays in collection and greater bad debt expense. There also remains a risk for the value of the British Pound, Danish Krone, and/or the Euro to further deteriorate, reducing the purchasing power of customers in these regions and potentially undermining the financial health of the Company's suppliers and customers in other parts of the world. 
 We also have manufacturing operations in China, India, Italy, Canada, Mexico and Brazil. Additionally, our products are sold internationally through controlled subsidiaries or branches in Canada, Denmark, Italy, Korea, Mexico, Australia, China (including Hong Kong), India, Brazil, and other European countries. The Company's products are offered in Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America and the Asia/Pacific region primarily through dealers and retail channels. 
 Doing business internationally exposes us to certain risks, many of which are beyond our control and could potentially impact our ability to design, develop, manufacture, or sell products in certain countries. These factors include, without limitation, political, social, and economic conditions; global trade conflicts and trade policies; legal and regulatory requirements; labor and employment practices; cultural practices and norms; natural disasters; security and health concerns; protection of intellectual property; and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 In some countries, the currencies in which we import and export products can differ. Fluctuations in the rate of exchange between these currencies could negatively impact our business and our financial performance. Additionally, tariff and import 
 8 

regulations, international tax policies and rates, and changes in U.S. and international monetary policies may have an adverse impact on results of operations and financial condition. 
 In connection with the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. government has imposed enhanced export controls on certain products and sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. MillerKnoll is not fulfilling any existing orders or accepting new orders from Russia or Belarus at this time. As a safety measure, we have also stopped taking new orders and fulfilling orders in Ukraine. This region represents a small portion of our International Contract and Specialty business, and we do not rely on any material goods from suppliers in these regions. While we do not have manufacturing facilities or offices in the region, we have historically sold products to two dealers in Ukraine, two in Russia, and two in Belarus. Fiscal year 2023 and 2022 annualized revenues from these countries were approximately 0.2 million and 6.4 million, respectively. None of the revenue recognized in fiscal year 2023 was from dealers located in countries under sanction. 
 Further escalation of geopolitical tensions could have a broader impact that expands into other markets where we do business, which could adversely affect our business and/or our supply chain, business partners or customers in the broader region. The continued conflict in that region, as well as the current and additional international sanctions against Russia, are likely to further increase the cost of various supplies, particularly for petroleum based products. The impact from this conflict, as well as the international sanctions, cannot be predicted or anticipated with any reasonable degree of certainty, including the impact on the Company. 
 A sustained downturn in the economy could adversely impact our access to capital. 
 The disruptions in the global economic and financial markets during 2007 to 2009 adversely impacted the broader financial and credit markets, at times reducing the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole. Conditions such as these could re-emerge in the future. Accordingly, our ability to access the capital markets could be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an adverse impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. The resulting lack of available credit, increased volatility in the financial markets and reduced business activity could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to take advantage of market opportunities and our ability to obtain and manage our liquidity. In addition, the cost of debt financing and the proceeds of equity financing may be materially and adversely impacted by these market conditions. The extent of any impact would depend on several factors, including our operating cash flows, the duration of tight credit conditions and volatile equity markets, our credit capacity, the cost of financing, and other general economic and business conditions. Our credit agreements contain performance covenants, such as a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and limits on subsidiary debt and incurrence of liens. Although we believe none of these covenants is currently restrictive to our operations, our ability to meet the financial covenants can be affected by events beyond our control. 
 Recent events affecting the financial services industry could have an adverse impact on the Company's business operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The 2023 closures of certain banks have created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. Future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages, impair the ability of companies to access working capital needs, and create additional market and economic uncertainty. 
 Although the Company does not have any deposits with any of the banks that have been placed into receivership to date, some of our customers may have deposits with them, which may expose us to potential risks that could impact our financial position and operations. This could include an adverse impact on the ability of our customers to pay amounts they owe to the Company. In addition, if any of our vendors have relationships with any of the banks that have been closed, it could negatively impact their ability to deliver goods and services to the Company. 
 More generally, these events have resulted in market disruption and volatility and could lead to greater instability in the credit and financial markets and a deterioration in confidence in economic conditions. Our operations may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, liquidity shortages, volatile business environments, or unpredictable market conditions. These events could also make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult and/or costly. 
 9 

The future effect of these events on the financial services industry and broader economy are unknown and difficult to predict but could include failures of other financial institutions to which we or our customers, vendors, or other counterparties face direct or more significant exposure. Any such developments could adversely impact our results of operation and financial position. There may be other risks we have not yet identified. We are working to identify any potential impact of these events on our business in order to minimize any disruptions to our operations. However, we cannot guarantee we will be able to avoid any negative consequences relating to these recent developments or any future related developments. 
 Manufacturing, Supply Chain and Distribution Related Risks 
 Tariffs imposed by the U.S. government could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 The imposition of tariffs by the U.S. government on various products imported from certain countries, as well as countering tariffs on the export of U.S. goods, has had, and will likely continue to have, an adverse impact on our business, including as a result of increased costs for certain of our raw materials and increasing the costs for certain products that we export to other countries. Accordingly, these tariffs and the possibility of broader trade conflicts stemming from the tariffs could negatively impact our business in the future. The tariffs on imports, most notably imports from China, have impacted the cost of steel, a key commodity that we consume in producing products. Given the significance of steel costs to our direct materials costs, we closely monitor trade tensions between the U.S. and China. The potential impact to our direct material costs due to tariffs on Chinese imports is somewhat limited, however, as purchases of direct materials (mainly component parts and products manufactured by third parties) from China represented an estimated 3 of our consolidated cost of sales for fiscal 2023. Going forward, continued or increased tariffs could negatively impact our gross margin and operating performance. These factors also have the potential to significantly impact global trade and economic conditions in many of the regions where we do business. 
 Disruptions in the supply of raw and component materials could adversely affect our manufacturing and assembly operations. 
 We rely on outside suppliers to provide on-time shipments of the various raw materials and component parts used in our manufacturing and assembly processes. The timeliness of these deliveries is critical to our ability to meet customer demand. Disruptions in this flow of delivery may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 In fiscal year 2022, the price of steel was impacted by shortages and disruptions in the steel industry as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. These disruptions have not had a significant impact on our ability to manufacture and supply products to our customers, but they have negatively impacted the cost of procuring such materials. In the short-term, significant increases in raw material, commodity and other input costs can be difficult to offset with price increases because of existing contractual commitments with our customers. As a result, our gross margins can be adversely affected in the short-term by significant increases in these costs. If we are not successful in passing along higher commodity and other input costs to our customers over the long-term because of competitive pressures, our profitability could be negatively impacted. 
 Increases in the market prices of manufacturing materials may negatively affect our profitability. 
 The costs of certain manufacturing materials used in our operations are sensitive to shifts in commodity market prices, including the impact of the U.S. and retaliatory tariffs. In particular, the costs of steel, plastic, aluminum components, and particleboard are sensitive to the market prices of commodities such as raw steel, aluminum, crude oil, lumber, and resins. Increases in the market prices of these commodities due to the recent ban on Russian oil imports as a result of the current war between Russia and Ukraine may have an adverse impact on our profitability if we are unable to offset them with strategic sourcing, continuous improvement initiatives or increased prices to our customers. 
 Disruptions within our dealer network could adversely affect our business. 
 Our ability to manage existing relationships within our network of independent dealers is crucial to our ongoing success. Although the loss of any single dealer would not have a material adverse effect on the overall business, our business within a given market could be negatively impacted by disruptions in our dealer network caused by the termination of commercial working relationships, ownership transitions, or dealer financial difficulties. 
 If dealers go out of business or restructure, we may suffer losses because they may not be able to pay for products already delivered to them. Also, dealers may experience financial difficulties, creating the need for outside financial support, which may not be easily obtained. The company has, on occasion, agreed to provide direct financial assistance through term loans, lines of credit, and/or loan guarantees to certain dealers. Those activities increase our financial exposure. 
 A continued shortage of qualified labor could negatively affect our business and materially reduce earnings. 
 10 

The future success of our operations depends on our ability, and the ability of third parties on which we rely, to identify, recruit, develop and retain qualified and talented individuals in order to supply and deliver our products. Any shortage of qualified labor could have a negative impact on our business. Employee recruitment, development and retention efforts that we or such third parties undertake may not be successful, which could result in a shortage of qualified individuals in future periods. Any such shortage could decrease our ability to effectively produce and meet customer demand. Such a shortage would also likely lead to higher wages for employees (or higher costs to purchase the services of such third parties) and a corresponding reduction in our results of operations. In the current operating environment, we are experiencing a shortage of qualified labor in certain geographies, particularly with plant production workers, resulting in increased costs from certain temporary wage actions, such as hiring and referral bonus programs. A continuation of such shortages for a prolonged period of time could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 Financial Related Risks 
 We are subject to risks associated with self-insurance related to health benefits. 
 We are self-insured for our health benefits and maintain per employee stop loss coverage; however, we retain the insurable risk at an aggregate level. Therefore unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of our insured limits could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and operating results. See Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the Company s retention level. 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges may adversely affect our operating results. 
 We have a substantial amount of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, primarily trademarks, on our balance sheet. We test the goodwill and intangible assets for impairment both on an annual basis and when events occur or circumstances change that indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset may be below its carrying amount. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to inherent uncertainties and changes in estimates and assumptions regarding actual and forecasted revenue growth rates, operating margins, and discount rates. Declines in market conditions, a trend of weaker than anticipated financial performance for our reporting units, declines in projected revenue for our trademarks, a decline in our share price for a sustained period of time, an increase in the market-based weighted average cost of capital, or a decrease in royalty rates, among other factors, are indicators that the carrying value of our goodwill or indefinite-life intangible assets may not be recoverable. We may be required to record a goodwill or intangible asset impairment charge that, if incurred, could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 Impairment of long-lived assets may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our long-lived asset groups are subject to an impairment assessment when certain triggering events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may be impaired. If the carrying value exceeds our estimate of future undiscounted cash flows of the operations related to the asset group, an impairment is recorded for the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset group. The results of these tests for potential impairment may be adversely affected by unfavorable market conditions, our financial performance trends, or an increase in interest rates, among other factors. If as a result of the impairment test we determine that the fair value of any of our long-lived asset groups is less than its carrying amount, we may incur an impairment charge that could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 Costs related to product defects could adversely affect our profitability. 
 We incur various expenses related to product defects, including product warranty costs, product recall and retrofit costs, and product liability costs. These expenses relative to product sales vary and could increase. We maintain reserves for product defect-related costs based on estimates and our knowledge of circumstances that indicate the need for such reserves. We cannot, however, be certain that these reserves will be adequate to cover actual product defect-related claims in the future. Any significant increase in the rate of our product defect expenses could have a material adverse effect on operations. 
 General Risks 
 We are subject to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of our systems and confidential information. 
 We collect certain customer-specific data, including credit card information, in connection with orders placed through our eCommerce websites, direct-mail catalog marketing program, and retail studios. For these sales channels to function and develop successfully, we and other parties involved in processing customer transactions must be able to transmit confidential information, including credit card information and other personal information regarding our customers, securely over public and private networks. Third parties may have or develop the technology or knowledge to breach, disable, disrupt or interfere 
 11 

with our systems or processes or those of our vendors. While we believe we take reasonable steps to protect the security and confidentiality of the information we collect, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will effectively prevent others from obtaining unauthorized access to our information and our customers information. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems change frequently and are not often recognized until after they have been launched. 
 Any person who circumvents our security measures could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our operations. Any security breach could cause consumers to lose confidence in the security of our information systems, including our eCommerce websites or retail studios and choose not to purchase from us. Any security breach could also expose us to risks of data loss, litigation, regulatory investigations, and other significant liabilities. Such a breach could also seriously disrupt, slow or hinder our operations and harm our reputation and customer relationships, any of which could damage our business. 
 A security breach includes a third party wrongfully gaining unauthorized access to our systems for the purpose of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, loading corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. These actions may lead to a significant disruption of the Company s IT systems and/or cause the loss of business and business information resulting in an adverse business impact, including: (1) an adverse impact on future financial results due to theft, destruction, loss misappropriation, or release of confidential data or intellectual property; (2) operational or business delays resulting from the disruption of IT systems, and subsequent clean-up and mitigation activities; and (3) negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with customers, partners or industry peers. 
 The United States federal and state governments are increasingly enacting laws and regulations to protect consumers against identity theft. Also, as our business expands globally, we are subject to data privacy and other similar laws in various foreign jurisdictions. If we are the target of a cybersecurity attack resulting in unauthorized disclosure of our customer data, we may be required to undertake costly notification procedures. Compliance with these laws will likely increase the costs of doing business. If we fail to implement appropriate safeguards or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these laws, we could be subject to potential fines, claims for damages and other remedies, which could harm our business. 
 Due to the political uncertainty and military actions involving Russia, Ukraine, and surrounding regions, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a currently heightened risk of information technology breaches, computer malware, or other cyber-attacks, including attacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our products. 
 We are unable to control many of the factors affecting consumer spending. Declines in consumer spending on furnishings could reduce demand for our products. 
 The operations of our Global Retail segment are sensitive to a number of factors that influence consumer spending, including general economic conditions, consumer disposable income, unemployment, inclement weather, availability of consumer credit, consumer debt levels, conditions in the housing market, interest rates, sales tax rates and rate increases, inflation, and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Adverse changes in these factors have reduced, and in the future may further reduce consumer demand for our products, resulting in reduced sales and profitability. 
 A number of factors that affect our ability to successfully implement our retail studio strategy, including opening new locations and closing existing studios, are beyond our control. These factors may harm our ability to increase the sales and profitability of our retail operations. 
 Approximately 28 of the sales within our Global Retail segment are transacted within our retail stores. Additionally, we believe our retail stores have a direct influence on the volume of business transacted through other channels, including our consumer eCommerce and direct-mail catalog platforms, as many customers utilize these physical spaces to view and experience products prior to placing an order online or through the catalog call center. Our ability to open additional stores or close existing stores successfully will depend upon a number of factors beyond our control, including, without limitation: 
 general economic conditions; 
 identification and availability of suitable locations; 
 success in negotiating new leases and amending or terminating existing leases on acceptable terms; 
 success of other retailers in and around our retail locations; 
 ability to secure required governmental permits and approvals; 
 hiring and training skilled studio operating personnel; and 
 12 

landlord financial stability. 
 We may incur significant increased costs and become subject to additional potential liabilities under environmental and other laws and regulations aimed at combating climate change. 
 We expect to incur significant costs as we work to implement the 2030 sustainability goals we announced in 2022, which include efforts to reduce our carbon footprint, design out waste, and source better materials. Also, increased focus by the U.S. and other governmental authorities on climate change and other environmental matters has led to enhanced regulation in these areas, which is expected to result in increased compliance costs and could subject us to additional potential liabilities. The extent of these costs and risks is difficult to predict and will depend in large part on the extent of final regulations and the ways in which those regulations are enforced. We operate and have manufacturing facilities in multiple regions across the globe, and the impact of additional regulations in this area is likely to vary by region. It is expected the costs we incur to comply with any such final regulations and implement our own sustainability goals could be material. 
 Government and other regulations could adversely affect our business. 
 Government and other regulations apply to the manufacture and sale of many of our products. Failure to comply with these regulations or failure to obtain approval of products from certifying agencies could adversely affect the sales of these products and have a material negative impact on operating results. 
 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None 
 13 

Item 2 Properties 
 The Company owns or leases facilities located throughout the United States and several foreign countries. The location, square footage and use of the most significant facilities at June 3, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Owned Locations Square Footage 
 (in Thousands) 
 Use Zeeland, Michigan 771 Manufacturing, Warehouse, Office East Greenville, Pennsylvania 735 Manufacturing, Warehouse, Office Spring Lake, Michigan 615 Manufacturing, Warehouse, Office Toronto, Canada 386 Manufacturing, Warehouse, Office Muskegon, Michigan 367 Manufacturing, Office Holland, Michigan 357 Warehouse Holland, Michigan 293 Manufacturing, Office Dongguan, China 269 Manufacturing Foligno, Italy 260 Manufacturing, Warehouse, Office Holland, Michigan 242 Office, Design Sheboygan, Wisconsin 208 Manufacturing, Warehouse, Office Melksham, United Kingdom 170 Manufacturing, Warehouse, Office Graffignana, Italy 108 Manufacturing, Warehouse, Office Leased Locations Square Footage 
 (in Thousands) 
 Use Alburtis, Pennsylvania 718 Warehouse Batavia, Ohio 618 Warehouse Dongguan, China 498 Manufacturing, Office Ringsted, Denmark 274 Warehouse West Chester, Ohio 220 Warehouse Berlin, Germany 220 Warehouse LeGrange Highlands, Illinois 210 Warehouse Atlanta, Georgia 205 Manufacturing, Warehouse, Office Bangalore, India 128 Manufacturing, Warehouse 
 The properties above are primarily used in the Company's segments as indicated below: 
 14 

Segment Primarily Supported Owned Leased Total Americas Contract 8 3 11 International Contract Specialty 4 4 8 Global Retail 2 2 Corporate 1 1 
 As of June 3, 2023, the Company operated 75 retail stores (including 38 operating under the DWR brand, 3 under the HAY brand, 27 Herman Miller stores, 3 Muuto stores, 3 Knoll stores and a multi-brand Chicago store) that totaled approximately 641,800 square feet of selling space. The Company also operated 4 retail outlet stores. The Company maintains administrative and sales offices and showrooms in various other locations throughout North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. The Company considers its existing facilities to be in good condition and adequate for its design, production, distribution, and selling requirements. 
 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is involved in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the outcome of such proceedings and litigation currently pending will not materially affect the Company s consolidated operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 Certain information relating to executive officers of the Company as of June 3, 2023 is as follows: 
 
 Andrea R. Owen 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Age 58, elected as an executive officer in 2018 
 
 Jeffrey M. Stutz 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Age 52, elected as an executive officer in 2009 
 
 Chris Baldwin 
 Group President, MillerKnoll 
 Age 50, elected as an executive officer in 2021 
 
 Megan Lyon 
 Chief Strategy Officer 
 Age 43, elected as an executive officer in 2019 
 
 John Michael 
 President, Americas Contract 
 Age 61, elected as an executive officer in 2020 
 
 Debbie Propst 
 President, Global Retail 
 Age 42, elected as an executive officer in 2020 
 
 Jacqueline H. Rice 
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
 Age 51, elected as an executive officer in 2019 
 
 B. Ben Watson 
 Chief Creative and Product Officer 
 Age 58, elected as an executive officer in 2010 
 
 15 

Except as discussed below, each of the named officers has served the Company in their current executive position for more than five years. 
 Mr. Baldwin joined MillerKnoll in 2021 and serves as Group President. Prior to the Company's acquisition of Knoll in July 2021, Mr. Baldwin was Chief Operating Officer President, Workplace at Knoll and also held leadership positions at Kohler Co. 
 Ms. Lyon joined MillerKnoll in 2019 and serves as Chief Strategy Officer. Prior to joining MillerKnoll, Ms. Lyon spent eleven years with The Boston Consulting Group where she was a Partner and Managing Director leading the firm s West Coast Consumer and Retail Practice. 
 Mr. Michael joined MillerKnoll, Inc. in 2017 and serves as President, The Americas. Prior to joining MillerKnoll, Mr. Michael held leadership positions at Staples, Ivan Allen Workspace, and Steelcase 
 Ms. Propst joined MillerKnoll in 2020 and serves as President of the Company's Global Retail segment. Prior to joining MillerKnoll, Ms. Propst spent seven years at Bed Bath and Beyond where she most recently served as President and Chief Merchandising Officer of One Kings Lanes, as well as Chief Brand Officer for Bed Bath and Beyond. 
 Ms. Rice joined MillerKnoll in 2019 and serves as General Counsel. Prior to joining MillerKnoll, Ms. Rice served as Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Compliance Officer at Target Corporation as well as Senior Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer at General Motors Co. 
 There are no family relationships between or among the above-named executive officers. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of the above-named officers pursuant to which any of them was named an officer. 
 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable 
 16 

PART II 
 
 Item 5 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Share Price, Earnings and Dividends Summary 
 MillerKnoll, Inc.'s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market System (Symbol: MLKN). As of July 17, 2023, there were approximately 36,000 shareholders of record, including individual participants in security position listings, of the Company's common stock. 
 Dividends were declared and paid quarterly for fiscal 2023 as approved by the Board of Directors . On April 18, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 18.75 cents 0.1875) per share that was paid on July 15, 2023, to shareholders of record on June 3, 2023. While it is anticipated that the Company will contin ue to pay quarterly cash dividends, the amount and timing of such dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board depending on the Company's future results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and other relevant factors. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company has one share repurchase plan authorized by the Board of Directors on January 16, 2019, which provides a share repurchase authorization of 250.0 million with no specified expiration date. The approximate dollar value of shares available for purchase under the plan at June 3, 2023 was 204.5 million. 
 The following is a summary of share repurchase activity during the fiscal quarter ended June 3, 2023: 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) (1) 
 3/5/23-4/1/23 1,560 20.85 1,560 204.6 4/2/23-4/29/23 4/30/23-6/3/23 5,989 16.15 5,989 204.5 Total 7,549 7,549 
 (1) Amounts are as of the end of the period indicated 
 The Company may repurchase shares from time to time for cash in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to accelerated share repurchase programs or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The timing and amount of the repurchases will be determined by the Company's management based on their evaluation of market conditions, share price and other factors. The share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 During the period covered by this report, the Company did not sell any shares of common stock that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 17 

Stockholder Return Performance Graph 
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company's common stock with that of the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index and the Nasdaq Composite Total Return for the five-year period ended June 3, 2023. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on June 2, 2018 in the Company's common stock, the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index and the Nasdaq Composite Total Return, with dividends reinvested. 
 
 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 MillerKnoll, Inc. 100 110 74 155 102 50 S P 500 Index 100 101 111 154 152 157 Nasdaq Composite Total Return 100 100 128 187 166 179 
 Information required by this item is also contained in Item 12 of this report. 
 18 

Item 6 [Reserved] 
 19 

Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the issues discussed in Management's Discussion and Analysis in conjunction with the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Refer also to the information provided under the heading "Forward-Looking Statements" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 MillerKnoll is a collective of dynamic brands that comes together to design the world we live in. From the spaces we make that help us live and work better, to how we manufacture our products, to the ways we solve challenges facing our customers and global community, design is our tool for creating positive impact. Our optimism leads us as we redefine modern for the 21st century, shaping a future that s more sustainable, caring, and beautiful for all people and our planet. 
 MillerKnoll's products are sold internationally through controlled subsidiaries or branches in various countries including the United Kingdom, Denmark, Italy, France, the Netherlands, Canada, Japan, Mexico, Australia, Singapore, China, Hong Kong, India, and Brazil. The Company s products are sold in over 100 countries primarily through independent contract furniture dealers, direct customer sales, owned and independent retailers, direct-mail catalogs, and the Company s eCommerce platforms. 
 The Company is globally positioned in terms of manufacturing operations. In North America, manufacturing and distribution operations are in Georgia, New York, North Carolina, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Texas in the United States, as well as Toronto and Mexico City. In Europe, the Company's manufacturing presence is in the United Kingdom and Italy. Manufacturing operations globally also include facilities located in Brazil, China, and India. The Company manufactures products using a system of lean manufacturing techniques collectively referred to as the MillerKnoll Performance System (MKPS). For its contract furniture business, MillerKnoll strives to maintain efficiencies and cost savings by minimizing the amount of inventory on hand. Accordingly, production is order-driven with direct materials and components purchased as needed to meet demand. These factors result in a high rate of inventory turns related to our manufactured inventories. 
 A key element of the Company's manufacturing strategy is to limit fixed production costs by sourcing component parts from strategic suppliers. This strategy has allowed the Company to increase the variable nature of its cost structure, while retaining proprietary control over those production processes that the Company believes provide a competitive advantage. As a result of this strategy, the Company's manufacturing operations are largely assembly-based. 
 A key element of the Company's growth strategy is to scale the Global Retail business through the Company's Design Within Reach ("DWR"), HAY, Knoll, Muuto, and Herman Miller retail operations. The Global Retail business provides a channel to bring MillerKnoll's iconic and design-centric products to retail customers, along with other proprietary and third-party products, with a focus on modern design. 
 The Company is comprised of various operating segments as defined by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP). The operating segments are determined on the basis of how the Company internally reports and evaluates financial information used to make operating decisions. The Company has identified the following segments: 
 Americas Contract Includes the operations associated with the design, manufacture and sale of furniture products directly or indirectly through an independent dealership network for office, healthcare, and educational environments throughout North and South America. 
 International Contract Specialty Includes the operations associated with the design, manufacture and sale of furniture products, directly or indirectly through an independent dealership network in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific as well as the global activities of the Specialty brands, which include Holly Hunt, Spinneybeck, Maharam, Edelman, and Knoll Textiles. 
 Global Retail Includes global operations associated with the sale of modern design furnishings and accessories to third party retailers, as well as direct to consumer sales through eCommerce, direct-mail catalogs, and physical retail stores. 
 The Company also reports a corporate category consisting primarily of unallocated corporate expenses related to general corporate functions, including, but not limited to, certain legal, executive, corporate finance, information technology, administrative, and acquisition-related costs. 
 20 

Core Strengths 
 The Company relies on the following core strengths in delivering solutions to customers: 
 Product Portfolio and Brand Collective - MillerKnoll is a collective of globally recognized design brands known for working with some of the most well-known and respected designers in the world. Combined, the Company represents over 100 years of design research and exploration in service of humanity. Within the industries in which the Company operates, Herman Miller and Knoll, along with Colebrook Bosson Saunders, DatesWeiser, Design Within Reach, Edelman Leather, Geiger, HAY, Holly Hunt, Maars Living Walls, Maharam, Muuto, NaughtOne, and Spinneybeck|FilzFelt are acknowledged as leading brands that inspire architects and designers to create their best design solutions. This portfolio has enabled MillerKnoll to connect with new audiences, channels, geographies, and product categories. Leveraging the collective brand equity of MillerKnoll across the lines of business is an important element of the Company's business strategy. 
 Design Leadership - The Company is committed to developing research-based functionality and aesthetically innovative new products and has a history of doing so, in collaboration with a global network of leading independent designers. The Company believes its skills and experience in matching problem-solving design with the workplace needs of customers provide the Company with a competitive advantage in the marketplace. An important component of the Company's business strategy is to actively pursue a program of new product research, design, and development. The Company accomplishes this through the use of an internal research and engineering staff that engages with third party design resources generally compensated on a royalty basis. 
 Unique Business Model - The Company has built a multi-channel distribution capability that it considers unique. Through contract furniture dealers, direct customer sales, retail stores and studios, eCommerce, wholesalers, and independent retailers, the Company serves contract and residential customers across a range of channels and geographies. As it pertains to is operations, the Company was among the first in the industry to embrace the concepts of lean manufacturing. MKPS provides the foundation for all the Company's manufacturing operations. The Company is committed to continuously improving both product quality and production and operational efficiency. The Company believes these concepts hold significant promise for further gains in reliability, quality, and efficiency. 
 Global Scale and Reach - In addition to its global omni-channel distribution capability, the Company has a global network of designers, suppliers, manufacturing operations, and research and development centers that position the Company to serve contract and residential customers globally. The Company believes that leveraging this global scale will be an important enabler to executing its strategy. 
 Extraordinary People - We believe that our employees are a critical success factor for our business. We strive to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain the best employees. Our ability to attract, engage, and retain key employees has been and will remain critical to our success. 
 
 Channels of Distribution 
 The Company's products and services are offered to most of its customers under standard trade credit terms between 30 and 45 days. For all the items below, revenue is recognized when control transfers to the customer. The Company's products and services are sold through the following distribution channels: 
 Independent Contract Furniture Dealers - Most of the Company's product sales are made to a network of independently owned and operated contract furniture dealerships doing business in many countries around the world. These dealers purchase the Company's products and distribute them to end customers. Many of these dealers also offer furniture-related services, including product installation. 
 Direct Contract Sales - The Company sells products and services directly to end customers without an intermediary (e.g., sales to the U.S. federal government). In most of these instances, the Company contracts separately with a dealer or third-party installation company to provide sales-related services. 
 eCommerce - The Company sells products in its portfolio of brands across the globe, through localized Herman Miller, Knoll, DWR, and HAY websites. These sites complement the Company s existing methods of distribution and extend the Company's brands' reach for new and existing customers and clients. 
 Wholesale Through the Company's Global Retail segment, certain products are sold on a wholesale basis to third-party retailers located in various markets around the world. 
 21 

Retail Locations - As of June 3, 2023, the Company operated 75 retail studios (including 38 operating under the DWR brand, 3 under the HAY brand, 27 Herman Miller stores, 3 Muuto stores, 3 Knoll stores and a multi-brand Chicago store). The business also operated 4 outlet studios. 
 Challenges Ahead 
 Like all businesses, the Company is faced with a host of challenges and risks. The Company believes its core strengths and values, which provide the foundation for its strategic direction, have prepared the Company to respond to the inevitable challenges it will face in the future. While the Company is confident in its direction, it acknowledges the risks specific to our business and industry. Refer to Item 1A for discussion of certain of these risk factors and Item 7A for disclosures of market risk. 
 Areas of Strategic Focus 
 Our strategy is designed to harness the full potential of MillerKnoll while driving growth across all business segments, geographies, and customer groups and creating value for all our stakeholders. We will capitalize on global trends including hybrid and flexible work, consumers focus on investing in their homes, a focus on health and well-being, and an expectation of corporate social responsibility. Our strategy includes five key focus areas: 
 Bring MillerKnoll to Life 
 We are following a detailed and deliberate plan to bring the best of all our brands together, enabling us to achieve our purpose of design for the good of humankind as we remake modern for the 21st century. Our priorities include establishing and building the MillerKnoll culture; delivering on our synergy commi tment of 145 millio n in run-rate savings by the end of year three of the Knoll acquisition; successfully executing our integration plans and initiatives; cultivating and enabling a strong global dealer network; and establishing worldwide supply chain and manufacturing capabilities to effectively serve our customers across all our channels. 
 Build a Customer-Centric, Digitally Enabled Business Model 
 Building a customer-centric and digitally enabled business model is foundational to bringing MillerKnoll to life and encompasses both our internal technology foundation and our digital go-to-market capabilities. Our goals include integrating our systems and processes, shifting to a simpler systems architecture, serving our customers around the world through global eCommerce capabilities, harnessing data to enable our teams to make effective and timely decisions, and accelerating global automation and manufacturing 4.0 initiatives to improve the employee experience and increase accuracy, quality, and performance. Our launch of the combined North America MillerKnoll dealer network at the start of fiscal year 2023 expanded access to our proprietary end-to-end digital solution that makes it easier for our dealers to respond to customer requests faster with differentiated solutions. 
 Accelerate Profitable Growth 
 We believe there is opportunity for meaningful long-term growth in each of our business segments and MillerKnoll is uniquely positioned to capitalize on these opportunities given the breadth of our Contract and Global Retail businesses and product portfolios, global reach, and omni-channel distribution and fulfillment capabilities. To capitalize on the opportunity ahead, we will seek to lead the industry in product innovation and design excellence; fortify the flagship Knoll and Herman Miller brands while nurturing and growing each of the brands within MillerKnoll; position the Americas Contract business to lead; drive outsized growth in International Contract Specialty; and continue transforming our Global Retail business. 
 Attract, Develop, and Retain World-Class Talent 
 In creating MillerKnoll, we created one of the most talented teams in the industry. We are committed to nurturing this distinct competitive advantage and will create a premiere employee experience while continuing to invest in our people so they can do their best work every day. Our priorities include enabling a seamless MillerKnoll employee experience via a global Human Resources technology platform ; delivering an externally competitive and internally equitable compensation and benefits program; growing internal capabilities through development opportunities for all career levels; and investing to make MillerKnoll an employer of choice around the world. 
 Reinforce Our Commitment to Our People, Our Planet, and Our Communities 
 Our legacy of corporate social responsibility is deeply ingrained in our culture and is shared across all our brands. We will continue to reinforce our commitment to our people, planet, and communities in integrated and deliberate ways. 
 22 

We intend to hold ourselves accountable for forward progress against our diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives, building on the foundation of the DEIB actions we announced in 2020; our 2030 sustainability goals, which we introduced in April 2022; being a force for good in our communities worldwide; and elevating our Better World reporting by developing com mon metrics and regularly sharing our progress internally and externally. 
 The Company believes its strategy continues to respond well to current and future realities in its markets. The Company's strategic priorities are aimed at creating a sustainable and diverse revenue model that puts the customer at the center of everything we do and leverages enabling digital capabilities to fully realize that vision. 

23 

Business Overview 
 The following is a summary of the significant events and items impacting the Company's operations for the year ended June 3, 2023: 
 Net sales were 4,087.1 million, representing an increase of 3.6 when compared to the prior year. The increase in net sales was driven primarily by incremental price increases, the consolidation of Knoll results from the date of acquisition of July 19, 2021, as well as growth in the International Contract Specialty segments. Net sales in fiscal year 2023 also reflect the addition of an extra week of operations (within the fiscal first quarter) which is required periodically to re-align calendar months with our fiscal periods. These increases were offset by a decrease in volume within the Americas Contract and Global Retail segments. On an organic basis, net sales were 3,946.4 million( ), representing an increase of 0.4 when compared to the prior year. 
 Gross margin was 35.0 as compared to 34.3 in the prior year. The change in gross margin was primarily driven by the realization of price optimization strategies and benefits from integration synergies. These positive factors were partially offset by increased commodity, storage and handling costs, freight, product distribution costs, and labor costs. 
 Operating expenses decreased by 5.2 million or 0.4 as compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in variable expenses, including certain forms of employee compensation and benefits, and the continued focus on cost optimization and synergy capture. These decreases were partially offset by 75.0 million of restructuring charges related to voluntary and involuntary reductions in the Company's workforce, charges for the impairment of assets associated with the decision to cease operating Fully as a stand-alone brand, charges related to the impairment of the Knoll trade name, and 50.0 million related to the consolidation of Knoll results for the entire first quarter of fiscal 2023 (versus a partial quarter of consolidation in fiscal 2022). 
 The integration of the Knoll acquisition continues to progress as planned. We made good progress implementing cost synergies throughout the fiscal year, having achieved total annualized run-rate savings of 131 million by the end of the fourth quarter. This has us on track to deliver against our increased goal of achieving annualized cost synergies of 145 million within three years of closing. 
 The effective tax rate was 8.8 for fiscal 2023 compared to negative 130.1 for the prior year. 
 Diluted earnings per share for the full year totaled 0.55 compared to a loss per share of 0.37 in the prior year. On an adjusted basis( ), diluted earnings per share totaled 1.85 in fiscal 2023 compared to 1.92 in fiscal 2022. 
 The Company declared cash dividends of 0.75 per share in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 
 ) Non-GAAP measurements; see accompanying reconciliations and explanations. 
 The following summary includes the Company's view on the economic environment in which it operates: 
 The current macroeconomic environment in North America which includes higher interest rates, complications from a regional banking crisis and low CEO and consumer confidence levels continues to pose challenges for the industry. These factors are expected to persist, posing difficulties particularly for the luxury housing market and discretionary spending on goods. However, when it comes to the overall dynamics of returning to the office, the Company maintains an optimistic outlook based on the project funnel and latest trends which suggest more structured return-to-office practices in the near-term. 
 The Company's financial performance is sensitive to changes in certain input costs, including steel and steel component parts. Ongoing cost reduction initiatives and price increase actions have been implemented to help offset these cost pressures, and the benefit from these initiatives is expected to increase over time. Additionally, the substantial inflationary pressures for certain key input costs, including goods and services tied to energy prices, are beginning to ease. 
 The Americas Contract segment reported a net sales increase of 5.0 and an organic sales increase of 0.3 ) year-over-year. Operating margin increased 610 basis points year-over year and 620 basis points on an adjusted basis.( The increase was primarily driven by pricing optimization and benefits from synergies. 
 International Contract and Specialty reported a net sales increase of 9.6 and an organic sales increase of 7.0 ) year-over-year. Operating margin increased 220 basis points year-over-year and 50 basis points on an adjusted basis.( The increase was primarily driven by pricing optimization strategies and product mix. 
 24 

Global Retail reported a net sales decrease of 4.1 and an organic sales decrease of 5.1 ) year-over-year. On a reported basis, operating margin as a percentage of sales was a loss of 1.5 in fiscal 2023 and earnings of 12.4 in fiscal 2022. On an adjusted basis, operating margin as a percentage of sales was 3.8 ) in fiscal 2023 and 13.1 ) in fiscal 2022. The decrease was primarily driven by a combination of lower volume, mix of product, and increased freight expenses. 
 The remaining sections of Item 7 include additional analysis of the fiscal year ended June 3, 2023, including discussion of significant variances compared to the prior year period. A detailed review of our fiscal 2022 performance compared to our fiscal 2021 performance is set forth in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 28, 2022. 
 ) Non-GAAP measurements; see accompanying reconciliations and explanations. 
 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures that are not in accordance with, nor an alternative to, generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and may be different from non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures are not measurements of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered an alternative to the related GAAP measurement. These non-GAAP measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Our presentation of non-GAAP measures should not be construed as an indication that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or infrequent items. We compensate for these limitations by providing equal prominence of our GAAP results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are provided in the financial tables included within this presentation. The Company believes these non-GAAP measures are useful for investors as they provide financial information on a more comparative basis for the periods presented. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures referenced within this presentation include: Adjusted Earnings per Share, Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss), Adjusted Operating Margin, and Organic Growth (Decline). 
 Adjusted Earnings per Share represents reported diluted earnings per share excluding the impact from amortization of purchased intangibles, acquisition and integration charges, debt extinguishment charges, restructuring expenses, impairment charges, other special charges or gains and the related tax effect of these adjustments. These adjustments are described further below. 
 Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) represents reported operating earnings plus acquisition and integration charges, amortization of purchased intangibles, restructuring expenses, impairment charges, and other special charges or gains. These adjustments are described further below. 
 Adjusted Operating Margin represents Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) for the Company or a business segment divided by the related net sales for the Company or a business segment. 
 Organic Growth (Decline) represents the change in sales and orders, excluding currency translation effects, the impact of an extra week in fiscal 2023, and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. 
 Amortization of purchased intangibles: Includes expenses associated with the amortization of inventory step-up and amortization of acquisition related intangibles acquired as part of the Knoll acquisition. The revenue generated by the associated intangible assets has not been excluded from the related non-GAAP financial measure. We exclude the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles, including the fair value adjustment to inventory, as such non-cash amounts were significantly impacted by the size of the Knoll acquisition. Furthermore, we believe that this adjustment enables better comparison of our results as Amortization of Purchased Intangibles will not recur in future periods once such intangible assets have been fully amortized. Any future acquisitions may result in the amortization of additional intangible assets. Although we exclude the Amortization of Purchased Intangibles in these non-GAAP measures, we believe that it is important for investors to understand that such intangible assets were recorded as part of purchase accounting and contribute to revenue generation. 
 Acquisition and integration charges: Includes costs related directly to the Knoll acquisition including legal, accounting and other professional fees as well as integration-related costs. Integration-related costs include severance, accelerated stock-based compensation expenses, asset impairment charges, and other cost reduction efforts or reorganization initiatives. 
 25 

Debt extinguishment charges: Includes expenses associated with the extinguishment of debt as part of financing the Knoll acquisition. We excluded these items from our non-GAAP measures because they relate to a specific transaction and are not reflective of our ongoing financial performance. 
 Gain on sale of dealer: Includes the gain recorded on the divestiture of an owned dealership. 
 Restructuring charges: Includes actions involving targeted workforce reductions as well as non-impairment charges related to the closure of the Fully business. 
 Impairment charges: Includes non-cash, pre-tax charges for the impairment of intangible assets, right of use assets, and other assets related to the closure of the Fully business as well as the impairment of the Knoll trade name. 
 Special charges: Include certain costs arising as a direct result of COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Tax related items: We excluded the income tax benefit/provision effect of the tax related items from our non-GAAP measures because they are not associated with the tax expense on our ongoing operating results. 
 Tables below summarize select financial information, for the periods indicated, related to each of the Company s reportable segments. The Americas Contract segment includes the operations associated with the design, manufacture and sale of furniture products directly or indirectly through an independent dealership network for office, healthcare, and educational environments throughout North and South America. The International Contract Specialty segment includes the operations associated with the design, manufacture and sale of furniture products, indirectly or directly through an independent dealership network in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific as well as the global activities of the Specialty brands, which include Holly Hunt, Spinneybeck, Maharam, Edelman, and Knoll Textiles. The Global Retail segment includes global operations associated with the sale of modern design furnishings and accessories to third party retailers, as well as direct to consumer sales through eCommerce, direct-mail catalogs, and physical retail stores. Corporate costs represent unallocated expenses related to general corporate functions, including, but not limited to, certain legal, executive, corporate finance, information technology, administrative and acquisition-related costs. 

26 

The following table reconciles Operating Earnings (Loss) to Adjusted Operating Earnings (Loss) by Segment for the years ended as indicated below (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 Americas Net sales 474.4 100.0 539.2 100.0 2,026.1 100.0 1,929.1 100.0 Gross margin 158.7 33.5 137.6 25.5 611.2 30.2 493.1 25.6 Total operating expenses 137.3 28.9 131.6 24.4 511.6 25.3 517.1 26.8 Operating earnings (loss) 21.4 4.5 6.0 1.1 99.6 4.9 (24.0) (1.2) Adjustments Restructuring 5.2 1.1 22.8 1.1 Acquisition and integration charges 3.5 0.7 3.7 0.7 9.7 0.5 29.9 1.5 Amortization of purchased intangibles 3.2 0.7 3.1 0.6 12.9 0.6 28.7 1.5 Gain on Sale of Dealer (2.0) (0.1) Impairment charges 14.4 3.0 14.4 0.7 Adjusted operating earnings 47.7 10.1 12.8 2.4 159.4 7.9 32.6 1.7 International Specialty Net sales 237.4 100.0 273.3 100.0 1,017.3 100.0 928.5 100.0 Gross margin 101.3 42.7 113.0 41.3 424.3 41.7 372.6 40.1 Total operating expenses 84.2 35.5 81.4 29.8 325.7 32.0 302.7 32.6 Operating earnings 17.1 7.2 31.6 11.6 98.6 9.7 69.9 7.5 Adjustments Restructuring 0.6 0.3 1.3 0.1 Acquisition and integration charges 0.5 0.2 0.1 2.5 0.2 1.2 0.1 Amortization of purchased intangibles 2.1 0.9 2.3 0.8 8.3 0.8 26.9 2.9 Impairment charges 1.8 0.8 1.8 0.2 Adjusted operating earnings 22.1 9.3 34.0 12.4 112.5 11.1 98.0 10.6 Retail Net sales 244.9 100.0 288.0 100.0 1,043.7 100.0 1,088.4 100.0 Gross margin 94.7 38.7 131.9 45.8 394.5 37.8 487.0 44.7 Total operating expenses 105.5 43.1 94.5 32.8 410.0 39.3 352.5 32.4 Operating (loss) earnings (10.8) (4.4) 37.4 13.0 (15.5) (1.5) 134.5 12.4 Adjustments Restructuring Charges 8.4 3.4 9.9 0.9 Acquisition and integration charges 0.2 0.3 Amortization of purchased intangibles 0.6 0.2 1.3 0.5 4.1 0.4 7.8 0.7 Impairment charges 3.5 1.4 40.7 3.9 Adjusted operating earnings 1.7 0.7 38.7 13.4 39.4 3.8 142.6 13.1 Corporate Operating expenses 16.1 18.0 60.4 140.6 Operating (loss) (16.1) (18.0) (60.4) (140.6) Adjustments Acquisition and integration charges 1.3 3.7 5.6 93.1 Adjusted operating (loss) (14.8) (14.3) (54.8) (47.5) MillerKnoll, Inc. Net sales 956.7 100.0 1,100.5 100.0 4,087.1 100.0 3,946.0 100.0 Gross margin 354.7 37.1 382.5 34.8 1,430.0 35.0 1,352.7 34.3 Total operating expenses 343.1 35.9 325.5 29.6 1,307.7 32.0 1,312.9 33.3 Operating earnings 11.6 1.2 57.0 5.2 122.3 3.0 39.8 1.0 Adjustments Restructuring Charges 14.2 1.5 34.0 0.8 Acquisition and integration charges 5.3 0.6 7.5 0.7 18.0 0.4 124.5 3.2 Amortization of purchased intangibles 5.9 0.6 6.7 0.6 25.3 0.6 63.4 1.6 Gain on Sale of Dealer (2.0) (0.1) Impairment charges 19.7 2.1 56.9 1.4 Adjusted operating earnings 56.7 5.9 71.2 6.5 256.5 6.3 225.7 5.7 
 27 

The following table reconciles net sales to organic net sales for the years ended as indicated below (in millions): 
 Twelve Months Ended June 3, 2023 Americas International Specialty Retail Total Net sales, as reported 2,026.1 1,017.3 1,043.7 4,087.1 change from PY 5.0 9.6 (4.1) 3.6 Adjustments Acquisition (77.2) (55.5) (31.1) (163.8) Currency translation effects (1) 
 6.1 42.9 26.8 75.8 Impact of extra week in FY23 (27.4) (11.6) (13.7) (52.7) Net sales, organic 1,927.6 993.1 1,025.7 3,946.4 change from PY 0.3 7.0 (5.1) 0.4 Twelve Months Ended May 28, 2022 Americas International Specialty Retail Total Net sales, as reported 1,929.1 928.5 1,088.4 3,946.0 Adjustments Divestitures (6.7) (7.9) (14.6) Net sales, organic 1,922.4 928.5 1,080.5 3,931.4 (1) Currency translation effects represent the estimated net impact of translating current period sales and orders using the average exchange rates applicable to the comparable prior year period. 

28 

The following tables reconcile orders as reported to organic orders for the periods ended as indicated below (in millions): 
 Twelve Months Ended June 3, 2023 Americas International Specialty Retail Total Orders, as reported 1,901.3 944.0 989.0 3,834.3 change from PY (9.1) (4.1) (10.7) (8.3) Adjustments Acquisition (80.3) (57.5) (32.3) (170.1) Currency translation effects (1) 
 3.9 39.8 25.2 68.9 Impact of extra week in FY23 (24.0) (10.3) (12.4) (46.7) Orders, organic 1,800.9 916.0 969.5 3,686.4 change from PY (13.4) (7.0) (11.8) (11.5) Twelve Months Ended May 28, 2022 Americas International Specialty Retail Total Orders, as reported 2,091.5 984.7 1,107.3 4,183.5 Adjustments Divestitures (11.4) (8.5) (19.9) Orders, organic 2,080.1 984.7 1,098.8 4,163.6 (1) Currency translation effects represent the estimated net impact of translating current period sales and orders using the average exchange rates applicable to the comparable prior year period. 
 The following table reconciles EPS to Adjusted EPS for the years ended as of indicated below: 
 Twelve Months Ended June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 (Loss) Earnings per Share - Diluted 0.55 (0.37) Add: Amortization of purchased intangibles 0.33 0.87 Add: Acquisition and integration charges 0.24 1.71 Add: Restructuring charges 0.45 Add: Impairment charges 0.76 Add: Special charges (0.01) Add: Debt extinguishment 0.18 Less: Gain on sale of dealer (0.03) Tax impact on adjustments (0.48) (0.43) Adjusted earnings per share - diluted 1.85 1.92 Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (used for Calculating Adjusted Earnings per Share) Diluted 76,024,368 73,160,212 
 
 29 

Financial Results 
 The following is a comparison of our annual results of operations and year-over-year percentage changes for the periods indicated: 
 (Dollars in millions) Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change Net sales 4,087.1 3,946.0 3.6 Cost of sales 2,657.1 2,593.3 2.5 Gross margin 1,430.0 1,352.7 5.7 Operating expenses 1,307.7 1,312.9 (0.4) Operating earnings 122.3 39.8 207.3 Other expenses, net 70.9 48.4 46.5 Earnings (loss) before income taxes and equity income 51.4 (8.6) 697.7 Income tax expense 4.5 11.1 (59.5) Equity (loss) from nonconsolidated affiliates, net of tax (0.8) Net earnings (loss) 46.1 (19.7) 334.0 Net earnings attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 4.0 7.4 (45.9) Net earnings (loss) attributable to MillerKnoll, Inc. 42.1 (27.1) 255.4 
 The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the components of the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income as a percentage of Net sales: 
 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Net sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales 65.0 65.7 Gross margin 35.0 34.3 Operating expenses 32.0 33.3 Operating earnings 3.0 1.0 Other expenses, net 1.7 1.2 Earnings (loss) before income taxes and equity income 1.3 (0.2) Income tax expense 0.1 0.3 Equity income from nonconsolidated affiliates, net of tax Net earnings (loss) 1.1 (0.5) Net earnings attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 0.1 0.2 Net earnings (loss) attributable to MillerKnoll, Inc. 1.0 (0.7) 
 30 

Net Sales 
 The following chart presents graphically the primary drivers of the year-over-year change in Net sales. The amounts presented in the bar graph are expressed in millions and have been rounded. 
 
 Net sales increased 141 million or 3.6 compared to the prior year fiscal period. The following items primarily contributed to the change: 
 Incremental price increases, net of price discounting drove an increase in net sales of approximately 246 million. 
 Increase of 161 million due to the Knoll acquisition that was completed on July 19, 2021 of the prior year, net of a decrease in sales related to the divestiture of an owned dealership in the prior year and a decrease related to the closure of Fully of 8 million. 
 The additional week during the first quarter of the current year contributed approximately 53 million of the Net sales increase. 
 Increased sales volumes within the International Contract Specialty segment contributed to sales growth in the year by approximately 43 million. The International Contract Specialty segment's growth was driven, in part, by a strong backlog of orders in the first half of the year. 
 Foreign currency translation decreased Net sales by approximately 76 million. 
 Decreased sales volume within the Global Retail and Americas segments also offset these increases by approximately 79 million and 199 million, respectively. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 Gross margin was 35.0 for fiscal 2023 as compared to 34.3 for fiscal 2022. The following factors summarize the major drivers of the year-over-year change in gross margin percentage: 
 The positive impact of price increases, net of incremental discount, contributed to margin improvement by approximately 360 basis points. 
 The impact of amortization of purchased intangibles related to the Knoll acquisition recorded in the prior year that did not occur in the current period had a favorable impact on gross margin of approximately 30 basis points. 
 Cost pressures from commodities, storage and handling costs, freight, and product distribution costs decreased gross margin by approximately 190 basis points. These costs offset savings from the realization of incremental synergies associated with the Knoll acquisition as compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Increased labor costs as well as loss of labor and overhead leverage due to reduced production volumes had a negative impact on margin as compared to the same period in the prior year of approximately 80 basis points. 
 Unfavorable channel and product mix, as well as charges related to the recording of obsolete inventory along with the closure of the Fully business contributed to the remaining decrease in gross margin. 
 31 

Operating Expenses 
 The following chart presents graphically the primary drivers of the year-over-year change in Operating expenses. The amounts presented in the bar graph are expressed in millions and have been rounded. 
 
 Operating expenses decreased by 5 million or 0.4 compared to the prior year fiscal period. The following factors contributed to the change: 
 Knoll deal and integration related costs and amortization expense decreased 132 million from the prior year period; 
 Compensation and benefit costs decreased approximately 14 million, driven primarily by a decrease in variable-based compensation, decreases in discretionary employee benefits, and realization of synergies associated with the Knoll acquisition; 
 Favorable foreign currency translation of approximately 11 million primarily related to the International and Specialty segment. These factors were offset in part by; 
 Restructuring charges related to voluntary and involuntary reductions in the Company's workforce, charges for the impairment of assets associated with the decision to cease operating Fully as a stand-alone brand and charges related to the impairment of the Knoll trade name contributed to an increase in Operating expenses of approximately 75 million; 
 The consolidation of Knoll results for the entirety of the first quarter of fiscal 2023, which increased Operating expenses by 50 million; 
 The impact of an extra week in the first quarter of fiscal 2023, which increased Operating expenses by approximately 13 million; 
 Studio costs, which increased by approximately 10 million, related to the expansion of physical store locations within the Global Retail segment; and 
 Warranty costs, which increased by approximately 8 million in the year driven primarily by a favorable adjustment to the general accrual in the prior year that did not re-occur in the current period and increased warranty expenses in the current year within the Americas segment. 
 32 

Other Income/Expense 
 Net other expenses for fiscal 2023 were 70.9 million compared to 48.4 million in fiscal 2022. Other income/expense in the twelve months ended May 28, 2022 included a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately 13.4 million which represented the premium on early debt redemption. This was offset by increased Interest expense of 36.2 million as compared to the same period of the prior year, driven by higher levels of debt and increased interest rates as compared to the same period of the prior year. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 See Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 33 

Operating Segments Results 
 The business is comprised of various operating segments as defined by U.S. GAAP. These operating segments are determined on the basis of how the Company internally reports and evaluates financial information used to make operating decisions. The segments identified by the Company include Americas Contract, International Contract Specialty, and Global Retail. The Company also reports a Corporate category consisting primarily of unallocated expenses related to general corporate functions, including, but not limited to, certain legal, executive, corporate finance, information technology, administrative and acquisition-related costs. Effective as of May 29, 2022, the start of fiscal year 2023, the Company implemented an organizational change that resulted in a change in the reportable segments.The Company has recast historical results to reflect this change. For descriptions of each segment, refer to Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The charts below present the relative mix of net sales and operating earnings across each of the Company's segments. This is followed by a discussion of the Company's results, by segment. 

34 

Americas Contract ("Americas") 
 (Dollars in millions) Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change Net sales 2,026.1 1,929.1 97.0 Gross margin 611.2 493.1 118.1 Gross margin 30.2 25.6 4.6 Operating earnings (loss) 99.6 (24.0) 123.6 Operating earnings 4.9 (1.2) 6.1 
 Net sales increased 5.0 , or 0.3 ) on an organic basis, over the prior year due to: 
 Price increases, net of incremental discounting, of approximately 200 million; and 
 An increase in sales of 74 million due to the Knoll acquisition that was completed on July 19, 2021. The increase represents the impact of consolidating Knoll results for the entirety of the first quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 An increase of approximately 27 million related to the additional week in the first quarter; offset in part by 
 The unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation which decreased sales by approximately 6 million; and 
 Decreased sales volume of approximately 199 million, which was driven by the impact of a challenging macro-economic environment compounded by pandemic-driven pent-up demand at the start of the prior year. 
 Operating earnings increased 123.6 million compared to the same period of the prior year due to: 
 Increased gross margin of 118.1 million due to the increase in net sales discussed above and an increase in gross margin percentage of 460 basis points. The increase in gross margin percentage was due primarily to: 
 The impact of incremental list price increases, net of contract price discounting, that increased gross margin percentage by 800 basis points; and 
 Amortization of purchased intangibles related to the Knoll acquisition recorded in the prior year that did not occur in the current period. These increases were offset in part by higher commodity and labor costs that decreased gross margin percentage by 320 basis points. 
 Realization of incremental synergies realized in fiscal year 2023 associated with the Knoll acquisition. Partially offset by; 
 Decreased operating expenses of 5.5 million. The following factors contributed to the change: 
 Lower amortization and deal and integration charges of 36 million. 
 A decrease in variable based compensation and benefits of 18 million. 
 A decrease in technology program costs of approximately 10 million, Partially offset by; 
 Increased restructuring expenses of approximately 23 million related to voluntary and involuntary reductions in the Company's workforces. 
 An increase of approximately 20 million from consolidating Knoll results for the entirety of the first quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 An increase of approximately 14 million related to the impairment of the Knoll Product trade name. 
 An increase of approximately 6 million related to the additional week in the first quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 The remaining difference is due to a decrease in marketing spend and costs related to product development, incremental savings realized through synergies associated with the Knoll acquisition, offset in part by increased warranty expense in the current year. 
 ) Non-GAAP measurements; see accompanying reconciliations and explanations. 
 35 

International Contract and Specialty ("International Specialty") 
 (Dollars in millions) Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change Net sales 1,017.3 928.5 88.8 Gross margin 424.3 372.6 51.7 Gross margin 41.7 40.1 1.6 Operating earnings 98.6 69.9 28.7 Operating earnings 9.7 7.5 2.2 
 Net sales increased 9.6 , or 7.0 ) on an organic basis, over the prior year due to: 
 An increase in sales of 56 million due to the Knoll acquisition that was completed on July 19, 2021. The increase represents the impact of consolidating Knoll results for the entirety of the first quarter of fiscal 2023; and 
 Increased sales volume of approximately 43 million; and 
 Price increases, net of incremental discounting of 22 million; and 
 The positive impact of the additional sales from the additional week in the first quarter of 12 million. Offset in part by; 
 Unfavorable foreign currency translation, which reduced sales by approximately 43 million. 
 Operating earnings increased 28.7 million, or 41.1 , compared to the prior year due to: 
 Increased gross margin of 51.7 million due to the increase in sales explained above as well as increased gross margin percentage of 160 basis points due primarily to the leverage of fixed costs on higher sales volume as well as from the impact of amortization of purchased intangibles related to the Knoll acquisition recorded in the prior year that did not occur in the current period; offset in part by 
 Increased operating expenses of 23.0 million driven primarily from consolidating Knoll results for the entirety of the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the impact of the additional week in the current period as compared to the prior year, partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign currency translation of 7.7 million and lower amortization and acquisition related deal and integration charges as compared to the same period of the prior year. 
 ) Non-GAAP measurements; see accompanying reconciliations and explanations. 
 36 

Global Retail 
 (Dollars in millions) Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change Net sales 1,043.7 1,088.4 (44.7) Gross margin 394.5 487.0 (92.5) Gross margin 37.8 44.7 (6.9) Operating (loss) earnings (15.5) 134.5 (150.0) Operating earnings (1.5) 12.4 (13.9) 
 Net sales decreased 4.1 as reported and 5.1 ) on an organic basis, over the prior year due to: 
 Decreased sales volumes of approximately 79 million which were driven primarily by changes in customer spending trends; 
 Decreased sales in the Fully business of 8 million year over year due to changing demand patterns for Fully product which led to the closure of Fully in the third quarter of fiscal 2023; and 
 The unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation, which decreased sales by approximately 27 million. Partially offset by; 
 An increase in sales of 31 million due to the Knoll acquisition that was completed on July 19, 2021. The increase represents the impact of consolidating Knoll results for the entirety of the first quarter of fiscal 2023; 
 Incremental price increases, net of discounting, of approximately 24 million; and 
 The positive impact of additional sales from the extra week in fiscal 2023 of 14 million. 
 Operating earnings decreased 150.0 million over the prior year due to: 
 Decreased gross margin of 92.5 million driven by: 
 Decrease in net sales discussed above as well as decreased gross margin percentage of 690 basis points attributable to the impact of impairment of inventory associated with the decision to cease operating Fully as a stand-alone brand; 
 The unfavorable impact of higher commodity and inventory storage costs; 
 Unfavorable changes in product mix, partially offset in part by the favorable impact of pricing; and 
 Increased operating expenses of 57.5 million driven primarily by: 
 Consolidating Knoll results for the entirety of the first quarter of fiscal 2023; 
 Charges for the impairment of assets associated with the decision to cease operating Fully as a stand-alone brand; 
 The impact of the additional week in the current period as compared to the prior year; and 
 Increased costs associated with retail studio locations and digital and technology program costs. These expenses were offset in part by reduced costs associated with variable based compensation and the realization of incremental synergies in fiscal year 2023 associated with the Knoll acquisition. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate unallocated expenses totaled 60.4 million for fiscal 2023, a decrease of 80.2 million from fiscal 2022. The decrease was driven primarily by a decrease in deal and integration costs related to the Knoll acquisition of 87.5 million. 
 ) Non-GAAP measurements; see accompanying reconciliations and explanations. 
 37 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The table below summarizes the net change in cash and cash equivalents for the fiscal years indicated. 
 Fiscal Year Ended (In millions) 2023 2022 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 162.9 (11.9) Investing activities (76.5) (1,172.4) Financing activities (86.8) 1,039.9 Effect of exchange rate changes (6.4) (21.7) Net change in cash and cash equivalents (6.8) (166.1) 
 Cash Flow Operating Activities 
 The principal source of our operating cash flow is net earnings, meaning cash receipts from the sale of our products, net of costs to manufacture, distribute, and market our products. Net cash provided by operating activities for the twelve months ended June 3, 2023 totaled 162.9 million, as compared to cash used of 11.9 million in the twelve months ended May 28, 2022. The increase in cash inflow is due primarily to an increase in earnings of 65.8 million in the current year compared to the prior year as well as a reduction in working capital. Our working capital consists primarily of receivables from customers, inventory, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, accrued compensation, and accrued other expenses. The following all affect these account balances: 
 The timing of collection of our receivables; 
 The timing of of planned promotional events in the Retail segment; 
 Customer demand trends for in-stock products; 
 Changes in supply chain lead times; and 
 Timing of spending commitments and payments of our accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued compensation and related benefits. 
 Cash Flow Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities for the twelve months ended June 3, 2023 was 76.5 million, as compared to 1,172.4 million in the twelve months ended May 28, 2022. The decrease in cash outflow in the current year, compared to the prior year, was primarily due to the acquisition of Knoll, which drove a cash outflow, net of cash acquired, of 1,088.5 million in the prior year period. Capital expenditures for the current year were 83.3 million as compared to 94.7 million in the prior year. In the twelve months ended June 3, 2023, we were advanced 13.5 million of cash against the value of company owned life insurance policies. 
 At the end of the fiscal 2023, there were outstanding commitments for capital purchases of 44.8 million. The Company plans to fund these commitments with cash on hand and/or cash generated from operations. The Company expects capital spending in fiscal 2024 to be between 80 million and 100 million, which will be primarily related to investments in the Company's facilities and equipment, investments to achieve costs synergies related to the Knoll acquisition, and investments associated with achieving the Company's sustainability goals. 
 Cash Flow Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities for the twelve months ended June 3, 2023 was 86.8 million, compared to cash provided by financing activities of 1,039.9 million in the twelve months ended May 28, 2022. The primary driver of the use of cash in fiscal 2023 was net payments on the revolving credit facility and long term debt of 12.6 million. In fiscal 2022, the net source of cash related to net borrowings of 1,007.0 million under the credit agreement the Company entered into in connection with the acquisition of Knoll as well as net proceeds from the credit facility and long term debt of 124.9 million. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 In addition to steps taken to protect its workforce and manage business operations, the Company has taken actions to safeguard its capital position in the current environment. The Company is closely managing spending levels, capital investments, and working capital. 
 38 

The Company maintains an open market share repurchase program under our existing share repurchase authorization and may repurchase shares from time to time based on management s evaluation of market conditions, share price and other factors. 
 At the end of fiscal 2023, the Company has a well-positioned balance sheet and liquidity profile. The Company has access to liquidity through credit facilities, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. These sources have been summarized below. For additional information, refer to Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (In millions) June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 223.5 230.3 Availability under revolving lines of credit (1) 
 284.2 296.6 Total liquidity 507.7 526.9 
 (1) Available access to our revolving line of credit is subject to covenant restrictions outlined in our credit agreement. 
 Of the cash and cash equivalents noted above at the end of fiscal 2023, the Company had 202.5 million of cash and cash equivalents held outside the United States. 
 The Company s revolving line of credit, which matures in July, 2026, provides the Company with up to 725 million in revolving variable interest borrowing capacity and allows the Company to borrow incremental amounts, at its option, subject to negotiated terms as outlined in the agreement. Outstanding borrowings bear interest at rates based on the prime rate, federal funds rate, SOFR or negotiated terms as outlined in the agreement. 
 As of June 3, 2023, the total debt outstanding related to borrowings under the syndicated revolving line of credit was 426.7 million with available borrowings against this facility of 284.2 million. 
 The Company intends to repatriate 169.4 million of undistributed foreign earnings, all of which is held in cash in certain foreign jurisdictions. The Company has recorded a 5.8 million deferred tax liability related to foreign withholding taxes on these future dividends received in the U.S. from foreign subsidiaries. A significant portion of the 169.4 million of undistributed foreign earnings was previously taxed under the U.S. Tax Cut and Jobs Act (TCJA). The Company intends to remain indefinitely reinvested in the remaining undistributed earnings outside the U.S. which is estimated to be approximately 282.2 million on June 3, 2023. 
 The Company believes cash on hand, cash generated from operations, and borrowing capacity will provide adequate liquidity to fund near term and foreseeable future business operations, capital needs, future dividends and share repurchases, subject to financing availability in the marketplace. 
 
 Contingencies 
 The Company is involved in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the outcome of such proceedings and litigation currently pending will not materially affect the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. Refer to Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information relating to contingencies. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The Company's fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to May 31. The fiscal year ended June 3, 2023, contained 53 weeks and the fiscal years ended May 28, 2022 and May 29, 2021 contained 52 weeks. The first quarter of fiscal 2023 contained 14 weeks while the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 and 2021 contained 13 weeks. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Contractual obligations associated with our ongoing business and financing activities will result in cash payments in future periods. The following table summarizes the amounts and estimated timing of these future cash payments. Further information regarding debt obligations can be found in Note 6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Additional information related to operating leases can be found in Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 39 

Payments due by fiscal year (In millions) Total 2024 2025-2026 2027-2028 Thereafter Short-term borrowings and long-term debt (1) 
 1,414.4 33.4 87.5 709.2 584.3 Estimated interest on debt obligations (1) 
 163.9 38.1 76.2 44.6 5.0 Operating leases 561.8 81.5 171.4 123.9 185.0 Purchase obligations 91.4 74.7 16.7 Pension and other post employment benefit plans funding (2) 
 5.2 4.7 0.1 0.1 0.3 Stockholder dividends (3) 
 14.5 14.5 Other (4) 
 6.9 0.8 1.4 1.2 3.5 Total 2,258.1 247.7 353.3 879.0 778.1 
 (1) Includes the current portion of long-term debt. Contractual cash payments on long-term debt obligations are disclosed herein based on the amounts borrowed as of June 3, 2023 and the maturity date of the underlying debt. Estimated future interest payments on our outstanding interest-bearing debt obligations are based on interest rates as of June 3, 2023. Actual cash outflows may differ significantly due to changes in borrowings or interest rates. 
 (2) Pension plan funding commitments are known for a 12-month period for those plans that are funded; unfunded pension and post-retirement plan funding amounts are equal to the estimated benefit payments . As of June 3, 2023, the total projected benefit obligation for our domestic and international employee pension benefit plans was 199.8 million. 
 (3) Represents the dividend payable as of June 3, 2023. Future dividend payments are not considered contractual obligations until declared. 
 (4) Other contractual obligations primarily represent long-term commitments related to deferred and supplemental employee compensation benefits, and other post-employment benefits. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our goal is to report financial results clearly and understandably. We follow accounting principles generally accepted in the United States in preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, which require us to make certain estimates and apply judgments that affect our financial position and results of operations. We continually review our accounting policies and financial information disclosures. These policies and disclosures are reviewed at least annually with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. 
 Business Combinations 
 Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and pre-acquisition contingencies. We use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date as well as the useful lives of those acquired intangible assets. 
 We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is allocated to goodwill. The allocation of the purchase consideration requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. These estimates are reviewed with our advisors and can include, but are not limited to: 
 future expected cash flows from acquired customer relationships and trade names, 
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the trademarks, and 
 discount rates 
 Our estimates of fair value are based upon reasonable assumptions but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and as a result, actual results may differ from these estimates. During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. During fiscal 2022, management considered the acquisition of Knoll a material acquisition. There were no material acquisitions during fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2021. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 40 

Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangibles 
 We perform our annual impairment assessment for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets each year as of March 31 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment might be possible. We may consider qualitative factors to assess if it is more likely than not that the fair value for goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets is below the carrying amount. We may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative assessment. 
 When the Company performs a quantitative assessment, the Company makes estimates about fair value by using a weighting of the income and the market approach. The income approach is based on projected discounted cash flows using a market participant discount rate. The market approach is based on financial multiples of companies comparable to each reporting unit and applies a control premium. We corroborate the fair value through a market capitalization reconciliation to determine if the implied control premium is reasonable based on the qualitative considerations, such as recent market transactions. 
 The Company believes its assumptions for assessing the impairment of its long-lived assets, goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names are reasonable, but future changes in the underlying assumptions could occur due to the inherent uncertainty in making such estimates. 
 Further declines in the Company s operating results due to challenging economic conditions, an unfavorable industry or macroeconomic development or other adverse changes in market conditions could change one of the key assumptions the Company uses to calculate the fair value of its long-lived assets, goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names, which could result in a further decline in fair value and require the Company to record an impairment charge in future periods. 
 Goodwill 
 Certain business acquisitions have resulted in the recording of goodwill. At June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022, we had goodwill recorded within the Consolidated Balance Sheets of 1,221.7 million and 1,226.2 million, respectively. 
 During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company assessed changes in circumstances that occurred during the quarter to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair values of any reporting units were below their carrying amounts. Although our annual impairment test is performed during the fourth quarter, we perform this qualitative assessment each interim reporting period. 
 While there was no single determinate event, the consideration in totality of several factors that developed during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 led us to conclude that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Global Retail reporting unit was below its carrying amount. These factors included: (i) the decision to discontinue stand-alone operations of the Fully brand and (ii) the assessment of our third quarter results, for which the performance of the Global Retail reporting unit was below management's expectations. 
 Accordingly, the Company performed an interim quantitative impairment analysis as of March 4, 2023 to determine the fair value of the Global Retail reporting unit as compared to the carrying value. In performing the quantitative impairment test, the Company determined that the fair value of the Global Retail reporting unit exceeded the carrying amount and, as such, the reporting unit was not impaired. The Company determined that the Global Retail reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 1 and therefore has a heightened risk of future impairments if any assumptions, estimates or market factors change in the future. In completing the quantitative analysis the fair value was estimated using a discount rate of 11.0 and long-term growth rate of 2.5 . 
 Generally, changes in estimates of expected future cash flows would have a similar effect on the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. For example, a 1.0 decrease in estimated annual future cash flows would decrease the estimated fair value of the reporting unit by approximately 1.0 . The estimated long-term growth rate can have a significant impact on the estimated future cash flows, and therefore, the fair value of each reporting unit. Of the other key assumptions that impact the estimated fair values, most reporting units have the greatest sensitivity to changes in the estimated discount rate. 
 The Company evaluated the sensitivity of changes in forecasted sales, operating margin and the discount rate for the Global Retail reporting unit. Reducing the Global Retail reporting unit's forecasted sales by 5 in all years, and leaving all other assumptions static, would result in an impairment of 26.0 million. A decrease in the operating margin of 100 basis points would result in an impairment of 60.0 million. An increase in the discount rate of 100 basis points would result in an impairment of 46.0 million. 
 
 Each of the reporting units was reviewed for impairment using a qualitative assessment as of March 31, 2023. The Company elected to test each reporting unit qualitatively, as is permitted under ASU 2011-08, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 
 41 

350): Testing Goodwill for Impairment, as the Company concluded it to be more likely than not that their estimated fair values are greater than their respective carrying values. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded in fiscal 2023, 2022, or 2021. 
 In instances in which a quantitative assessment is performed, the Company utilizes a weighting of the income approach and the market method to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit. These approaches are based on a discounted cash flow analysis and observable comparable company information that use several inputs, including: 
 forecasted sales growth rates and operating margins, 
 discount rates based on the reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital, and 
 revenue and EBITDA of comparable companies 
 Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 Certain business acquisitions have resulted in the recording of trade names as indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are not amortized. At June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022, the Company held trade name assets with a carrying value of 480.7 million and 501.0 million, respectively. 
 The Company evaluates indefinite-lived trade name intangible assets for impairment using a qualitative assessment annually. The Company also tests for impairment using a quantitative assessment if events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is below its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recorded if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the estimated fair value on the measurement date. 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company determined through a qualitative assessment that the Knoll trade name carrying value was more then likely above its fair value. As a result, the Company performed a quantitative assessment to determine the fair value and as a result recognized a 19.7 million non-cash impairment charge to the indefinite-lived trade name. 
 In performing this quantitative assessment, we estimated the fair value using the relief-from-royalty method which requires assumptions related to: 
 forecasted sales growth rates, 
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the trademark, and 
 a market participant discount rate based on a weighted-average cost of capital. 
 The assumptions used reflect management s best estimate; however, actual results could differ from our estimates. In completing our annual indefinite-lived trade name impairment test, fair value of the Knoll trade name was estimated using a discount rate of 12.0 , royalty rate of 2.00 and long-term growth rate of 2.5 . The Company s estimates of the fair value of its Knoll indefinite-lived intangible asset is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions above as well as projected financial performance. Therefore, a sensitivity analysis was performed on certain key assumptions. 
 Keeping all other assumptions constant, a 10 decrease in forecasted sales at June 3, 2023 would have resulted in 15.3 million of additional pre-tax impairment charges. Keeping all other assumptions constant, a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate would have resulted in an additional 15.0 million of impairment charges. A decrease in the royalty rate of 25 basis points would result in an additional 20.0 million of impairment charges. 
 If the estimated cash flows related to the Company's indefinite-lived intangibles were to decline in future periods, the Company may need to record an impairment charge. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 The Company evaluates other long-lived assets and acquired business units for indicators of impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. If such indicators are present, the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to the asset group are compared to the carrying value of the asset or asset group. The judgments regarding the existence of impairment are based on market conditions, operational performance, and estimated future cash flows. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired, an impairment charge is recorded to adjust the asset to its estimated fair value. 
 In the third quarter of fiscal 2023 the decision was made to cease operating Fully as a stand-alone brand and sales channel and instead sell certain Fully products through other channels already existing within the Global Retail business. Management identified this decision as a indicator of impairment, and accordingly recorded impairment of certain long-lived assets within the Fully asset group. Impairment charges of long-lived assets within the Fully business were 21.5 million in fiscal 2023 and 
 42 

are recorded within "Impairment charges" within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. No other asset groups were identified as having indicators of impairment. 
 The table below provides information related to the impairment of long-lived assets within the Fully asset group during fiscal 2023. 
 (In millions) Fully Long-Lived Asset Impairment Property and equipment 3.8 Right of use assets 6.1 Definite lived trade name 11.6 Total 21.5 
 In fiscal 2022 the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 15.5 million related to the discontinued use of a long-lived asset that was a direct result of integration activities associated with the Knoll acquisition. 
 The Company believes its assumptions for assessing the impairment of its long-lived assets, goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names are reasonable, but if actual results are not consistent with management's estimates and assumptions, a material impairment charge could occur, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 Refer to Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to new accounting standards. 
 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements relate to future events and anticipated results of operations, business strategies, the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of Knoll, the anticipated impact of the Knoll acquisition on the combined company s business and future financial and operating results, the expected amount and timing of synergies from the Knoll acquisition, and other aspects of our operations or operating results. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as will, expects, anticipates, foresees, forecasts, estimates or other words or phrases of similar import. It is uncertain whether any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do, what impact they will have on the results of operations and financial condition of MillerKnoll or the price of MillerKnoll s stock. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond MillerKnoll s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to: general economic conditions; the impact of and any related company or government policies and actions to protect the health and safety of individuals or government policies or actions to maintain the functioning of national or global economies, and the impact of public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics; risks related to the additional debt incurred in connection with the Knoll acquisition; MillerKnoll s ability to comply with its debt covenants and obligations; the risk that the anticipated benefits of the Knoll acquisition will be more costly to realize than expected; the effect of the announcement of the Knoll acquisition on the ability of MillerKnoll to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with customers, suppliers and others with whom MillerKnoll does business, or on MillerKnoll s operating results and business generally; the ability to successfully integrate Knoll s operations; the ability of MillerKnoll to implement its plans, forecasts and other expectations with respect to MillerKnoll s business after the completion of the Knoll acquisition and realize expected synergies; business disruption following the Knoll acquisition; the availability and pricing of raw materials; the financial strength of our dealers and the financial strength of our customers; the success of newly-introduced products; the pace and level of government procurement; and the outcome of pending litigation or governmental audits or investigations. For additional information about other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to MillerKnoll s periodic reports and other filings with the SEC, including the risk factors identified in this report. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof. MillerKnoll does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except as required by law. 
 43 

Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The Company manufactures, markets, and sells its products throughout the world and, as a result, is subject to changing economic conditions, which could reduce the demand for its products. 
 Direct Material Costs 
 The Company is exposed to risks arising from price changes for certain direct materials and assembly components used in its operations. The largest of such costs incurred by the Company are for steel, plastics, textiles, wood particleboard and aluminum components. The impact from changes in all commodity prices decreased the Company's costs by approximately 3.5 million during fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year primarily due to increased plastic costs offset by decreased steel costs. The impact from changes in commodity prices increased the Company's costs by approximately 55.3 million during fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. Note that these changes include the impact of Chinese tariffs on the Company's direct material costs. 
 The market prices for commodities will fluctuate over time and the Company acknowledges that such changes are likely to impact its costs for key direct materials and assembly components. Consequently, it views the prospect of such changes as an outlook risk to the business. 
 Significant increases in raw materials can be difficult to offset with price increases due to existing contractual agreements with customers as well as difficulty finding effective financial instruments to hedge these changes. In the short term, our gross margin has been and is expected to be negatively impacted by significant increases in these costs. Our profitability could be negatively impacted in the long term if we are not able to pass along these higher raw material costs to our customers. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 The Company primarily manufactures its products in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, China, Italy, India, Mexico and Brazil. It also sources completed products and product components from outside the United States. The Company's completed products are sold in numerous countries around the world. Sales in foreign countries as well as certain expenses related to those sales are transacted in currencies other than the Company's reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, production costs and profit margins related to these sales are affected by the currency exchange relationship between the countries where the sales take place and the countries where the products are sourced or manufactured. These currency exchange relationships can also impact the Company's competitive positions within these markets. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts denominated in foreign currencies. The principal foreign currencies in which the Company conducts its business are the British pound sterling, euro, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Hong Kong dollar, Chinese renminbi, and the Danish krone. As of June 3, 2023, the Company had outstanding 35 forward currency instruments designed to offset either net asset or net liability exposure that is denominated in non-functional currencies. 
 44 

(In millions, except number of forward contracts) Net Asset Exposure Currency Number of Forward Contracts Net Exposure USD 6 74.2 DKK 3 11.1 EUR 3 59.3 GBP 3 6.5 KWN 1 2,599.6 SEK 2 21.8 NOK 1 11.9 CNY 1 19.5 JPY 1 403.5 ZAR 1 20.4 Net Liability Exposure Currency Number of Forward Contracts Net Exposure USD 6 25.4 GBP 2 1.0 AUD 1 5.5 CAD 1 12.9 HKD 1 222.6 CNH 2 194.3 
 As of May 28, 2022, t he Company had outstanding, 22 forward currency instruments designed to offset either net asset or net liability exposure that is denominated in non-functional currencies. 
 (In millions, except number of forward contracts) Net Asset Exposure Currency Number of Forward Contracts Net Exposure USD 6 39.2 EUR 3 66.6 NOK 1 14.0 SEK 1 23.4 GBP 1 1.7 ZAR 1 19.4 Net Liability Exposure Currency Number of Forward Contracts Net Exposure USD 6 14.9 CAD 2 15.9 GBP 1 41.5 
 The cost of the foreign currency hedges and remeasuring all foreign currency transactions into the appropriate functional currency resulted in a net gain of 4.8 million in fiscal 2023 compared to net gain of 3.3 million in fiscal 2022 included in net earnings. These amounts are included in Other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Additionally, the cumulative effect of translating the balance sheet and income statement accounts from the functional currency into the United States dollar decreased the accumulated comprehensive loss component of total stockholders' equity by 20.1 million compared to an decrease of 90.0 million as of the end of fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 45 

Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements to manage its exposure to interest rate changes and its overall cost of borrowing. The Company's interest rate swap agreements were entered into to exchange variable rate interest payments for fixed rate payments over the life of the agreement without the exchange of the underlying notional amounts. The notional amount of the interest rate swap agreements is used to measure interest to be paid or received and does not represent the amount of exposure to credit loss. The differential paid or received on the interest rate swap agreements is recognized as an adjustment to interest expense. 
 These interest rate swap derivative instruments are held and used by the Company as a tool for managing interest rate risk. They are not used for trading or speculative purposes. The counterparties to the swap instruments are large financial institutions that the Company believes are of high-quality creditworthiness. While the Company may be exposed to potential losses due to the credit risk of non-performance by these counterparties, such losses are not anticipated. 
 In September 2016, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement. The interest rate swap is for an aggregate notional amount of 150.0 million with a forward start date of January 3, 2018 and a termination date of January 3, 2028. As a result of the transaction, the Company effectively converted the interest rate on indebtedness anticipated to be borrowed on its revolving line of credit up to the notional amount from a LIBOR-based floating interest rate plus applicable margin to a 1.949 fixed interest rate plus applicable margin as of the forward start date. The swap agreement was amended in February 2023 for each calculation period beginning on February 3, 2023, and thereafter, to replace the LIBOR-based floating interest rate with a Term SOFR rate, and a 1.910 modified fixed interest rate. 
 
 In June 2017, the Company entered into a second interest rate swap agreement. The interest rate swap is for an aggregate notional amount of 75.0 million with a forward start date of January 3, 2018 and a termination date of January 3, 2028. As a result of the transaction, the Company effectively converted the interest rate on indebtedness anticipated to be borrowed on its revolving line of credit up to the notional amount from a LIBOR-based floating interest rate plus applicable margin to a 2.387 fixed interest rate plus applicable margin under the agreement as of the forward start date. The swap agreement was amended in February 2023 for each calculation period beginning on February 3, 2023, and thereafter, to replace the LIBOR-based floating interest rate with a Term SOFR rate, and a 2.348 modified fixed interest rate. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company entered into a third interest rate swap agreement. The interest rate swap is for an aggregate notional amount of 575.0 million with a forward start date of January 31, 2022 and a maturity date of January 29, 2027. The interest rate swap locked in the Company s interest rate on forecasted outstanding borrowings of 575 million at 1.689 exclusive of the credit spread on the variable rate debt. The Company effectively will convert LIBOR-based floating interest rate plus applicable margin indebtedness to a 1.689 fixed interest rate plus applicable margin under the agreement as of the forward start date. The swap agreement was amended in February 2023 for each calculation period beginning on January 31, 2023, and thereafter, to replace the LIBOR-based floating interest rate with a Term SOFR rate, and a 1.650 modified fixed interest rate. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into a fourth interest rate swap agreement. The interest rate swap is for an aggregate notional amount of 150.0 million with a forward start date of March 3, 2023 and a termination date of January 3, 2029. As a result of the transaction, under the terms of the agreement the Company effectively will convert one month Spread Adjusted Term SOFR floating interest rate plus applicable margin to 3.950 fixed interest rate and adjustment plus applicable margin as of the forward start date. "Spread Adjusted Term SOFR" means Term SOFR plus an adjustment that varies with tenor. The Company typically selects a one month tenor and that is calculated as the one month Term SOFR rate plus 0.11448 . 
 The fair market value of the effective interest rate swap instruments was a net asset of 56.9 million at June 3, 2023 compared to a net asset of 31.9 million at May 28, 2022. All cash flows related to the Company's interest rate swap instruments are denominated in U.S. Dollars. For further information, refer to Note 6 and Note 12 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Expected cash outflows (notional amounts) over the next five years and thereafter related to debt instruments are as follows. 
 46 

(In millions) 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total (1) 
 Long-Term Debt Instruments: Interest rate 1.650 (2) 
 575.0 575.0 Interest rate 1.910 (2) 
 150.0 150.0 Interest rate 2.348 (2) 
 75.0 75.0 Interest rate 3.950 (2) 
 150.0 150.0 
 (1) Amount does not include the recorded fair value of the swap instruments. 
 (2) The Company's revolving credit facility and Term Loans have a variable interest rate, but due to the interest rate swaps, the rate on 150.0 million, 75.0 million, 575.0 million and 150.0 million will be fixed at 1.65 , 1.91 , 2.348 and 3.95 , respectively. 
 47 

Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 MillerKnoll, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Year Ended (In millions, except per share data) June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 May 29, 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross margin Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Impairment charges Restructuring expenses Design and research 
 Total operating expenses Operating earnings Interest expense 
 Interest and other investment income Other (income) expense, net ) ) Earnings (loss) before income taxes and equity income ) Income tax expense Equity (loss) earnings from nonconsolidated affiliates, net of tax ) Net earnings (loss) ) Net earnings attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Net earnings (loss) attributable to MillerKnoll, Inc. ) Earnings (loss) per share - basic ) Earnings (loss) per share - diluted ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Pension and post-retirement liability adjustments Unrealized gains on interest rate swap agreement Unrealized holding (losses) gains on securities ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to MillerKnoll, Inc. ) 
 48 

MillerKnoll, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and 
 Unbilled accounts receivable Inventories, net Prepaid expenses Other current assets 
 Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and 
 Right of use assets Goodwill Indefinite-lived intangibles Other amortizable intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and 
 Other noncurrent assets 
 Total Assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt Accrued compensation and benefits Short-term lease liability Accrued warranty Customer deposits Other accrued liabilities 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt Pension and post-retirement benefits Lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 Total Liabilities Redeemable noncontrolling interests Stockholders' Equity: Preferred stock, no par value shares authorized, ne issued) 
 Common stock, par value shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding in 2023 and 2022, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Total Stockholders' Equity Total Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Stockholders' Equity 
 49 

MillerKnoll, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Deferred Compensation Plan MillerKnoll, Inc. Stockholders' Equity (In millions, except share and per share data) Shares Amount May 30, 2020 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options Restricted and performance stock units released Employee stock purchase plan issuances Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Directors' fees Deferred compensation plan Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Redemption value adjustment ) ) Other ) ) May 29, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Restricted stock issuance ) Exercise of stock options Restricted and performance stock units released ) Employee stock purchase plan issuances Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Directors' fees direct issuance Director's fees deferred restricted stock units Deferred compensation plan Shares issued for the Acquisition of Knoll Pre-combination expense from Knoll rollover NCI Adjustment NCI Valuation ) ) Restricted stock units dividend reinvestment ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) May 28, 2022 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock-based compensation expense ) Exercise of stock options Restricted and performance stock units released Employee stock purchase plan issuances Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Deferred stock unit Director's fees NCI Valuation ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Other ) June 3, 2023 ) 
 50 

MillerKnoll, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended (In millions) June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 May 29, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net earnings (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization expense Loss (gain) on sales of property and dealers ) Deferred taxes ) ) Pension contributions ) ) ) Impairment charges Loss on extinguishment of debt Restructuring expenses Stock-based compensation Amortization of deferred financing costs (Increase) decrease in long-term assets ) ) (Decrease) increase in long-term liabilities ) ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable unbilled accounts receivable ) ) Decrease (increase) in inventories ) ) Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other ) ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable ) (Decrease) increase in accrued liabilities ) Other, net ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Notes receivable issued ) ) ) Marketable securities purchases ) Marketable securities sales Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and dealers Proceeds from life insurance policy Acquisitions, net of cash received ) Other, net ) ) Net Cash (Used in) Investing Activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of discounts Payments of deferred financing costs ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from credit facility Repayments of credit facility ) ) ) Payment of make whole premium on debt ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Common stock issued Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) Other, net ) ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net (Decrease) In Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year Other Cash Flow Information Interest paid Income taxes paid, net of cash received 
 51 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies 
 53 
 Note 2 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 61 
 Note 3 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 64 
 Note 4 Inventories 
 66 
 Note 5 Investments in Nonconsolidated Affiliates 
 67 
 Note 6 Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt 
 68 
 Note 7 Leases 
 69 
 Note 8 Employee Benefit Plans 
 70 
 Note 9 Common Stock and Per Share Information 
 74 
 Note 10 Stock-Based Compensation 
 74 
 Note 11 Income Taxes 
 79 
 Note 12 Fair Value 
 83 
 Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies 
 87 
 Note 14 Operating Segments 
 88 
 Note 15 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 91 
 Note 16 Restructuring Expenses 
 91 
 Note 17 Variable Interest Entities 
 93 
 
 52 

1. 
 Description of Business 
 The Company researches, designs, manufactures, sells and distributes interior furnishings for use in various environments including office, healthcare, educational and residential settings and provides related services that support companies all over the world. The Company's products are sold primarily through independent contract furniture dealers, retail studios, the Company's eCommerce platforms, direct-mail catalogs, as well as direct customer sales and independent retailers. 
 MillerKnoll is a collective of dynamic brands that comes together to design the world we live in. A global leader in design, MillerKnoll includes Herman Miller and Knoll , as well as Colebrook Bosson Saunders , DatesWeiser , Design Within Reach , Edelman Leather, Geiger , HAY , Holly Hunt , KnollTextiles , Maars Living Walls, Maharam , Muuto , NaughtOne , and Spinneybeck |FilzFelt . Combined, MillerKnoll represents over 100 years of design research and exploration in service of humanity. The Company is united by a belief in design as a tool to create positive impact and shape a more sustainable, caring, and beautiful future for all people and the planet. 

The financial statement impact of gains and losses resulting from remeasuring foreign currency transactions into the appropriate functional currency resulted in a net loss of million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended June 3, 2023, May 28, 2022, and May 29, 2021, respectively. These amounts are included in Other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 million an d million as of June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022 , respectively. All cash equivalents are high-credit quality financial instruments and the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or instrument is limited. 
 million. 
 53 

Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Net goodwill as of May 29, 2021 
 Balance at May 28, 2022 Goodwill Sale of owned dealer ) ) Acquisition of Knoll Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Net goodwill as of May 28, 2022 
 Balance at June 3, 2023 Goodwill Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Net goodwill balance as of June 3, 2023 
 
 54 

Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Acquisition of Knoll Balance at May 28, 2022 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Impairment charges ) Balance at June 3, 2023 
 and therefore has a heightened risk of future impairments if any assumptions, estimates or market factors change in the future. 
 The test for impairment requires the Company to make several estimates about fair value, most of which are based on projected future cash flows and market valuation multiples. We estimated the fair value of the Global Retail reporting unit using a discounted cash flow analysis. The discounted cash flow analysis used the present value of projected cash flows and a residual value. 
 The Company employed a market-based approach in selecting the discount rate used in our analysis. The discount rate selected represents the market rates of return equal to what the Company believes a reasonable investor would expect to achieve on investments of similar size to the Company's reporting units. The Company believes the discount rate selected in the quantitative assessment is appropriate in that exceeds the estimated weighted average cost of capital for our business as a 
 55 

in all years, and leaving all other assumptions static, would result in an impairment of million. A decrease in the operating margin of basis points would result in an impairment of million. An increase in the discount rate of basis points would result in an impairment of million. 
 The Company evaluates indefinite-lived trade name intangible assets for impairment using a qualitative assessment annually. The Company also tests for impairment using a quantitative assessment if events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is below its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recorded if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the estimated fair value on the measurement date. 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company determined through a qualitative assessment that the Knoll trade name carrying value was more then likely above its fair value. As a result, the Company performed a quantitative assessment to determine the fair value and as a result recognized a million non-cash impairment charge to the indefinite-lived trade name. The carrying value of the Knoll trade name as of the measurement date was million. The fair value of the Knoll trade name as of the measurement date is million. 
 In performing this quantitative assessment, we estimated the fair value using the relief-from-royalty method which requires assumptions related to: 
 forecasted revenue growth rate, 
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the trademark, and 
 a market participant discount rate based on a weighted-average cost of capital. 
 The assumptions used reflect management s best estimate; however, actual results could differ from our estimates. In completing our annual indefinite-lived trade name impairment test, fair value of the Knoll trade name was estimated using a discount rate of , royalty rate of and long-term growth rate of . The Company s estimates of the fair value of its Knoll indefinite-lived intangible asset is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions above as well as projected financial performance. Therefore, a sensitivity analysis was performed on certain key assumptions. 
 Keeping all other assumptions constant, a decrease in forecasted sales at June 3, 2023 would have resulted in million of additional pre-tax impairment charges. A decrease in the royalty rate of basis points would result in an additional million of impairment charges. Keeping all other assumptions constant, a basis point increase in the discount rate would have resulted in an additional million of impairment charges. 
 If the estimated cash flows related to the Company's indefinite-lived intangibles were to decline in future periods, the Company may need to record an impairment charge. 
 to years for machinery and equipment and do not exceed years for buildings. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the asset. The Company capitalizes certain costs incurred in connection with the development, testing and installation of software for internal use and cloud computing arrangements. Software for internal use is included in property and equipment and is depreciated over an estimated useful life not exceeding years. Depreciation and amortization expense is included in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income in the Cost of sales, Selling, general and administrative and Design and research line items. 
 56 

Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 As of the end of fiscal 2023, outstanding commitments for future capital purchases approximated million. 
 Other Long-Lived Assets 

Accumulated amortization Impairment Net May 28, 2022 Patent and Trademarks Customer Relationships Designs and Patterns Backlog Other Total Gross carrying value Accumulated amortization Net 
 year to years, or on an accelerated basis, to reflect the expected realization of the economic benefits. It is estimated that the weighted-average remaining useful life of the patents and trademarks is approximately and the weighted-average remaining useful life of the customer relationships is . 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 In the third quarter of fiscal 2023 the decision was made to cease operating Fully as a stand-alone brand and sales channel and instead sell certain Fully products through other channels of the Global Retail business. As a result of this decision, the 
 57 

million in the third quarter of fiscal 2023. Of this amount, million of the impairment related to the Fully trade name. 
 Right of use asset Trade name Total 
 
 Auto liability Workers' compensation Health benefit 
 The Company accrues for its self-insurance arrangements, as well as reserves for health, prescription drugs, and dental benefit exposures based on actuarial estimates, which are recorded in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The value of the liability as of June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022 was million and million, respectively. The actuarial valuations are based on historical information along with certain assumptions about future events. Changes in assumptions for such matters as legal actions, medical costs, payment lag times and changes in actual experience could cause these estimates to change. The general, auto, and workers' compensation liabilities are managed through the Company's wholly-owned insurance captive. 
 million, million and million, in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 million , million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively. They are included in Design and research expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 58 

59 

60 

See Note 12 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the required fair value disclosures. 
 See Note 12 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding derivatives. 
 
 2. 
 61 

Multiple performance obligations Product revenue Service revenue Other Total 
 The Company internally reports and evaluates products based on the categories Workplace, Performance Seating, Lifestyle, and Other. A description of these categories is included below. 
 The Workplace category includes products centered on creating highly functional and productive settings for both groups and individuals. This category focuses on the development of products, beyond seating, that define boundaries, support work, and enable productivity. 
 The Performance Seating category includes products centered on seating ergonomics, productivity, and function across an evolving and diverse range of settings. This category focuses on the development of ergonomic seating solutions for specific use cases requiring more than basic utility. 
 The Lifestyle category includes products focused on bringing spaces to life through beautiful yet functional products. This category focuses on the development of products that support a way of living, in thoughtful yet elevated ways. The products in this category help create emotive and visually appealing spaces via a portfolio that offers diversity in aesthetics, price, and performance. 
 
 62 

Performance Seating Lifestyle Other (1) 
 Total Americas Contract International Contract Specialty: Workplace Performance Seating Lifestyle Other (1) 
 Total International Contract Specialty Global Retail: Workplace Performance Seating Lifestyle Other (1) 
 Total Global Retail Total (1) "Other" primarily consists of uncategorized product sales and service sales. 
 
 Refer to Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to our segments. 
 Sales by geographic area are based on the location of the customer. Long-lived assets consist of long-term assets of the Company, excluding financial instruments, deferred tax assets and long-term intangibles. 
 International Total Long-lived assets: United States International Total 
 
 The Company approximates that no single dealer accounted for more than 4 of the Company's net sales in the fiscal year ended June 3, 2023. The Company estimates that the largest single end-user customer accounted for million, million and million of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This represents approximately of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2023, in 2022, and in 2021. The Company's ten largest customers in the aggregate accounted for approximately of net sales in fiscal 2023, of net sales in fiscal 2022, and of net sales in fiscal 2021. 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 63 

million rel ate 
 
 3. 
 million for the twelve months ended May 28, 2022 and were recorded in general and administrative expenses. 
 Under the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, each issued and outstanding share of Knoll common stock (excluding shares exercising dissenters rights, shares owned by Knoll as treasury stock, shares owned by the deal parties or their subsidiaries, or shares subject to Knoll restricted stock awards) was converted into a right to receive shares of Herman Miller, Inc. (now MillerKnoll, Inc.) common stock and in cash, without interest. million, which consisted of the following (in millions, except share amounts): 
 64 

Knoll equivalent shares for outstanding option awards, outstanding awards of restricted common stock held by non-employee directors and outstanding awards of performance units held by individuals who are former employees of Knoll and remain eligible to vest at July 19, 2021 Total number of Knoll shares for cash consideration Shares of Knoll Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at July 19, 2021 Consideration for payment to settle Knoll's outstanding debt Share Consideration: Shares of Knoll Common Stock issued and outstanding at July 19, 2021 Knoll equivalent shares for outstanding awards of restricted common stock held by non-employee directors and outstanding awards of performance units held by individuals who are former employees of Knoll and remain eligible to vest at July 19, 2021 Total number of Knoll shares for share consideration Replacement Share-Based Awards: Outstanding awards of Knoll Restricted Stock and Performance units relating to Knoll Common Stock at July 19, 2021 Total acquisition date fair value of consideration transferred 
 The aggregate cash paid in connection with the Knoll acquisition was million. MillerKnoll funded the acquisition through cash on-hand and debt proceeds, as described in Note 6. Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt. 
 Outstanding unvested restricted stock awards, performance stock awards, performance stock units, and restricted stock units with a preliminary estimated fair value of million automatically converted into Company awards. Of the total fair value, million was allocated to purchase consideration and million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the remaining service periods on a straight-line basis. Per the terms of the converted awards any qualifying termination within the twelve months subsequent to the acquisition will result in accelerated vesting and related recognition of expense. 
 The transaction was accounted for as a business combination which requires that assets and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair value as of the acquisition date. 
 65 

Accounts receivable Inventories Other current assets Property and equipment Right-of-use assets Intangible assets Goodwill Other noncurrent assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable Other current liabilities Lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net Assets Acquired 
 The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is attributed to the assembled workforce of Knoll and anticipated operational synergies. Goodwill related to the acquisition was allocated to each of the reporting segments with a total value as of the opening balance sheet date of million. Goodwill arising from the acquisition is not expected to be deductible for tax reporting purposes. 
 Certain measurement period adjustments were made during the twelve months ended May 28, 2022 to the preliminary fair values resulting in a net decrease to goodwill of million primarily related to adjustments to the value of certain liabilities acquired and the fair value of intangible assets acquired. The allocation of purchase price was completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022. 
 Trade name - indefinite lived Relief from Royalty Indefinite Trade name - amortizing Relief from Royalty - Years 
 Designs Relief from Royalty - years 
 Customer Relationships Multi-Period Excess Earnings - years 
 Total 
 Contract Furniture Dealership Divestiture 
 On January 31, 2022, the Company completed the sale of a wholly-owned contract furniture dealership in Toronto, Canada for cash consideration of million. A pre-tax gain of million was recognized as a result of the sale within Selling, general and administrative within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 4. 
 Raw materials Total 
 
 66 

5. 
 nonconsolidated affiliates at June 3, 2023. Refer to the Company's ownership percentages shown below: 
 Ownership Interest June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 Kvadrat Maharam Pty Limited Global Holdings Netherlands B.V. (Maars) 
 Kvadrat Maharam 
 The Kvadrat Maharam Pty Limited nonconsolidated affiliate is a distribution entity engaged in selling decorative upholstery, drapery and wall covering products. 
 Maars 
 On August 31, 2018, the Company acquired of the outstanding equity of Global Holdings Netherlands B.V., which owns of Maars Holding B.V. ("Maars ), a Harderwijk, Netherlands-based worldwide leader in the design and manufacturing of interior wall solutions. The Company acquired its ownership interest in Maars for approximately million in cash. The entity is accounted for using the equity method of accounting as the Company has significant influence, but not control, over the entity. 
 As of the August 31, 2018 acquisition date, the Company's investment value in Maars was million more than the Company's proportionate share of the underlying net assets. This amount represented the difference between the price that the Company paid to acquire of the outstanding equity and the carrying value of the net assets of Maars. Of this difference, million is being amortized over the remaining useful lives of the assets, while million is considered a permanent difference. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company determined the fair value was less than the carrying value and concluded the impairment was other-than-temporary and recorded an impairment charge of approximately million within Other income and expense in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. At June 3, 2023, the Company's investment value in Maars is million more than the Company's proportionate share of the underlying net assets, the total of which is being amortized over the remaining useful lives of the assets. 
 Transactions with Nonconsolidated Affiliates 
 Purchases from nonconsolidated affiliates 
 Balances due to or due from nonconsolidated affiliates were as follows for the periods presented below: 
 (In millions) June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 Receivables from nonconsolidated affiliates Payables to nonconsolidated affiliates 
 67 

6. 
 Term Loan A, , due July 2026 
 Term Loan B, due July 2028 
 Supplier financing program Total debt Less: Unamortized discount and issuance costs ) ) Less: Current debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 In connection with the acquisition of Knoll, in July 2021, the Company entered into a credit agreement that provided for a syndicated revolving line of credit and term loans. The revolving line of credit provides the Company with up to million in revolving variable interest borrowing capacity that matures in July 2026, replacing the previous million syndicated revolving line of credit. The term loans consist of a senior secured term loan "A" facility with an aggregate principal amount of million and a senior secured loan "B" facility with an aggregate principal amount of million, the proceeds of which were used to finance a portion of the cash consideration for the acquisition of Knoll, for the repayment of certain debt of Knoll, and to pay fees, costs, and expenses related thereto. In January 2023, the company entered into an Amendment to the credit agreement which transitioned the benchmark rate from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") for U.S. dollar borrowings. SOFR is the recommended risk-free reference rate of the Federal Reserve Board and Alternative Reference Rates Committee, as defined within the credit agreement. The indebtedness incurred under the revolving line of credit and term loans is secured by substantially all of the Company s tangible and intangible assets, including, without limitation, the Company s intellectual property. The Company s direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries have also guaranteed the obligations of the Company and the foreign borrowers under the revolving line of credit and term loans and pledged substantially all of their tangible and intangible assets as security for their obligations under such guarantee. 
 During 2022, t he Company repaid million of private placement notes due May 20, 2030, and recognized a loss of approximately million on extinguishment of the debt ,which represented the premium on early redemption. The Company made principal payments on term loans "A" and "B" during the year ended June 3, 2023 in the amount of million and million, respectively and during the year ended May 28, 2022 in the amount of million and million, respectively. 
 Prior to J uly 2021, the Company's syndicated revolving line of credit provided the Company with up t o million in revolving variable interest borrowing capacity and included an "accordion feature" allowing the Company to increase , at its option and subject to the approval of the participating banks, the aggregate borrowing capacity of the facility by up to million. Outstanding borrowings would bear interest at rates based on the prime rate, federal funds rate, LIBOR or negotiated rates as outlined in the agreement. Interest was payable periodically throughout the period if borrowings were outstanding. The Company paid off the outstanding balance due on the syndicated revolving line of credit during the first quarter of 2022. 
 Less: Borrowings under the syndicated revolving line of credit Less: Outstanding letters of credit Available borrowings under the syndicated revolving line of credit 
 
 The senior secured revolving credit facility restricts, without prior consent, the Company's borrowings, capital leases, investments, liens, mergers, consolidations, restricted payments, and the sale of certain assets. In addition, for the credit facility and Term Loan A, the Company has agreed to maintain a financial performance ratio, a maximum first lien secured net leverage ratio covenant which is measured by the ratio of first lien debt (less unrestricted cash) to trailing four quarter adjusted consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) and is required to be less than :1 for the trailing four quarter periods ending November 21, 2021, and the three immediately succeeding fiscal quarters, then :1 for the next four fiscal quarters, and :1 at the end of each fiscal quarter thereafter, except that the Company may elect, under certain conditions, a 
 68 

for the four subsequent trailing four quarter periods. Adjusted EBITDA is generally defined in the credit agreement as EBITDA adjusted by certain items which include non-cash share-based compensation, non-recurring restructuring costs and extraordinary items. At June 3, 2023 the Company was in compliance with these restrictions and performance ratios. 
 On May 20, 2020, the Company entered into a third amendment to its existing Private Shelf Agreement, dated December 14, 2010, as amended (together with the third amendment, the "Agreement"), between the Company and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment Management, Inc.) and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Prudential ). The Agreement provided for a million revolving facility, which included million of unsecured senior notes that were repaid on March 1, 2021 (the "Existing Notes") and an additional million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes issued on May 20, 2020 (the "2020 Notes"). The Notes and facility were paid off with the new revolver and term loans entered in connection with the acquisition of Knoll in July 2021. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Supplier Financing Program 
 The Company has an agreement with a third-party financial institution that allows certain participating suppliers the ability to finance payment obligations from the Company. Under this program, participating suppliers may finance payment obligations of the Company, prior to their scheduled due dates, at a discounted price to the third-party financial institution. 
 The Company has lengthened the payment terms for certain suppliers that have chosen to participate in the program. As a result, certain amounts due to suppliers have payment terms that are longer than standard industry practice and as such, these amounts have been excluded from "Accounts payable" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as the amounts have been accounted for by the Company as a current debt, within "Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt". As of June 3, 2023, the liability related to the supplier financing program is million. 
 
 7. 
 
 Short-term lease costs Variable lease costs Total 
 Included in the Company's Right-of-use assets and Lease liabilities are variable lease costs, not included in the table above, for raw material purchases under certain supply arrangements that the Company has determined to meet the definition of a lease: 
 Year Ended Year Ended June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 Variable lease costs 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of certain right of use assets within the Global Retail reporting unit, specifically Fully, were below their carrying value and assessed these assets for impairment. As 
 69 

million in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive income. 
 At June 3, 2023, the Company has no financing leases. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 Lease payments exclude million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flow from operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Operating leases 
 
 8. 
 domestic defined-benefit pension plan covering eligible U.S. nonunion employees. The measurement date for this plan is the last day of the fiscal year and the plan is frozen to new participants. 
 Benefit Obligations and Funded Status 
 
 70 

Acquisition of Knoll Interest cost Expected Administrative Expenses Loss related to settlement Foreign exchange impact ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Administrative expenses paid ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefits paid related to settlement ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Acquisition of Knoll Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange impact ) ) Employer contributions Actual expenses paid ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status: Over (under) funded status at end of year ) ) Components of the amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Current assets Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Components of the amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss before the effect of income taxes: Prior service cost Unrecognized net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (gain) loss ) ) 
 (1) In fiscal 2023 and 2022, the net actuarial (gain) loss includes amounts resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions utilized to calculate our benefit plan obligations such as the weighted-average discount rate. 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the Company's pension plans tota led million and million as of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service costs ) Expected administrative expenses Settlement related expenses ) ) Amortization of net loss/(gain) Net periodic benefit (income) cost ) ) 
 71 

) ) ) Net amortization ) ) Settlement charge Total recognized in other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 Actuarial Assumptions 
 varies Compensation increase rate N/A N/A Expected return on plan assets (1) Due to settlement activity during FYE 2023 in the domestic plan, there were two remeasurements as of 3/4/2023 and 6/3/2023. The discount rate for beginning of period is and , respectively. Due to settlement activity during fiscal year 2022, there were four remeasurements as of 8/28/2021, 11/27/2021, 2/26/2022, and 5/28/2022. The discount rate for beginning of period in fiscal 2022 is , , , and respectively. 
 Weighted-average assumptions used in the determination of the projected benefit obligations: Discount rate 
 Compensation increase rate N/A N/A 
 The Company uses a full yield curve approach to estimate the interest component of net periodic benefit cost for pension benefits. This method applies the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. 
 Plan Assets and Investment Strategies 
 The assets of the Company's employee benefit plans consist mainly of listed fixed income obligations and common/collective trusts. The Company's primary objective for invested pension plan assets is to provide for sufficient long-term growth and liquidity to satisfy all of its benefit obligations over time. Accordingly, the Company has developed an investment strategy that it believes maximizes the probability of meeting this overall objective. This strategy includes the development of a target investment allocation by asset category in order to provide guidelines for making investment decisions. This target allocation emphasizes the long-term characteristics of individual asset classes as well as the diversification among multiple asset classes. In developing its strategy, the Company considered the need to balance the varying risks associated with each asset class with the long-term nature of its benefit obligations. The Company's strategy moving forward will be to increase the level of fixed income investments as the funding status improves, thereby more closely matching the return on assets with the liabilities of the plans. 
 The Company utilizes independent investment managers to assist with investment decisions within the overall guidelines of the investment strategy. 
 72 

Common collective trusts Total Percentage of Plan Assets at Year End 2023 2022 Domestic International Domestic International Fixed income Common collective trusts Total Domestic (In millions) June 3, 2023 Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Total Cash and cash equivalents U.S. government securities Corporate bonds Common collective trusts-balanced Total International (In millions) June 3, 2023 Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Total Cash and cash equivalents Foreign government obligations Common collective trusts-balanced Total May 28, 2022 (In millions) Domestic Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Total Cash and cash equivalents U.S. government securities Foreign government obligations Common collective trusts-balanced Total May 28, 2022 (In millions) International Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Total Cash and cash equivalents Foreign government obligations Common collective trusts-balanced Total 
 Cash Flows 
 The Company reviews pension funding requirements to determine the contribution to be made in the next year. Actual contributions will be dependent upon investment returns, changes in pension obligations and other economic and regulatory factors. During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, the Company made total cash contributions of million and million, respectively, to its pension plans. 
 73 

million to its pension plans in fiscal 2024. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029-2033 
 401(k) Plan and Core Contribution 
 Substantially all of the Company s domestic employees are eligible to participate in a defined contribution retirement plan, primarily the MillerKnoll Retirement Plan and the Knoll Retirement Savings Plan. Employees under the plan are eligible to begin participating on their date of hire. The Company contributes to the plans as matching contributions a certain percentage of the participant s salary deferral, subject to certain limitations defined in the plan documents. The Company s other defined contribution retirement plans may provide for matching contributions, non-elective contributions and discretionary contributions as declared by management. Effective January 1, 2023, the Knoll Retirement Savings Plan was merged into the MillerKnoll Retirement Plan. 
 The expense recorded for the Company's 401(k) matching and other discretionary contributions was million, million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 ) Denominator: Denominator for basic EPS, weighted-average common shares outstanding Potentially dilutive shares resulting from stock plans Denominator for diluted EPS 
 Equity awar ds of shares, shares and shares of common stock were excluded from the denominator for the computation of diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years ended June 3, 2023, May 28, 2022 and May 29, 2021, respectively, because they were anti-dilutive. 
 Common Stock 
 million with no specified expiration date. The approximate dollar value of shares available for purchase under the plan at June 3, 2023 was million. During fiscal year 2023, 2022, and 2021, shares repurchased under the repurchase plan totaled , , and shares respectively. 
 
 10. 

74 

shares of common stock have been authorized for issuance and shares remain available for future purchases as of June 3, 2023. At June 3, 2023, there were shares authorized for issuance under active long-term incentive compensation plans: shares authorized under the MillerKnoll, Inc. 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (the "LTIP") and shares authorized under the Knoll, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, (the "SIP"), as amended. There were shares available for issuance under the LTIP and under the SIP as of June 3, 2023. 
 
 Valuation and Expense Information 
 The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. This compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which includes any applicable performance period. Certain Company stock-based compensation awards contain provisions that allow for continued vesting into retirement. Stock-based awards are considered fully vested for expense attribution purposes when the employee's retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. 
 The Company classifies pre-tax stock-based compensation expense primarily within Operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 Stock options Restricted stock units Performance share units Restricted stock awards Total Tax benefit 
 As of June 3, 2023, total pre-tax stock-based compensation cost not yet recognized related to non-vested awards was approximately million. The weighted-average period over which this amount is expected to be recognized is year. 
 General terms, activity, and valuation methodology for each of the Company's stock-based compensation plans are as follows: 
 Employee Stock Purchase Program 
 The Company has an employee stock purchase plan ESPP which allows for eligible employees to participate in the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock at a price equal to of the closing price on the date of purchase, which coincides with the last trading day of each fiscal quarter. The ESPP is considered a liability award with estimated expense recognized over the three-month offering period which is subsequently adjusted to actual expense based on the fair value as of the date of purchase. Shares of common stock purchased under the ESPP were , , and during the fiscal years ended 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
 
 Stock Options 
 The Company grants options to purchase the Company's stock to certain key employees and non-employee directors under its LTIP. Under the current award program, all options become exercisable between and from the date of grant and expire from the date of grant. Most options are subject to graded vesting, and the related compensation expense is based on the fair value of the stock options on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 75 

- 
 Hull-White I barrier (3) 
 N/A N/A N/A Expected term of options (4) 
 N/A years years - years 
 Expected volatility (5) 
 - 
 Dividend yield (6) 
 Weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options: Granted with exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant N/A - 
 Granted with exercise prices greater than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant N/A N/A 
 (1) A conservative post-vest cancel rate of was applied under the assumption that the options will be exercised. 
 (2) Represents term-matched, zero-coupon risk-free rate from the Treasury Constant Maturity yield curve, continuously compounded. 
 (3) Represents historical average of Section 16 Officers in-the-money exercise ratio from Company s historical data through May 27, 2022. 
 (4) Represents historical settlement data, using midpoint scenario with 1-year grant date filter assumption for outstanding options. 
 (5) The blended volatility approach was used. term-matched historical volatility from daily stock prices and weighted average implied volatility from the days preceding the grant date. 
 (6) Represents the quarterly dividend divided by the three-month average stock price as of July 7 and 12, 2022, July 9, 2021, and February 28, 2023, for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at June 3, 2023 Exercisable at end of period 
 The weighted-average remaining recognition period of the outstanding stock options at June 3, 2023 was years. The total pre-tax intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value in the preceding table represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, based on the Company's closing stock price as of the end of the period presented, the options were not in-the-money as of that date. Total cash received during fiscal 2023 from the exercise of stock options was approximately million. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The Company grants time-based restricted stock units to certain key employees under its LTIP. Currently outstanding awards generally cliff-vest or vest ratably over a service period. Prorated vesting occurs under certain circumstances and full or partial accelerated vesting occurs upon retirement. Awards granted in fiscal 2023 had a graded vesting schedule of , , and after the first, second, and third year, respectively. Each restricted stock unit represents equivalent share of the Company's common stock to be issued, free of restrictions, after the vesting period. Compensation expense is based on the grant-date fair value and recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Dividend reinvestment units are credited on the dividend payable date and vest with the underlying shares. The units do not entitle participants to the rights of holders of common stock, such as voting rights, until shares are issued after vesting. 
 76 

equivalent share of the Company's common stock to be issued, free of restrictions, after the vesting period. The awards generally cliff-vest after a service period from the original date of grant. The converted units do not entitle participants to the rights of holders of common stock, such as voting rights, until shares are issued after vesting. Restricted stock units awarded under a Knoll stock compensation plan are entitled to dividend rights, and dividend equivalents are accrued on the dividend record date. Upon vesting of the underlying shares, accrued dividend equivalents are paid in cash. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Released ) Outstanding at June 3, 2023 
 The weighted-average remaining recognition period of the outstanding restricted stock units at June 3, 2023, was years. The total market value of the units that vested during the twelve months ended June 3, 2023, was million. In addition, thousand in accrued cash dividends were paid upon vesting of the underlying shares of converted Knoll awards. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of restricted stock units granted during 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and , respectively. The intrinsic value presented above includes thousand in accrued cash dividends on the underlying shares of outstanding converted Knoll restricted stock unit awards. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 The Company grants performance-based restricted stock units, commonly referred to as performance stock units, to certain key employees under its LTIP that vest subject to the satisfaction of pre-established financial and non-financial metrics. Each performance stock unit represents equivalent share of the Company's common stock. The number of shares of Company common stock ultimately issued in connection with these performance stock units will be determined based on attainment of the pre-established metrics over a defined service period. For members of the executive leadership team, this calculation is adjusted by a relative total shareholder return modifier. Compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis and based on the grant-date fair value. For certain awards incorporating a market condition, grant-date fair value is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation. For each tranche, fair value is determined on the date performance metrics are approved. Performance stock units awarded under the LTIP do not have dividend rights. 
 In conjunction with the acquisition of Knoll, Inc. on July 19, 2021, outstanding performance stock unit awards previously granted under a Knoll stock compensation plan were automatically converted into MillerKnoll awards with each converted unit representing equivalent share of the Company's common stock. The number of common shares ultimately issued in connection with these performance stock units will be determined based on the attainment of a pre-established financial metric over a service period ending December 31, 2023. The converted units do not entitle participants to the rights of holders of common stock, such as voting rights, until shares are issued after vesting. Performance stock units awarded under Knoll stock compensation plans are entitled to dividend rights, and dividend equivalents are accrued on the dividend record date. Upon vesting of the underlying shares, accrued dividend equivalents are paid in cash. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Released ) Outstanding at June 3, 2023 
 77 

years. The total market value for shares vested in a prior fiscal year but deferred that were released during the twelve months ended June 3, 2023, was thousand; additional shares were vested in fiscal 2023. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of performance stock units granted during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and , respectively. The intrinsic value presented above includes million in accrued cash dividends on the underlying shares of outstanding converted Knoll performance stock unit awards. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 In conjunction with the acquisition of Knoll, Inc. on July 19, 2021, outstanding restricted stock awards previously granted under a Knoll stock compensation plan were automatically converted into MillerKnoll awards at the identified equity award exchange ratio with each converted unit then representing equivalent share of the Company's common stock to be issued, free of restrictions, after the vesting period. The awards generally cliff-vest after a service period from the original date of grant. The restricted stock awards do not entitle the employee to rights of holders of common stock, such as voting rights, until restrictions are released after vesting. The Company recognizes the related compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Restricted stock awards granted under Knoll's stock compensation plans are entitled to dividend rights, and dividend equivalents are accrued on the dividend record date. Upon vesting of the underlying shares, accrued dividend equivalents are paid in cash. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Released ) Outstanding at June 3, 2023 
 The weighted-average remaining recognition period of the outstanding restricted stock award shares at June 3, 2023 was years. The total market value for shares that vested during the twelve months ended June 3, 2023, was million. This includes million of converted Knoll awards for which, due to change-in-control provisions, vesting was accelerated. In addition, million in accrued cash dividends were paid upon vesting the underlying shares of converted Knoll awards. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of restricted stock awards granted during fiscal 2022 was per share. There were restricted stock awards granted in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2021. Accrued cash dividends on the underlying shares reported above for outstanding converted Knoll restricted stock awards total thousand. 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 The MillerKnoll, Inc. Executive Equalization Retirement Plan, as amended (the "Executive Equalization Plan"), is a supplemental deferred compensation plan that was made available for salary deferrals and Company contributions beginning in January 2008. The plan is available to a select group of management or highly compensated employees who are selected for participation by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The plan allows participants to defer up to of their base salary and up to of their incentive cash bonus. Company contributions to the plan mirror the amounts the Company would have contributed to the various qualified retirement plans had the employee's compensation not been above the IRS statutory ceiling in 2023). The Company does not guarantee a rate of return for amounts deferred pursuant to this plan. Instead, participants make investment elections for their deferrals and Company contributions which are subject to market conditions. Investment options are closely aligned to those available under the MillerKnoll Retirement Plan, except for the Company stock fund. 
 In accordance with the terms of the Executive Equalization Plan and the Director Plan described below, participant deferrals and Company contributions have been placed in a Rabbi trust. The assets in the Rabbi trust remain subject to the claims of creditors of the Company and are not the property of the participant. Investments in securities other than the Company's common stock are included within the Other assets line item, while the remaining investments in the Company's stock are included in the line item Deferred compensation plan in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. A liability of the same amount is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets within the Other liabilities line item. Realized and unrealized gains and losses for investment assets other than Company common stock are recognized within the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income in the Interest and other investment income line item. The associated changes to the liability are 
 78 

year, expire in years, and have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. Beginning in January 2022, not less than of annual director fees must be paid in the form of Company equity. 
 The Amended and Restated MillerKnoll, Inc, Director Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Director Plan") allows non-employee directors of the Company to defer all or a portion of their annual director fees in either a deferred cash account or, beginning in January 2022, a deferred stock account. 
 In the deferred cash account, investment options are the same as those available under the MillerKnoll Retirement Plan, except for the Company stock fund. At the time(s) specified by the director for receipt of this deferred compensation, these deferred amounts will be paid to the director in cash. 
 In the deferred stock account, deferred stock units are credited to the director with each unit representing equivalent share of the Company's common stock to be issued after the deferral period. The deferred stock units are valued at the market price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, and the value of the units credited are expensed on the date of grant. Each time a dividend is paid on the Company's common stock, the director is credited with dividend equivalent units. At the time(s) specified by the director for receipt of this deferred compensation, these deferred amounts will be paid to the director in shares of the Company's common stock. The units do not entitle the directors to the rights of holders of common stock, such as voting rights, until shares are issued. 
 During fiscal year 2023, deferred stock units were credited to directors pursuant to the Director Plan. The total fair value of deferred stock units issued during fiscal year 2023 was million. At June 3, 2023, there were deferred stock units outstanding. All of which are vested, with an aggregate intrinsic value of million. The weighted-average grant date fair value of deferred stock units granted during 2023 and 2022 was and per share, respectively. 
 All amounts deferred by directors pursuant to the Director Plan are fully vested and nonforfeitable. 
 The following amounts and types of Company equity were issued to non-employee directors during the fiscal years indicated: 
 Deferred stock units pursuant to the Director Plan Stock options 
 
 11.) ) Foreign Total ) 
 79 

) Domestic - State Foreign Deferred: Domestic - Federal ) ) Domestic - State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) Total income tax provision 
 with the effective tax rate as follows: 
 (In millions) 2023 2022 2021 Income taxes computed at the United States Statutory rate ) Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit ) ) Non-deductible officers' compensation Foreign-derived intangible income ) ) Foreign-based company income Global intangible low-taxed income Foreign statutory rate differences 
 Research and development incentives ) ) ) Federal return to provision adjustments ) ) ) Foreign tax credit ) ) ) Foreign withholding taxes and other miscellaneous foreign taxes Change in valuation allowance against deferred tax assets ) Other, net ) ) Income tax expense Effective tax rate ) 
 80 

Capitalized research and experimental costs Accrued pension and post-retirement benefit obligations Deferred revenue Inventory related Other reserves and accruals Warranty State and local tax net operating loss carryforwards and credits Federal net operating loss carryforward Federal and state nondeductible interest expense carryforward Foreign tax net operating loss carryforwards and credits Accrued step rent and tenant reimbursements Lease liability Other Subtotal Valuation allowance ) ) Total Deferred tax liabilities: Book basis in property in excess of tax basis Intangible assets Interest rate swap Right of use lease assets Withholding taxes on planned repatriation of foreign earnings Other Total 
 The future tax benefits of net operating loss (NOL) carry-forwards and foreign tax credits are recognized to the extent that realization of these benefits is considered more likely than not. The Company bases this determination on the expectation that related operations will be sufficiently profitable or various tax planning strategies will enable the Company to utilize the NOL carry-forwards and/or foreign tax credits. To the extent that available evidence about the future raises doubt about the realization of these tax benefits, a valuation allowance is established. 
 At June 3, 2023, the Company had state and local tax NOL carry-forwards of million, the state tax benefit of which is million, which have expiration periods from year to an unlimited term. The Company also had state credits with a state tax benefit of million, which expire in to years. For financial statement purposes, the NOL carry-forwards and state tax credits have been recognized as deferred tax assets, subject to a valuation allowance of million. 
 At June 3, 2023, the Company had federal NOL carry-forwards of million, the tax benefit of which is million, which have expiration periods from years to an unlimited term. For financial statement purposes, the NOL carry-forwards have been recognized as deferred tax assets. 
 At June 3, 2023, the Company had federal deferred assets of million, the tax benefit of which is million, which is related to an investment in a foreign joint venture. For financial statement purposes, the assets have been recognized as deferred tax assets, subject to a valuation allowance of million. 
 At June 3, 2023, the Company had foreign net operating loss carry-forwards of million, the tax benefit of which is million, which have expiration periods from years to an unlimited term. The Company also had foreign tax credits with a tax benefit of million which have expiration periods from to years. For financial statement purposes, the NOL carry-forwards and foreign tax credits have been recognized as deferred tax assets, subject to a valuation allowance of million. 
 At June 3, 2023, the Company had foreign deferred assets of million, the tax benefit of which is million, which is related to various deferred taxes in Canada, Belgium and Ireland as well as buildings in the United Kingdom. For financial statement purposes, the assets have been recognized as deferred tax assets, subject to a valuation allowance of million. 
 81 

million in cash held in certain foreign jurisdictions and as such has recorded a deferred tax liability related to foreign withholding taxes on these future dividends received in the U.S. from foreign subsidiaries of million. A significant portion of this cash was previously taxed under the U.S. Tax Cut and Jobs Act either as one-time U.S. tax liability on undistributed foreign earnings or GILTI. The Company intends to remain indefinitely reinvested in the remaining undistributed earnings outside the U.S, which was million on June 3, 2023. Determination of the total amount of unrecognized deferred income tax on the remaining undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries is not practicable. 
 Increases related to prior year income tax positions Decreases related to lapse of applicable statute of limitations ) Balance at May 28, 2022 Increases related to current year income tax positions Decreases related to lapse of applicable statute of limitations ) Decreases related to settlements ) Balance at June 3, 2023 
 The Company's effective tax rate would have been affected by the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits had this amount been recognized as a reduction to income tax expense. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits through Income tax expense in its Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.) Liability for interest and penalties 
 The Company is subject to periodic audits by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Currently, the Company is undergoing routine periodic audits in both domestic and foreign tax jurisdictions. It is reasonably possible that the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits could change in the next 12 months as a result of new positions that may be taken on income tax returns, settlement of tax positions and the closing of statutes of limitation. It is not expected that any of the changes will be material to the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 During the year, the return for fiscal year 2022 has been fully accepted by the Internal Revenue Service under the Compliance Assurance Process (CAP) and the Company is awaiting final closing documentation. Knoll s federal consolidated returns related to calendar years 2019 and 2020 have also been selected for examination by the Internal Revenue Service. For the majority of the remaining tax jurisdictions, the Company is no longer subject to state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for fiscal years before 2020. 
 82 

12. 
 Fair value 
 The following describes the methods the Company uses to estimate the fair value of financial assets and liabilities recorded in net earnings, which have not significantly changed in the current period: 
 Cash and cash equivalents The Company invests excess cash in short term investments in the form of money market funds, which are valued using net asset value ("NAV"). 
 Mutual Funds-equity The Company's equity securities primarily include equity mutual funds. The equity mutual fund investments are recorded at fair value using quoted prices for similar securities. 
 Deferred compensation plan The Company's deferred compensation plan primarily includes various domestic and international mutual funds that are recorded at fair value using quoted prices for similar securities. 
 Foreign currency exchange contracts The Company's foreign currency exchange contracts are valued using an approach based on foreign currency exchange rates obtained from active markets. The estimated fair value of forward currency exchange contracts is based on month-end spot rates as adjusted by market-based current activity. These forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments. 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Deferred compensation plan Total Financial Liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts Total 
 The following describes the methods the Company uses to estimate the fair value of financial assets and liabilities recorded in other comprehensive income, which have not significantly changed in the current period: 
 Interest rate swap agreements The value of the Company's interest rate swap agreements is determined using a market approach based on rates obtained from active markets. The interest rate swap agreements are designated as cash flow hedging instruments. 
 83 

Total Financial Liabilities Interest rate swap agreement Other liabilities Total 
 The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method; realized gains and losses resulting from such sales are included in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income within Other (income) expense, net. The Company views its equity and fixed income mutual funds as available for use in its current operations. Accordingly, the investments are recorded within Current Assets within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company reviews its investment portfolio for any unrealized losses that would be deemed other-than-temporary and requires the recognition of an impairment loss in earnings. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, the Company evaluates, among other factors, general market conditions, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than its cost, the Company's intent to hold the investment, and whether it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investment before recovery of the cost basis. The Company also considers the type of security, related industry and sector performance, and published investment ratings. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded and a new cost basis in the investment is established. If conditions within individual markets, industry segments, or macro-economic environments deteriorate, the Company could incur future impairments. 
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 The Company transacts business in various foreign currencies and has established a program that primarily utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to offset the risks associated with the effects of certain foreign currency exposures. Under this program, the Company's strategy is to have increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures offset by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with foreign currency transaction gains or losses. These foreign currency exposures typically arise from net liability or asset exposures in non-functional currencies on the balance sheets of our foreign subsidiaries. These foreign currency forward contracts generally settle within days and are not used for trading purposes. 
 These forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments. Accordingly, we record the fair value of these contracts as of the end of the reporting period in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with changes in fair value recorded within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The balance sheet classification for the fair values of these forward contracts is Other current assets for unrealized gains and Other accrued liabilities for unrealized losses. The Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income classification for the fair values of these forward contracts is to Other (income) expense, net, for both realized and unrealized gains and losses. 
 The notional amounts of the forward contracts held to purchase and sell U.S. dollars in exchange for other major international currencies were million and million as of June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022, respectively. The notional amounts of the foreign currency forward contracts held to purchase and sell British pound sterling in exchange for other major international currencies were million and million as of June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022, respectively . The Company also has other forward contracts related to other currency pairs at varying notional amounts. 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements to manage its exposure to interest rate changes and its overall cost of borrowing. The Company's interest rate swap agreements exchange variable rate interest payments for fixed rate payments over the life of the agreement without the exchange of the underlying notional amounts. The notional amount of the interest rate swap agreements is used to measure interest to be paid or received. The differential paid or received on the interest rate swap agreements is recognized as an adjustment to interest expense. 
 84 

million with a forward start date of January 3, 2018 and a termination date of January 3, 2028. As a result of the transaction, the Company effectively converted the interest rate on indebtedness anticipated to be borrowed on the Company s revolving line of credit up to the notional amount from a LIBOR-based floating interest rate plus applicable margin to a fixed interest rate plus applicable margin as of the forward start date. The swap agreement was amended in February 2023 for each calculation period beginning on February 3, 2023, and thereafter, to replace the LIBOR-based floating interest rate with a Term SOFR rate, and a modified fixed interest rate. 
 In June 2017, the Company entered into a second interest rate swap agreement. The interest rate swap is for an aggregate notional amount of million with a forward start date of January 3, 2018 and a termination date of January 3, 2028. As a result of the transaction, the Company effectively converted the interest rate on indebtedness anticipated to be borrowed on the Company s revolving line of credit up to the notional amount from a LIBOR-based floating interest rate plus applicable margin to a fixed interest rate plus applicable margin as of the forward start date. The swap agreement was amended in February 2023 for each calculation period beginning on February 3, 2023, and thereafter, to replace the LIBOR-based floating interest rate with a Term SOFR rate, and a modified fixed interest rate. 
 In January 2022, the Company entered into a third interest rate swap agreement. The interest rate swap is for an aggregate notional amount of million with a forward start date of January 31, 2022 and a maturity date of January 29, 2027. The interest rate swap locked in the Company s interest rate on the forecasted outstanding borrowings of million at exclusive of the credit spread on the variable rate debt. As a result of the transaction, under the terms of the agreement the Company effectively will convert one month Spread Adjusted Term SOFR floating interest rate plus applicable margin to fixed interest rate and adjustment plus applicable margin as of the forward start date.The swap agreement was amended in February 2023 for each calculation period beginning on January 31, 2023, and thereafter, to replace the LIBOR-based floating interest rate with a Term SOFR rate, and a modified fixed interest rate. 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into a fourth interest rate swap agreement. The interest rate swap is for an aggregate notional amount of million with a forward start date of March 3, 2023 and a termination date of January 3, 2029. As a result of the transaction, under the terms of the agreement the Company effectively will convert one month Spread Adjusted Term SOFR floating interest rate plus applicable margin to fixed interest rate and adjustment plus applicable margin as of the forward start date. "Spread adjusted Term SOFR" means Term SOFR plus an adjustment that varies with tenor. The Company typically selects a one month tenor and that is calculated as the one month Term SOFR rate plus . 
 The interest rate swaps were designated cash flow hedges at inception and the facts and circumstances of the hedged relationship remains consistent with the initial quantitative effectiveness assessment in that the hedged instruments remain an effective accounting hedge as of June 3, 2023. Since a designated derivative meets hedge accounting criteria, the fair value of the hedge is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is immediately recognized in earnings. The interest rate swap agreements are assessed for hedge effectiveness on a quarterly basis. 
 January 3, 2018 February 3, 2023 January 3, 2028 June 2017 Interest Rate Swap January 3, 2018 February 3, 2023 January 3, 2028 January 2022 Interest Rate Swap January 31, 2022 January 31, 2023 January 29, 2027 March 2023 Interest Rate Swap March 3, 2023 none January 3, 2029 
 As of June 3, 2023, the swaps above effectively converted indebtedness up to the notional amounts from a SOFR-based floating interest rate plus plus applicable margin to an effective fixed interest rate plus plus applicable margin under the terms of our Credit Agreement. Effective Fixed Interest Rates include the rates amended effective January 31, 2023, or February 3, 2023, for the first three swaps included in the chart above. 
 For fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were gains or losses recognized against earnings for hedge ineffectiveness. 
 85 

Foreign currency forward contracts Current liabilities: Other accrued liabilities (1) Designated derivative and their balance sheet locations are located in above table within financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value. 
 Fiscal Year (In millions) Statement of Comprehensive Income Location June 3, 2023 May 28, 2022 May 29, 2021 Loss recognized on foreign currency forward contracts Other expense (income), net 
 
 Reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings within Interest expense for the fiscal year ended 2023, was a loss of million and in fiscal years ended 2022, and 2021 were gains of million and of million, respectively. Pre-tax gains expected to be reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings during the next twelve months are million. The amount of gain, net of tax, expected to be reclassified out of Accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings during the next twelve months is million. 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in mezzanine equity in Redeemable noncontrolling interests. These financial instruments represent a level 3 fair value measurement. 
 On December 2, 2019, the Company purchased an additional equity voting interest in HAY. Upon increasing its ownership to , the Company obtained a controlling financial interest and consolidated the financial results of HAY. Additionally, the Company is a party to options, that if exercised, would require it to purchase the remaining of the equity in HAY, at fair market value. This remaining redeemable noncontrolling interest in HAY is classified outside permanent equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is carried at the current estimated redemption amount. The Company recognizes changes to the redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests as they occur and adjusts the carrying value to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The redemption amounts have been estimated based on the fair value of the subsidiary, determined using discounted cash flow methods. This represents a level 3 fair value measurement. 
 Dividend attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Redemption value adjustment Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Ending Balance 
 Other 
 . 
 86 

13. 
 Accrual for warranty matters Settlements and adjustments ) ) ) Acquired through business acquisition Accrual Balance ending 
 Guarantees 
 The Company is periodically required to provide performance bonds to do business with certain customers. These arrangements are common in the industry and generally have terms ranging between and . The bonds are required to provide assurance to customers that the products and services they have purchased will be installed and/or provided properly and without damage to their facilities. The bonds are provided by various bonding agencies. However, the Company is ultimately liable for claims that may occur against them. As of June 3, 2023, the Company had a maximum financial exposure related to performance bonds of approximately million. The Company has no history of claims, nor is it aware of circumstances that would require it to pay, under any of these arrangements. The Company also believes that the resolution of any claims that might arise in the future, either individually or in the aggregate, would not materially affect the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. Accordingly, liability h as been recorded in respect to these bonds as of either June 3, 2023 or May 28, 2022. 
 The Company has entered into standby letter of credit arrangements for purposes of protecting various insurance companies and lessors against default on insurance premium and lease payments. As of June 3, 2023, the Company had a maximum financial exposure from these standby letters of credit totaling approximately million, all of which is considered usage against the Company's revolving line of credit. The Company has no history of claims, nor is it aware of circumstances that would require it to perform under any of these arrangements and believes that the resolution of any claims that might arise in the future, either individually or in the aggregate, would not materially affect the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. Accordingly, liability has been recorded as of June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022. 
 Contingencies 
 The Company is also involved in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the outcome of such proceedings and litigation currently pending will not have a material adverse effect, if any, on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 million. 
 87 

14. 
 segments: Americas Contract ("Americas"), International Contract Specialty ("International Specialty"), and Global Retail ("Retail"). 
 The activities related to the manufacture and sale of furniture products direct to consumers and third-party retailers for the Knoll and Muuto brands that were previously reported within the Knoll segment have been moved to the Global Retail segment. 
 The activities related to the manufacture and sale of furniture products in the Americas for the Knoll, Muuto and Datesweiser brands that were previously reported within the Knoll segment have been moved to the Americas Contract segment. 
 The activities related to the manufacture and sale of furniture products in geographies other than the Americas for the Knoll and Muuto brands have been moved to the International Contract Specialty segment. 
 The activities related to manufacture and sale of products for the Maharam brand have been moved from the Americas Contract segment to the International Contract Specialty segment, along with the activities of Holly Hunt, Spinneybeck, Knoll Textiles, and Edelman, which were previously reported within the Knoll segment. 
 The Americas Contract segment includes the operations associated with the design, manufacture and sale of furniture products directly or indirectly through an independent dealership network for office, healthcare, and educational environments throughout North and South America. 
 The International Contract Specialty segment includes the operations associated with the design, manufacture and sale of furniture products, indirectly or directly through an independent dealership network in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific as well as the global operations of the Specialty brands, which include Holly Hunt, Spinneybeck, Maharam, Edelman, and Knoll Textiles. 
 The Global Retail segment includes global operations associated with the sale of modern design furnishings and accessories to third party retailers, as well as direct to consumer sales through eCommerce, direct-mail catalogs, and physical retail stores. 
 The Company also reports a Corporate category consisting primarily of unallocated expenses related to general corporate functions, including, but not limited to, certain legal, executive, corporate finance, information technology, administrative and acquisition-related costs. Management regularly reviews corporate costs and believes disclosing such information provides more visibility and transparency regarding how the chief operating decision maker reviews results of the Company. The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those of the Company. 
 The performance of the operating segments is evaluated by the Company's management using various financial measures. 
 88 

International Contract and Specialty Global Retail Total Depreciation and amortization: Americas Contract International Contract and Specialty Global Retail Corporate Total Operating earnings (loss): Americas Contract ) International Contract and Specialty Global Retail ) Corporate ) ) ) Total Capital expenditures: Americas Contract International Contract and Specialty Global Retail Total Goodwill: Americas Contract International Contract and Specialty Global Retail Total 
 Many of the Company's assets, including manufacturing, office and showroom facilities, support multiple segments. For that reason, it is impractical to disclose asset information on a segment basis. 
 The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those of the Company. Additionally, the Company employs a methodology for allocating corporate costs and assets with the underlying objective of this methodology being to allocate corporate costs according to the relative usage of the underlying resources and to allocate corporate assets according to the relative expected benefit. The majority of the allocations for corporate expenses are based on relative net sales. However, certain corporate costs, generally considered the result of isolated business decisions, are not subject to allocation and are evaluated separately from the rest of the regular ongoing business operations. 
 89 

Performance Seating Lifestyle Other (1) 
 Total (1) Other primarily consists of uncategorized product sales and service sales. 
 
 90 

15.) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) Pension and other post-retirement benefit plans at beginning of period ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications (net of tax of ), ), and )) 
 Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income - Other, net Tax expense ) ) ) Net reclassifications ) Net current period other comprehensive income Balance at end of period ) ) ) Interest rate swap agreement at beginning of period ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications (net of tax of ), ), and )) 
 Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income - Other, net ) ) Net reclassifications ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income Balance at end of period ) Unrealized holding gains on securities at beginning of period Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) Balance at end of period Total Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 
 16. 
 million, comprised of the following categories: 
 91 

million of costs related to the Knoll Integration including: million of severance and employee benefit costs, million of exit and disposal costs related to the consolidation of facilities, and million of other integration costs. 
 For the year ended May 28, 2022, the Company incurred million of costs related to the Knoll Integration including: million of severance and employee benefit costs, million of non-cash asset impairments, million of non-cash costs related to debt-extinguishment in the financing of the transaction, and million of other integration costs. 
 Integration Costs Amounts Paid ) ) ) Non-cash costs June 3, 2023 
 The Company expects that a substantial portion of the liability for the Knoll Integration as of June 3, 2023, will be paid in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. 
 International Contract and Specialty Global Retail Corporate Total 
 2023 Restructuring Plan 
 During fiscal year 2023, the Company announced a series of actions that relate to the 2023 restructuring plan ("2023 restructuring plan") to reduce expenses. These restructuring activities included voluntary and involuntary reductions in workforces and charges incurred in connection with the Fully decision. As the result of these actions, the Company projects an annualized expense reduction of approximately million to million. For the year ended June 3, 2023, the Company incurred million of costs related to the 2023 restructuring plan comprised of million of severance and employee benefit costs and million of non-impairment charges related to the closure of the Fully business. The restructuring plan is complete and no future costs related to this plan are expected. 
 92 

Restructuring Costs Amounts Paid ) ) ) June 3, 2023 
 The Company expects that remaining liability for the 2023 restructuring plan as of June 3, 2023, will be paid in fiscal year 2024. 
 International Contract Specialty Retail Corporate Total 
 
 17. 
 million and million as of June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022 respectively and represents the Company s maximum exposure to loss. The Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary for any of these variable interest entities as each dealer controls the activities that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance, including sales, marketing, and operations. 
 93 

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of MillerKnoll, Inc. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). The internal control over financial reporting at MillerKnoll, Inc. is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our stakeholders that the financial statements of the Company fairly represent its financial condition and results of operations. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 3, 2023, based on the original framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management believes the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 3, 2023. 
 KPMG LLP has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 
 /s/ Andrea R. Owen 
 Andrea R. Owen 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 /s/ Jeffrey M. Stutz 
 Jeffrey M. Stutz 
 Chief Financial Officer 

94 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 MillerKnoll, Inc.: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MillerKnoll, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 3, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 3, 2023 and May 28, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 3, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 3, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
 95 

company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Goodwill impairment assessment 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 1,221.7 million as of June 3, 2023, of which 390.3 million was related to the Global Retail reporting unit. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit has declined below its carrying value. To estimate the fair value of the Global Retail reporting unit, the Company utilized a weighting of the income approach and the market approach that used observable comparable company information. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of goodwill for impairment for the Global Retail reporting unit as a critical audit matter. Subjective and challenging auditor judgment was required to evaluate the selection of forecasted revenue growth rates, operating margins, and the discount rate used in the income approach. Additionally, the audit effort associated with the evaluation of the Company s discount rate involved the use of valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s determination of the fair value of the Global Retail reporting unit, including controls over the selection of forecasted revenue growth rates, operating margins, and the discount rate. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasted revenue growth rates and operating margins by comparing the forecasts to historical revenue growth rates and operating margins, considering industry conditions and growth plans. We performed sensitivity analyses to assess the impact of reasonably possible changes to the forecasted revenue growth rates, operating margins, and discount rate assumptions on the reporting unit fair values. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the Company s discount rate by comparing the Company s inputs to the discount rate to publicly available data for comparable entities and assessing the resulting discount rate. 
 
 Knoll tradename impairment assessment 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the indefinite-lived intangible asset balance as of June 3, 2023 was 153.3 million related to the Knoll tradename. During the fourth quarter of the year ended June 3, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment loss of 19.7 million related to the Knoll tradename. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset has declined below its carrying value. To estimate the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company utilizes the relief from royalty method. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the Knoll tradename for impairment as a critical audit matter. Subjective and challenging auditor judgment was required to evaluate the selection of forecasted revenue growth rates, discount rate, and royalty rate used to estimate the fair value of the Knoll tradename. Additionally, the audit effort associated with the evaluation of the Company s discount rate and royalty rate required the use of valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. 
 
 96 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s determination of the fair value of the Knoll tradename, including controls over the selection of forecasted revenue growth rates, discount rate, and royalty rate. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasted revenue growth rates by comparing the forecasts to historical revenue growth rates, considering industry conditions and growth plans. We performed sensitivity analyses to assess the impact of reasonably possible changes to the forecasted revenue growth rates, discount rate, and royalty rate assumptions on the fair value of the tradename. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 evaluating the Company s discount rate by comparing the Company s inputs to the discount rate to publicly available data for comparable entities and assessing the overall discount rate; and 
 
 evaluating the Company s royalty rate by comparing the selected royalty rate to the royalty rate selected at the acquisition date and publicly available data for comparable licensing agreements in assessing the overall royalty rate. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 July 26, 2023 
 97 

Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None 
 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of June 3, 2023 and have concluded that as of that date, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 (b) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Refer to Item 8 for Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered accounting firm, as stated in its report included in Item 8. (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended June 3, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B Other Information 
 On July 21, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s annual incentive cash bonus plan that removes adjusted operating income as the primary metric upon which awards made pursuant to that plan are based and instead gives the Board discretion to determine the applicable metric(s) for each plan year. The plan, as amended and restated, is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this Annual Report. 

Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable 
 98 

PART III 
 
 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 
 Information relating to directors and director nominees of the Company is contained under the caption Director and Executive Officer Information in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement, relating to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and the information within that section is incorporated by reference. Information relating to executive officers of the Company is included in Part I hereof entitled Information About Our Executive Officers. 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Information relating to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is contained under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement, relating to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and the information within that section is incorporated by reference. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that serves as the code of ethics for the executive officers and senior financial officers and as the code of business conduct for all Company directors and employees. This code is made available free of charge through the Legal section of the Company's website at www.millerknoll.com/legal. Any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of this code applicable to any such officers will be posted to the "Legal" section of the Company's website. 
 Corporate Governance 
 Information relating to the identification of the audit committee, audit committee financial experts, and director nomination procedures of the Company is contained under the captions Board Committees and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Nominations in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement, relating to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and the information within these sections is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 Information relating to executive compensation is contained under the sections Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Tables, CEO Pay Ratio, Pay Versus Performance, and "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement, relating to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and the information within these sections is incorporated by reference. The information under the caption Compensation Committee Report is incorporated by reference, however, such information is not deemed filed with the SEC. 
 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The sections entitled Share Ownership, Director and Executive Officer Information, and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement, relating to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and the information within these sections is incorporated by reference. 
 99 

Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions contained under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Director Independence in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement, relating to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and the information within these sections is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The Company's independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, Chicago, IL, Auditor Firm ID: . 
 Information relating to the ratification of the selection of the Company's independent public accountants and concerning the payments to our principal accountants and the services provided by our principal accounting firm set forth under the captions "Ratification of the Audit Committee's selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" including Disclosure of Fees Paid to Independent Auditors in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement, relating to the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and the information within that section is incorporated by reference. 
 100 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 1. Financial Statements The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the pages noted: Page Number in 
 this Form 10-K 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 48 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 51 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 52 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 94 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 95 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule The following financial statement schedule is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the pages noted: Page Number in 
 this Form 10-K 
 Schedule II- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 105 
 All other schedules required by Form 10-K Annual Report have been omitted because they were not applicable, included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, or otherwise not required under instructions contained in Regulation S-X. 3. Exhibits Refer to the Exhibit Index which is included below. 
 101 

Exhibit Index 
 (2) Plan of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession 
 (2.1) Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Herman Miller, Inc., Heat Merger Sub, Inc. and Knoll, Inc., dated as of April 19, 2021, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K Report filed April 22, 2021 (Commission File No. 001-15141). 
 (3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (3.1) Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated October 19, 2021, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) of Registrant's Form 10-Q Report filed January 5, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141) . 
 (3.2) Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated effective April 18, 2023, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K Report filed April 20 , 2023 (Commission File No. 001-15141) . 
 (4) Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders (4.1) Other instruments which define the rights of holders of long-term debt individually represent debt of less than 10 of total assets. In accordance with item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, the Registrant agrees to furnish to the SEC copies of such agreements upon request. (4.2) Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141) . 
 (10) Material Contracts (10.1) Credit Agreement dated as of July 19, 2021, by and among Herman Miller, Inc.; the lenders and other parties party thereto: Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agents; and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as collateral agent, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed July 20, 2021 (Commission File No. 001-15141). 
 (10.2) Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2021, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed October 6, 2021 (Commission File No. 001-15141) 
 (10.3) Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2023, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed April 12, 2023 (Commission File No. 001-15141) 
 (10.4) MillerKnoll, Inc. 2023 Amended and Restated Annual Incentive Cash Bonus Plan (1) 
 (10.5) MillerKnoll, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.6) MillerKnoll, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Stock Option Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). . (1) 
 (10.7) MillerKnoll, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Premium Stock Option Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). . (1) 
 
 (10.8) MillerKnoll, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.9) MillerKnoll, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Revenue Performance Share Unit with TSR Multiplier Award Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 
 102 

(10.10) MillerKnoll, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Operating Income Performance Share Unit with TSR Multiplier Award Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). . (1) 
 (10.11) MillerKnoll, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Non-Financial Metric(s) Performance Share Unit with TSR Multiplier Award Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.12) Herman Miller, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.13) Knoll, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.14) Amended and Restated MillerKnoll, Inc. Director Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed January 5, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141) . (1) 
 (10.15) Trust Under the Herman Miller, Inc. Nonemployee Officer and Director Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(q) of the Registrant's Form 10-K Report filed July 26, 2016 (Commission File No. 001-15141) . (1) 
 (10.16) MillerKnoll, Inc. Executive Equalization Retirement Plan (1) 
 (10.17) Form of Management Continuity Agreement of the Registrant is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 (c) of Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 28, 2020 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.18) Form of Indemnification Agreement between MillerKnoll, Inc. and directors, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.19) Form of Indemnification Agreement between MillerKnoll, Inc. and certain employees, including executive officers of MillerKnoll, Inc., serving as a director or officer of a foreign subsidiary, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.20) Employment Agreement between Herman Miller, Inc. and Andrea R. Owen, Chief Executive Officer, dated August 3, 2018, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed October 10, 2018 (Commission File No. 001-15141) . (1) 
 (10.21) Stock Option Agreement between Herman Miller, Inc. and Andrea Owen is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q Report filed January 9, 2019 (Commission File No. 001-15141) . (1) 
 (10.22) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement between Herman Miller, Inc. and Andrea Owen is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q Report filed January 9, 2019 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.23) HMVA Performance Share Award Agreement between Herman Miller, Inc. and Andrea Owen is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q Report filed January 9, 2019 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.24) TSR Performance Share Unit Award Agreement between Herman Miller, Inc. and Andrea Owen is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant's Form 10-Q Report filed January 9, 2019 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.25) Chris Baldwin Offer Letter dated June 13, 2021, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 (10.26) Restricted Stock Agreement under the Knoll, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Registrant's Form 10-K filed July 26, 2022 (Commission File No. 001-15141). (1) 
 
 103 

(10.27) Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement under the Knoll, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19(r) to the Form 10-K filed by Knoll, Inc. on March 1, 2021) (see modifications implemented pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger filed as Exhibit 2.1 with this Form 10-K) . (1) 
 (10.28) Restricted Share Agreement under the Knoll, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17(c) to the Form 10-K filed by Knoll, Inc. on March 1, 2021). (1) 
 
 (21) Subsidiaries . 
 
 (23) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . 
 
 (24) Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Form 10-K Report) . 
 
 (31.1) Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of MillerKnoll , Inc., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 
 (31.2) Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of MillerKnoll , Inc., pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 
 (32.1) Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of MillerKnoll , Inc., pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 
 (32.2) Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of MillerKnoll , Inc., pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 (97) Policy Relating to Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation (97.1) MillerKnoll, Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy 
 
 101.INS The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 
 (1) Denotes compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 104 

) Accounts receivable allowances credit memo (2) 
 ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax asset ) Year ended May 28, 2022: Accounts receivable allowances uncollectible accounts (1) 
 ) Accounts receivable allowances credit memo (2) 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax asset Year ended May 29, 2021: Accounts receivable allowances uncollectible accounts (1) 
 ) Accounts receivable allowances credit memo (2) 
 Allowance for possible losses on notes receivable ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax asset ) 
 (1) Activity under the Charges to expenses or net sales column are recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 (2) Activity under the Charges to expenses or net sales column are recorded within Net sales. 
 (3) Represents amounts written off, net of recoveries and other adjustments. Includes effects of foreign translation. 
 (4) Represents reserves recorded related to the Knoll entity. 
 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 105 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 MillerKnoll, Inc. /s/ Jeffrey M. Stutz By Jeffrey M. Stutz Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Signatory for Registrant) 
 
 Date: July 26, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed on July 26, 2023 by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated. Each director whose signature appears below hereby appoints Andrea R. Owen and Jeffrey M. Stutz and each of them severally, as his or her attorney-in-fact, to sign in his or her name and on his or her behalf, as a director, and to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ Michael A. Volkema /s/ Lisa Kro Michael A. Volkema (Chairman of the Board) Lisa Kro (Director) /s/ David A. Brandon /s/ Douglas D. French David A. Brandon (Director) Douglas D. French (Director) /s/ John R. Hoke III /s/ Heidi Manheimer John R. Hoke III (Director) Heidi Manheimer (Director) /s/ Candace Matthews /s/ Andrea R. Owen Candace Matthews (Director) Andrea R. Owen (President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director) /s/ Michael C. Smith /s/ Michael R. Smith Michael C. Smith (Director) Michael R. Smith (Director) /s/ Jeffrey M. Stutz Jeffrey M. Stutz (Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 106 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 exhibit10_4x06032023.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 
 MILLERKNOLL, INC. 
 2023 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 ANNUAL INCENTIVE CASH BONUS PLAN 

Section 1. Purposes of the Plan 
 
 The purpose of the Plan is to more closely link incentive cash compensation to the creation of shareholder wealth. The Plan is intended to foster a culture of performance and ownership, promote employee accountability, and establish a framework of manageable risks imposed by variable pay. The Plan is also intended to reward long-term, continuing improvements in shareholder value with a share of the wealth created. 

Section 2. Definitions 
 
 Annual Salary means, with respect to a Participant, the Participant s annual base compensation paid in a particular fiscal year of the Company, provided, however, that if an employee becomes a Participant during a Plan Year, the term Annual Salary will mean only the Participant s annual base compensation earned after becoming a Participant. 
 
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 Bonus Amount means the amount of a Participant's Earned Bonus which is payable to a Participant under Section 5 of the Plan. 
 
 Change in Control means 
 
 a. the acquisition by any Person of beneficial ownership within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, of 35 percent or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control (A) any acquisition directly from the Company (excluding any acquisition resulting from the exercise of a conversion or exchange privilege in respect of outstanding convertible or exchangeable securities unless such outstanding convertible or exchangeable securities were acquired directly from the Company), (B) any acquisition by the Company, (C) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company or (D) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a reorganization, merger or consolidation involving the Company, if, immediately after such reorganization, merger or consolidation, each of the conditions 
 Page 1 of 8 

described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Definition shall be satisfied and provided further that, for purposes of clause (B), (i) a Change in Control shall not occur solely because any Person becomes the beneficial owner of 35 percent or more of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or 35 percent or more of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities by reason of an acquisition by the Company of Outstanding Company Common Stock or Outstanding Company Voting Securities that reduces the number of outstanding shares of Outstanding Company Common Stock or Outstanding Company Voting Securities and (ii) if, after such acquisition by the Company, such Person becomes the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Outstanding Company Common Stock or any additional Outstanding Company Voting Securities, such additional beneficial ownership shall constitute a Change in Control 
 
 b. individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason within any 24-month period to constitute at least a majority of such Board provided, however, that any individual who becomes a director of the Company subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was approved by the vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be deemed to have been a member of the Incumbent Board and provided further, that no individual who was initially elected as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act, or any other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any Person other than the Board shall be deemed to have been a member of the Incumbent Board 
 
 c. consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation unless, in any such case, immediately after such reorganization, merger or consolidation, (i) more than 60 percent of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation (the Surviving Corporation (or, if applicable, the ultimate parent corporation that beneficially owns all or substantially all of the outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Surviving Corporation) and more than 60 percent of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Surviving Corporation (or such ultimate parent corporation) entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is represented by the shares of Outstanding Company Common Stock and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, respectively, that were outstanding immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such reorganization, merger or consolidation) and such ownership of common stock and voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (other than the Company, any employee benefit plan or related trust sponsored or maintained by the Company 
 Page 2 of 8 

or the corporation resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation or any corporation controlled by the Company and any Person which beneficially owned, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation, directly or indirectly, 35 percent or more of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 35 percent or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock of such corporation or 35 percent or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or action of the Board providing for such reorganization, merger or consolidation or 
 
 d. consummation of (i) a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (ii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company other than to a corporation with respect to which, immediately after such sale or other disposition, (A) more than 60 percent of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such reorganization, merger or consolidation (the Surviving Corporation (or, if applicable, the ultimate parent corporation that beneficially owns all or substantially all of the outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Surviving Corporation) and more than 60 percent of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Surviving Corporation (or such ultimate parent corporation) entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is represented by the shares of Outstanding Company Common Stock and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, respectively, that were outstanding immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation (or, if applicable, is represented by shares into which such Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities were converted pursuant to such reorganization, merger or consolidation) and such ownership of common stock and voting power among the holders thereof is in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such reorganization, merger or consolidation, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person (other than the Company, any employee benefit plan or related trust sponsored or maintained by the Company or such corporation or any corporation controlled by the Company and any Person which beneficially owned, immediately prior to such sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, 35 percent or more of the Outstanding Company Common Stock or the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 35 percent or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock thereof or 35 percent or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities thereof entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors thereof were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or action of the Board providing for such sale of other disposition. 
 
 Page 3 of 8 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 Committee means the Committee, as specified in Section 3(a), appointed by the Board to administer the Plan. 
 
 Company means MillerKnoll, Inc., a Michigan corporation. 
 
 Disability means 
 
 a. The inability of a Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months or 
 
 b. The receipt of income replacement benefits by a Participant who is an Employee for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering Employees by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment of the Participant which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 
 
 Earned Bonus means the bonus amount awarded to a Participant under Section 4 of this Plan as determined by the Committee or earned by achieving the performance criteria determined for the Participant by the Committee. 
 
 Executive Officer means those persons designated officers by the Board for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules thereunder. 
 
 Manual means the Incentive Technical Manual as approved by the Committee. 
 
 Participant means an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary determined by the Committee, or by an executive officer pursuant to Section 3, to be eligible to participate in the Plan for a Plan Year. 
 
 Plan means the MillerKnoll, Inc., 2023 Amended and Restated Annual Incentive Cash Bonus Plan. 
 
 Plan Year means the fiscal year of the Company. 
 
 Retirement means the termination of a Participant's employment with the Company or a Subsidiary after a Participant attains (A) age 55 with a minimum of 5 years of service, or (B) 30 or more years of service. 
 
 Subsidiary means any corporation in which the Company owns directly, or indirectly through subsidiaries, at least fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock, or any other entity (including, but not limited to, partnerships and joint ventures) in which the Company owns at least fifty percent (50 of the combined equity thereof. 
 Page 4 of 8 

Target Bonus means the annual bonus a Participant would earn, if any, for a Plan Year if the target performance criteria determined by the Committee are achieved for that Plan Year. 
 
 Target Bonus Percentage means the percentage of a Participant's Annual Salary, as established or approved by the Committee for purposes of determining a Participant's Target Bonus. 

Section 3. Administration 
 
 a. The Committee . The Plan shall be administered by a Committee designated by the Board consisting of not fewer than three (3) directors who shall be appointed from time to time by the Board, each of whom shall qualify as a nonemployee director. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may be the Compensation Committee of the Board or a subcommittee thereof if the Compensation Committee of the Board or such subcommittee satisfies the foregoing requirements. 
 
 b. Powers . The Committee shall have full and exclusive discretionary power to interpret the Plan, to determine those employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries who are eligible to participate in the Plan, and adopt such rules, regulations, and guidelines for administering the Plan as the Committee may deem necessary or proper. The Committee may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, and other persons to assist in performing its responsibilities under the Plan. The Board, Committee, the Company, and its officers shall be entitled to rely upon the advice or opinion of such persons. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Committee may delegate to one or more of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer or General Counsel the power to determine the participation eligibility of new Participants who are not Executive Officers and the bonus amount or performance criteria for each, in which case such Company executives shall exercise the delegated power in accordance with Section 4 of this Plan. 
 
 c. Binding Effect of Committee Actions . All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Participants, the Company, and all other interested persons. No member of the Committee shall be personally liable for any action, determination, or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan. All members of the Committee shall be fully protected and indemnified by the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in respect of any such action, determination, or interpretation. 

Section 4. Determination of Earned Bonus 
 
 Page 5 of 8 

a. Determination of Participant Performance Criteria . Prior to the commencement of each Plan Year, the Committee shall determine the performance criteria for a Participant to receive a bonus. The Committee will inform a Participant in writing if the Participant is to receive a bonus. If a Participant is not informed in writing by the Committee, the Participant will not receive a bonus for the Plan Year. A Participant's bonus may be based upon such performance criteria, goals, accomplishments or combination thereof as determined by the Committee. 
 
 b. Annual Determination of Earned Bonus . As of the end of each Plan Year, the Committee (or an executive officer to whom these powers have been delegated in accordance with Section 3 of the Plan) shall determine whether the performance criteria applicable to each Participant have been met. The Earned Bonus for each Participant shall equal the Participant s Target Bonus, plus or minus any amount for performance criteria applicable to the Participant, which shall be payable by the Company in accordance with Section 5 of this Plan. In no event will an Earned Bonus exceed two times a Participant s Target Bonus or be less than zero. 

Section 5. Payment of Earned Bonus 
 
 a. Determination of Bonus Amount . Subject to Section 5(b), the Company each Plan Year shall pay each Participant a bonus equal to the Participant's Earned Bonus following the Committee's determination of the amount of the bonus and determination with respect to the Participant's meeting any other performance criteria, and if the participant has been so informed in writing. Such Bonus shall be paid within sixty (60) days after the end of the year, subject to the right of recoupment as provided in section 6(c) below. 
 
 b. Payment Upon Death, Retirement, or Disability . In the event of a Participant's termination of employment by the Company due to death, Retirement, or Disability, the Participant shall be credited as of the end of the Plan Year in which termination occurs (the Termination Year ), with an Earned Bonus determined in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan, multiplied by a fraction (the Completion Multiple ), the numerator of which shall equal the total number of days during the Termination Year in which the Participant was employed by the Company, and the denominator of which shall be 365. The Bonus Amount for the Termination Year shall be determined in accordance with Section 5(a) above, except that the Participant's Target Bonus shall first be multiplied by the Completion Multiple. The full amount of the Participant's Earned Bonus shall be paid by the Company to the former Participant, or in the event of the Participant s death, to the Participant s estate or designated beneficiary, in one lump sum within the time frame set forth in Section 5(a) of the Plan. 
 
 c. Termination of Employment for Reasons Other Than Death, Retirement, or Disability . If a Participant's employment by the Company is terminated for reasons other than death, Retirement or Disability before the end of a Plan Year 
 Page 6 of 8 

the Participant will not be entitled to any Bonus Amount and the Participant's Earned Bonus shall be forfeited. 
 
 d. Leave of Absence Ineligibility . If during any Plan Year a Participant has an authorized leave of absence, the amount of the Participant s Earned Bonus shall be determined in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall equal the total number of days of the Plan Year a Participant is not on leave of absence, and the denominator of which shall equal 365. 
 
 e. Ineligibility . If an employee's participation in the Plan is terminated for reasons other than set forth in Section 5(c) through 5(d), whether due to employment with an affiliate of the Company that is not a Subsidiary or inclusion in a different bonus plan, (i) the amount of the Participant s Earned Bonus shall be determined in accordance with Section 5(c) of the Plan, whereby the Termination Year shall be the Plan Year in which participation in the Plan terminates and the numerator of the Completion Multiple shall equal the total number of days during the Termination Year in which the employee was a Participant in the Plan. 

Section 6. General Provisions 
 
 a. No Right to Employment . No Participant or other person shall have any claim or right to be retained in the employment of the Company or a Subsidiary by reason of the Plan or any Earned Bonus. 
 
 b. Plan Expenses . The expenses of the Plan and its administration shall be borne by the Company. 
 
 c. Recoupment . Any Earned Bonus payments or other compensation paid or payable by the Company pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to repayment by the Participant to the Company as may be required or deemed required under the terms of the Company s Compensation Recovery Policy or similar policy, or by any law, rule or regulation which imposes mandatory recoupment under the circumstances set forth in such law, rule, or regulation. 
 
 d. Plan Not Funded . The Plan shall be unfunded. The Company shall not be required to establish any special or separate fund or to make any other segregation of assets to assure the payment of any Earned Bonus under the Plan. 
 
 e. Reports . The appropriate officers of the Company shall cause to be filed any reports, returns, or other information regarding the Plan, as may be required by any applicable statute, rule, or regulation. 
 
 f. Governing Law . The validity, construction, and effect of the Plan, and any actions relating to the Plan, shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan and applicable federal law. 
 Page 7 of 8 

Section 7. Amendment and Termination of the Plan 
 
 The Board may at any time amend, discontinue or terminate this Plan or any part thereof (including any amendment deemed necessary to ensure that the Company may comply with any applicable regulatory requirement) provided, however, that, unless otherwise required by law, no amendment, discontinuance, or termination of the Plan shall alter or otherwise negatively affect the amount of an Earned Bonus earned through the date of amendment or termination. 
 
 In the event of the termination of this Plan, the full amount, if any, then credited to a Participant's Earned Bonus shall be paid in full within ninety (90) days following the effective date of termination. If the Plan is terminated prior to the end of a Plan Year, Earned Bonuses for that Plan Year shall be determined and paid in accordance with Section 5(c) of the Plan. In the event the Plan is terminated following a Change in Control the Earned Bonuses shall be determined in accordance with Section 5(c) of the Plan, except that the Completion Multiple shall be one (1) and the Earned Bonuses shall be paid at the effective time of the Change in Control. 

History 
 
 Adopted by the Board of Directors with an effective date of June 2, 2019. 
 
 Amended by the Board of Directors on April 12, 2022. 
 
 Amended and restated by the Board of Directors on July 21, 2023. 
 Page 8 of 8 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 exhibit10_16x06033023.htm
 EX-10.16

exhibit10_16x06033023 

MillerKnoll, Inc. Executive Equalization Retirement Plan 2023 Restatement (for years beginning on or after January 1, 2023) 

Page i of ii 2023 Restatement Table of Contents Page Article 1 Introduction .................................................................................................. 1 Section 1.1 Purpose ........................................................................................................ 1 Section 1.2 Effective Date ............................................................................................... 1 Article 2 Definitions .................................................................................................... 1 Section 2.1 Words and Phrases ...................................................................................... 1 Section 2.2 Definitions .................................................................................................... 2 Section 2.3 Interpretation and Construction ................................................................. 7 Article 3 Participation ................................................................................................. 8 Section 3.1 Participation ................................................................................................. 8 Section 3.2 Entry Date .................................................................................................... 8 Article 4 Contributions ................................................................................................ 8 Section 4.1 Retirement Savings Contributions ............................................................... 8 Section 4.2 Matching Contributions ............................................................................... 9 Section 4.3 Profit Sharing Contributions ........................................................................ 9 Section 4.4 Contributions for Reemployed Veterans ................................................... 10 Article 5 Participant Accounts ................................................................................... 10 Section 5.1 Individual Accounts .................................................................................... 10 Section 5.2 Allocations ................................................................................................. 11 Article 6 Benefits ...................................................................................................... 12 Section 6.1 Election of Participant ............................................................................... 12 Section 6.2 Payment of Amounts That Are Not Covered by a Participant s Election .. 13 Section 6.3 Payments Upon Death ............................................................................... 13 Section 6.4 Designation of Beneficiary ......................................................................... 14 Section 6.5 Hardship Withdrawals ............................................................................... 14 Section 6.6 Payments Upon Change in Control ............................................................ 15 Article 7 Funding ....................................................................................................... 17 Section 7.1 Fund ........................................................................................................... 17 Section 7.2 Investment of Individual Accounts ............................................................ 18 Article 8 Administration ............................................................................................ 18 Section 8.1 Plan Administrator ..................................................................................... 18 Section 8.2 Allocation of Responsibilities ..................................................................... 19 

Page ii of ii 2023 Restatement Section 8.3 Committee ................................................................................................. 20 Section 8.4 Domestic Relations Orders ........................................................................ 20 Section 8.5 Facility of Payment .................................................................................... 21 Section 8.6 Indemnification .......................................................................................... 22 Article 9 Claims ......................................................................................................... 23 Section 9.1 General Requirements ............................................................................... 23 Section 9.2 Claims Procedure ....................................................................................... 23 Section 9.3 Legal Actions .............................................................................................. 25 Article 10 Amendment and Termination ................................................................... 25 Section 10.1 Amendment ............................................................................................. 25 Section 10.2 Termination ............................................................................................. 25 Article 11 Miscellaneous ........................................................................................... 26 Section 11.1 Prohibition on Assignment and Alienation .............................................. 26 Section 11.2 Limitation of Rights .................................................................................. 26 Section 11.3 Litigation .................................................................................................. 27 Section 11.4 Severability .............................................................................................. 27 Section 11.5 Governing Law ......................................................................................... 27 

Page 1 of 28 2023 Restatement MillerKnoll, Inc. Executive Equalization Retirement Plan 2023 Restatement (for years beginning on or after January 1, 2023) The MillerKnoll, Inc. Executive Equalization Retirement Plan is maintained by MillerKnoll, Inc., a Michigan corporation, for executive employees of the company and other participating employers. Article 1 Introduction Section 1.1 Purpose The Company established this Plan effective January 1, 2008 to provide an additional retirement program for certain of its management and other highly compensated employees. The Plan is intended to be a top hat plan that will be exempt from the requirements of Parts 2, 3, and 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, and is not intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 401(a) of the Code. Section 1.2 Effective Date This is an amendment and restatement of the plan, generally effective for plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2023 (the restatement effective date ), and may be referred to as the 2023 restatement. Previously, the plan was known as the Herman Miller, Inc. Executive Equalization Retirement Plan and was maintained by Herman Miller, Inc., a Michigan corporation. Article 2 Definitions Section 2.1 Words and Phrases The definitions of words and phrases in this article apply whether or not they are capitalized, unless the context clearly indicates that another meaning is intended. 

Page 2 of 28 2023 Restatement Section 2.2 Definitions Account means an account maintained to record a participant s share of contributions to the Plan and allocation of income with respect to these contributions. The following separate accounts will be maintained for each participant: Cash Balance Account: The account maintained to record the participant s share of the Company s contributions that are made to supplement the contributions made pursuant to the Company s Retirement Income Plan and allocations of income with respect to this account; Profit Sharing Account: The account maintained to record the participant s share of the Company s contributions that are made to supplement the Company s discretionary contributions to the Company s Profit Sharing and 401(k) Plan and allocations of income with respect to these contributions; Retirement Savings Account: The account maintained to record the participant s voluntary retirement savings contributions and allocations of income with respect to these contributions. Matching Account: The account maintained to record the participant s share of the Company s matching contributions and allocations of income with respect to these contributions. Accounting period means the period beginning on the day after an allocation date and ending on the following allocation date. Administration expense means a reasonable expense of administering the plan, including reasonable expenses of administering the trust. Affiliated service group means a group of organizations described in Code 414(m). Allocation date means the last day of the plan year and such other dates as the plan administrator may designate. The plan administrator may designate more frequent periodic allocation dates and interim or other special allocation dates for any purpose at any time in the plan administrator s discretion, provided that the designation of allocation dates does not discriminate in favor of highly compensated employees. Alternate payee means a spouse, former spouse, child, or other dependent of a participant who is recognized by a qualified domestic relations order as having a right to receive all or a portion of the benefits otherwise payable to a participant. 

Page 3 of 28 2023 Restatement Beneficiary means a person designated by a participant under the terms of the plan or, in the absence of a valid designation by the participant, designated by the terms of the plan to receive any benefit payable under the plan after the participant s death. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Committee means the persons appointed by the company to assist the company or the plan administrator with matters relating to the plan or appointed by the company to be the plan administrator. Company means MillerKnoll, Inc., a Michigan corporation. Compensation means the wages that are paid during the plan year by an employer to an employee for personal services rendered by the employee to an employer and reportable in Box 1 of IRS Form W-2, determined without regard to the rules under Code 3401(a) that limit the compensation included in wages based on the nature or location of the employment or the services rendered, increased by the amounts in paragraph (1), and decreased by the amounts in paragraph (2). The wages will be increased by elective contributions made during the compensation period to a plan maintained pursuant to Code 125, 132(f)(4), 401(k), or 403(b). The wages will be decreased by (A) amounts paid before the employee becomes a participant in the plan; and (B) amounts paid as signing bonuses, reimbursements of moving expenses or other expense allowance, severance pay, and miscellaneous earnings such as income from the exercise of stock options. Controlled group means a controlled group of corporations within the meaning of Code 1563(a) (as modified by Code 409(l)(4)(B) and (C) and determined without regard to Code 1563(a)(4) and (e)(3)(C)). Employee means an individual who is a common-law employee of any member of the employer group. An employee becomes a former employee when the employee has a severance from employment. Employer means the company or any participating employer. 

Page 4 of 28 2023 Restatement Employer group means, with respect to any employer, all corporations, trades, and businesses that are members of a controlled group with the employer, all organizations that are members of an affiliated service group with the employer, and all other persons who are aggregated with the employer under Code 414(o), even if they are not participating employers. For participation and vesting purposes, however, employer group also includes all participating employers, even if they are not members of a controlled group, members of an affiliated service group, or otherwise aggregated with the company or any other employer. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Five-percent owner means an employee who owns, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of any member of the employer group. In the case of a corporation, an employee owns more than 5 if the employee owns, directly or indirectly, (i) more than 5 of the outstanding stock or (ii) stock possessing more than 5 of the total combined voting power of the outstanding stock. In any other case, an employee owns more than 5 if the employee owns, directly or indirectly, more than a 5 interest in the capital or profits. Indirect ownership will be determined by applying the rules of Code 318 to stock owned by family members and other persons and by applying the principles of Code 318 to interests in capital or profits owned by family members and other persons. Excess Compensation means compensation for a participant for a plan year that is in excess of the limit on compensation imposed by Code Section 401(a)(17). Executive Compensation Committee means the executive compensation committee of the board of directors of the company. Fiscal year means the fiscal year of the company, which is the period of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Saturday nearest the end of May and commencing for the next year on the following Sunday. Fund means the MillerKnoll, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Fund, which is maintained in accordance with the terms of this plan. 

Page 5 of 28 2023 Restatement Highly compensated employee means, for any plan year, any employee or former employee who is either of the following: an employee who (A) is a five-percent owner for the current plan year, (B) was a five-percent owner for the look-back year, or (C) received section 415 compensation in excess of 80,000 as adjusted under Code 415(d) with the base period being the calendar quarter ending September 30, 1996; or a former employee who was a highly compensated employee when the severance from employment occurred or at any time after age 55. IRA means an individual retirement account or annuity that meets the requirements of the Code. The IRA may be a traditional IRA under Code 408 or a Roth IRA under Code 408A. Key employee means any employee or former employee, including the beneficiary of any deceased employee or former employee, who during the plan year was a five-percent owner; a one-percent owner whose section 415 compensation for the year was more than 150,000; or an officer whose section 415 compensation for the year was more than 130,000 as adjusted pursuant to Code 416(i). One-percent owner means an employee who owns, directly or indirectly, more than 1 of any member of the employer group. For this purpose, ownership will be determined the same way as for five-percent owners. Participant means an employee who is participating in the plan in accordance with Article 3 or a former employee who has an account balance in the plan. Participating employer means any wholly-owned subsidiary of the company. Plan means the MillerKnoll, Inc. Executive Equalization Retirement Plan as amended and in effect from time to time. Plan administrator means the company unless the company appoints another plan administrator. The company may appoint a committee or any other person to be the plan administrator. The company may appoint or remove a plan administrator at any time and for any reason. 

Page 6 of 28 2023 Restatement Plan year means the 12-month period ending on the last day of December. The plan administrator may designate a shorter period in connection with a change in the plan year if the change satisfies the requirements of IRS Revenue Procedure 87-27. Qualified domestic relations order means a court order that satisfies the requirements of ERISA 206(d)(3) and Code 414(p). Qualified military service means service in the armed forces or other uniformed services, as defined in Chapter 43 of Title 38 of the United States Code, but only if the employee has a right to reemployment with the employer under Chapter 43 with respect to the service. Qualified plan means a pension, profit-sharing, or stock bonus plan that satisfies the requirements of Code 401(a). Reemployed veteran means an employee who returns to employment with the employer after a leave of absence for qualified military service and within the period provided by law for the protection of reemployment rights. Regulation (or Reg) means a temporary or final income or excise tax regulation issued by the Secretary of Treasury under the Code or an interim or final regulation issued by the Secretary of Labor under ERISA. Section 415 compensation means compensation determined under Code 415(c)(3) and Reg 1.415(c)-2(d)(3)for certain tax-qualification requirements, including amounts described in Reg 1.415(c)-2(e)(3)(ii) and paid within 2 months after severance from employment or, if later, before the end of the year in which severance from employment occurred, and also including differential wage payments under Code 414(u)(12), if any. The timing rules in Reg 1.415(c)-2(e) will apply in determining the amount of section 415 compensation under this paragraph. Severance from employment means a termination of employment with all members of the employer group. A severance from employment may occur with respect to an employee if the employer leaves the employer group unless the employer maintains the plan with respect to the employee by continuing or assuming sponsorship of the plan or by accepting a transfer of plan assets and liabilities (within the meaning of Code 414(l)) with respect to the employee. Spouse means the person, if any, who is legally married to the participant at the time in question, including a former spouse to the extent provided in a qualified 

Page 7 of 28 2023 Restatement domestic relations order. The legality of a marriage for purposes of the plan will be determined by the law of the jurisdiction where the marriage ceremony took place. Trust means the fund, if any, established pursuant to Section 7.1(b) and maintained pursuant to the trust agreement. Trust agreement means the agreement between the company and the trustee for administration of the trust, including management and control of plan assets, as amended and in effect from time to time. The provisions of the plan override any conflicting provision contained in the trust agreement or any custodial account documents used with the plan. Trustee means the person or persons appointed by the company to administer the trust. The company may appoint one or more individuals, or a corporation with trust powers under applicable state law, to be the trustee. Section 2.3 Interpretation and Construction (a) Plural nouns and pronouns are used throughout this document for purposes of simplicity and include the singular. (b) May is permissive, will is directive, may not and will not are restrictive, and include and including are not exclusive unless accompanied by only or similar limitation. (c) Unless otherwise specified, references to articles, sections, subsections, paragraphs, subparagraphs, exhibits, and schedules are references to this document. (d) Unless otherwise specified, references to federal laws, such as ERISA, mean the laws as amended and in effect from time to time, and the corresponding provisions of successor laws. The year (if any) included in the title of the law is not intended to specify otherwise. (e) Captions are included merely for reference and are not intended to limit or extend the meaning of the related provisions. 

Page 8 of 28 2023 Restatement Article 3 Participation Section 3.1 Participation Participation in the plan will be limited to a select group of management or highly compensated employees who are designated by the executive compensation committee. Section 3.2 Entry Date Employees will become participants in the plan on the first day of the next plan year after being designated by the executive compensation committee. Article 4 Contributions Section 4.1 Retirement Savings Contributions (a) A participant may enter into a written retirement savings agreement with the employer. The retirement savings agreement will provide that the participant will accept a reduction in salary and/or bonuses from the employer and the employer will make a retirement savings contribution for the plan year in the amount of the agreed reduction. If the retirement savings agreement is filed with the Company within 30 days after the participant begins participation in the plan, the retirement savings agreement will apply to payroll periods beginning after it is accepted by the company. If the retirement savings agreement is not filed with the company within 30 days after the participant begins participation in the plan, then it will apply to compensation earned in the plan year after the plan year in which the agreement is filed with the company. A retirement savings agreement may be amended by a participant up to once per year. Any amendment will be effective on the first day of the next plan year beginning after the year in which the amendment has been filed with the company. The maximum amount that a participant may contribute pursuant to a retirement savings agreement will be 50 of the participant s salary for the year and 100 of the participant s bonus for the year. 

Page 9 of 28 2023 Restatement (b) After the end of each payroll period, each employer will contribute to the fund as retirement savings contributions the amount by which each participant s compensation from the employer for the period has been reduced pursuant to retirement savings agreements. Section 4.2 Matching Contributions (a) After the end of each plan year, each employer will contribute to the fund as matching contributions for year an amount for each participant who is employed by the employer on the last day of the plan year. If the employer has not adopted the company s qualified plan, the matching contributions will be equal to 50 of the participant s retirement savings contributions to this plan until the matching contributions bring the total employer contributions for the participant to this plan and the company s qualified plan up to the target maximum percentage of the participant s compensation for the plan year. The target maximum percentage is the maximum percentage of compensation that the employer contributed for the fiscal year ending during the plan year to the company s qualified plan for participants who are not highly compensated employees. If the employer has adopted the company s qualified plan, the matching contributions will be the amount determined by applying the matching contribution formula established by the employer for the plan year, with the approval of the executive compensation committee, to the amount of the participant s retirement savings contributions to this plan for the year. Section 4.3 Profit Sharing Contributions (a) Core Profit Sharing. For plan years ending on or before December 31, 2022, after the end of each plan year, each employer who has adopted the company s qualified plan will contribute to the fund as a core profit sharing contribution for the plan year an amount equal to 4 (or, if less, the core contribution percentage under the company s qualified plan for the plan year) of the excess compensation of each participant who is employed by the employer on the last day of the plan year. For plan years beginning after December 31, 2022, each employer may make discretionary contributions (other than matching contributions) for a 

Page 10 of 28 2023 Restatement plan year. The amount of a discretionary contribution will be determined by the company in the company s discretion. The discretionary contributions will be made from time to time, during or after the plan year, as determined by the company. (b) Additional Profit Sharing. After the end of each plan year, each employer will contribute to the fund as an additional profit sharing contribution for the plan year the amount determined by the employer with the approval of the executive compensation committee. Section 4.4 Contributions for Reemployed Veterans (a) Reemployed veterans will be eligible for profit sharing contributions for the period of their military service. The amount of the contributions will be based on the compensation the reemployed veterans would have received if they had remained in the employ of the employer and, if this cannot be determined with reasonable certainty, then on the basis of the average amount earned each month during the 12-month period immediately preceding the period of military service. (b) Reemployed veterans may also make retirement savings contributions for the period of their military service and will be eligible for matching contributions determined by applying the matching formula for the plan year in question to the participant s make-up retirement savings contributions for the period. (c) The employer s make-up profit sharing contributions will be made as of the end of the plan year in which the reemployed veteran returns to employment with the employer after the period of military service. Reemployed veterans may make their make-up retirement savings contributions during the period that begins on their reemployment date and ends five years thereafter. The employer will make make-up matching contributions as of the end of each plan year in which the reemployed veteran has made make-up retirement savings contributions. Article 5 Participant Accounts Section 5.1 Individual Accounts The plan administrator will establish and maintain an account for each participant, including a sub-account for each different type of contribution and for such other purposes as the plan administrator deems necessary or appropriate. The accounts 

Page 11 of 28 2023 Restatement will be for accounting purposes, and will not require any segregation of assets for investment or other purposes. Benefit payments will be charged to the account as of the date of payment. Section 5.2 Allocations (a) Contributions, forfeitures, investment income, and administration expenses will be allocated to accounts as provided in this section. (b) After the end of each payroll period, retirement savings contributions will be credited to the accounts of participants in amounts equal to the amounts by which their salaries and bonuses were reduced during the period pursuant to retirement savings agreements. (c) Investment income of an account will be allocated as of the last day of the accounting period. Investment income shall include the net income or loss from investments, including realized and unrealized gains and losses on securities and other investment transactions, less expenses paid from the fund. All assets of the fund will be valued at their fair market value in determining unrealized gains and losses. If any assets of the fund are segregated for any purpose, the income from the segregated assets will not be included in account adjustments under this subsection (b). The income of the fund will be determined and allocated to accounts in accordance with the rules established by the company. (d) After the end of each plan year, matching contributions will be credited to the accounts of participants who made the corresponding retirement savings contributions and are employed by the company on the last day of the plan year. (e) After the end of each plan year, each employer s core profit sharing contribution for the plan year will be credited to the accounts of participants who are employed by the employer on the last day of the plan year in an amount equal to (1) for plan years ending on or before December 31, 2022, 4 (or, if less, the core contribution percentage under the company s Profit Sharing and 401(k) Plan for the plan year) of the participant s excess compensation for the plan year and (2) for plan years beginning after December 31, 2022, in the amount determined by the company in the company's discretion. (f) After the end of each plan year, each employer s additional profit sharing contribution for the year will be credited to the accounts of participants who are employed by the employer on the last day of the fiscal year ending during the plan year. 

Page 12 of 28 2023 Restatement If the employer has adopted the company s qualified plan, the additional profit sharing contribution will be allocated in accordance with the ratio of each participant s excess compensation for the plan year to the total excess compensation of all participants for the year. For purposes of this allocation, the term compensation will mean compensation as defined in Section 2.2, but reduced by the amount of any EVA bonuses, executive incentive pay, worker s compensation benefits, short-term disability benefits, or automobile accident disability benefits paid to the participant. If the employer has not adopted the company s qualified plan, the additional profit sharing contribution will be allocated as determined by the employer with the approval of the executive compensation committee. (g) Administration expenses for an accounting period will be allocated as of the last day of the accounting period. All administration expenses incurred by an employer, the plan administrator, or the trustee may be paid or reimbursed from plan assets. If the employer pays an administration expense, the employer may, upon written request to the plan administrator with the approval or consent of the company, be reimbursed from plan assets even though an agreement between the employer and another person relating to the payment of expenses provides that the employer is responsible for the expense. Expenses paid or reimbursed from plan assets will be allocated to participant accounts by any method established by the plan administrator. An employer may pay or reimburse the plan for any expense. A participant may pay or reimburse the plan for any expense charged to the participant s account. Article 6 Benefits Section 6.1 Election of Participant (a) Participants may specify the date on which payments will begin to be made from the plan and the form of the payments (single lump sum payment or installments in specified amounts) by filing an election concerning the payment schedule with the company prior to the year in which the income is deferred pursuant to this plan. If a payment election is filed, payment of the amounts subject to the election will be made in accordance with the election. (b) If a participant has filed an election concerning payment, the participant may change the election and defer the starting date of the payments to a date that is 

Page 13 of 28 2023 Restatement not less than five years after the date on which the first payment would otherwise have been made under the election, but the change in election may not take effect until at least 12 months after the date on which the election is filed with the company and may not be made less than 12 months prior to the date of the first payment that would have been made under the prior election. Section 6.2 Payment of Amounts That Are Not Covered by a Participant s Election (a) If a participant fails to file an election with respect to payments or the participant s elections do not cover all amounts in the participant s accounts, the balance in the accounts will be paid after the participant s employment terminates and until the death of the participant in accordance with the following: Benefit payments to participants other than key employees will begin as soon as administratively feasible after the end of the calendar year in which the participant s employment terminates, but not later than March 30 of the following year. Benefit payments to participants who are key employees will begin as soon as administratively feasible after the end of the year in which the participant s employment terminates or six (6) months after the participant s employment terminates, whichever is later. (b) Payments will be made in annual installments over a period of not more than five years. Each installment will be equal to the greater of the following: 100,000 or the balance in the participant s accounts, whichever amount is smaller; or One-fifth of the amount in the participant s accounts in the first installment, one-fourth of the amount in the participant s accounts in the second installment, one-third of the amount in the participant s accounts in the third installment, one-half of the amount in the participant s accounts in the fourth installment, and the remaining balance in the accounts in the fifth installment. (c) The first installment will be paid in accordance with subsection (a) and each subsequent installment will be paid on January 15 of the following year. Section 6.3 Payments Upon Death (a) Upon the death of a participant, the participant s beneficiary will be entitled to receive the participant s account balance as follows: 

Page 14 of 28 2023 Restatement Amounts that are subject to an election filed by the participant in accordance with Section 6.1 will be made in accordance with the election; and Amounts that are not subject to an election filed by the participant will be paid in a single lump sum payment as soon as administratively feasible after the date of the participant s death. Section 6.4 Designation of Beneficiary (a) A participant may designate one or more beneficiaries; provided, however, that if the participant has been married for one year or longer at the time of the participant s death, the participant s spouse will be the beneficiary unless the participant has designated another beneficiary with the consent of the spouse. If the consent of the spouse is required, the consent must be in writing, must acknowledge that the spouse understands the effect of giving the consent, and must be witnessed by a plan representative or notary public. (b) A beneficiary designation must be on a form provided or approved by the plan administrator. A valid beneficiary designation will be effective when received by the plan administrator, and when received will automatically cancel all prior beneficiary designations, but only if the beneficiary designation is received during the participant s lifetime. If the participant has designated the participant s spouse as a beneficiary, and the marriage terminates by divorce or annulment, the termination of the marriage will automatically cancel the designation of the spouse as a beneficiary unless otherwise provided in a qualified domestic relations order. If the participant fails to designate a beneficiary, or if all beneficiaries die before the participant, the beneficiary will be the participant s surviving spouse, if any, and otherwise the participant s estate. Section 6.5 Hardship Withdrawals (a) The committee may permit a participant to make a withdrawal if the withdrawal is necessary to enable the participant to address an unforeseeable emergency. An unforeseeable emergency is a severe financial hardship to the participant resulting from an illness or accident of the participant, the participant s spouse, the participant s beneficiary, or the participant s dependent; loss of the participant s property due to casualty (including the need to rebuild a home following 

Page 15 of 28 2023 Restatement damage to a home not otherwise covered by insurance, for example, not as a result of a natural disaster); or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the participant. (b) Hardship withdrawals are not permitted unless the withdrawal is necessary to satisfy the financial need created by the unforeseeable emergency. This determination will generally be made on the basis of all relevant facts and circumstances. A hardship withdrawal is not necessary to satisfy a financial need if it exceeds the amount of financial need remaining after other resources (including not only the participant s assets, but also the assets of the participant s spouse and minor children) reasonably available to the participant have been exhausted. A hardship withdrawal will generally be considered necessary to satisfy a financial need if the participant provides a written representation that the need cannot reasonably be relieved by other means, unless the employer has actual knowledge to the contrary. (c) If a participant is permitted to make a hardship withdrawal from the trust, any retirement savings agreement outstanding between the participant and the employer will be revoked at the time of the hardship withdrawal and may not be reinstated until the beginning of the next year. Section 6.6 Payments Upon Change in Control Upon a change in control of the company, the balance in the participant s accounts will be paid to the participant in a single lump sum payment within 45 days after the change in control, regardless of whether the participant s employment terminates as a result of the change in control. For purposes of this Plan, the term change in control will mean a change in ownership, a change in effective control, or change in ownership of the company s assets as defined below. As used in the following definitions, corporation means the company or the participant s employer. (a) A change in ownership occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as such term is described in subsection (d), acquires ownership of stock of the corporation that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the corporation, subject to the following: If any one person, or more than one person acting as a group is considered to own more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the corporation, the acquisition of additional stock in the corporation by the same person or persons is not considered to cause a 

Page 16 of 28 2023 Restatement change in ownership (or to cause a change in effective control under subsection (b); and An increase in the percentage of stock owned by any one person, or persons acting as a group as a result of a transaction in which the corporation acquired stock in exchange for property will be treated as an acquisition of stock for purposes of this subsection (a). This subsection (a) shall apply only when there is a transfer of stock of the corporation (or issuance of stock of the corporation), and stock in the corporation remains outstanding after the transaction. (b) A change in effective control of the corporation occurs on the date that either: Any one person, or more than one person acting as a group acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the corporation possessing 35 percent or more of the total voting power of the stock of the corporation, or A majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the board prior to the date of the appointment or election. (c) A change in the ownership of the corporation s assets occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the corporation that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the corporation immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions. Gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the corporation, or the value of assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. There is no change in the ownership of the corporation s assets when there is a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the shareholders of the corporation immediately after the transfer. A transfer of assets by the 

Page 17 of 28 2023 Restatement corporation is not treated as a change in the ownership of the corporation s assets if the assets are transferred to: (A) a shareholder of the corporation (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to its stock; (B) an entity, 50 percent or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the corporation; (C) a person, or more than one person acting as a group that owns, directly or indirectly, at least 50 percent of the total fair market value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the corporation; or (D) an entity, 50 percent or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a person described in subparagraph (C). Except as otherwise provided, for purposes of this Paragraph (2), a person s status is determined immediately after the transfer of assets. (d) For purposes of subsections (a), (b), and (c), persons will not be considered to be acting as a group solely because they purchase or own stock or purchase assets of the same corporation at the same time, or as a result of the same public offering. However, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase, acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the corporation. If a person, including an entity, owns stock in both corporations that enter into a merger, consolidation, purchase, acquisition of stock, or similar transaction, the person will be considered to be acting as a group with other shareholders in a corporation only with respect to the ownership in that corporation prior to the transaction giving rise to the change and not with respect to the ownership interest in the other corporation. Article 7 Funding Section 7.1 Fund (a) The Company will establish a fund for the amounts to be credited to participant accounts. The company will be the owner of the fund and may invest the assets of the fund with the other assets of the company, or may invest the assets in a separate account or accounts as determined by the company. 

Page 18 of 28 2023 Restatement (b) The company may establish a trust for the fund and transfer the assets of the fund to the trust, but the assets of the trust will remain subject to the claims of the creditors of the company. (c) The Company will be responsible for payment of any taxes assessed on or with respect to the assets or income of the fund. Section 7.2 Investment of Individual Accounts (a) If the company establishes individual investment accounts for the fund, then each participant may direct the investment of the participant s accounts among the separate investment funds selected by the company. If an account is split between two or more of the investment funds, the participant must specify the percentage of the account to be invested in each fund in accordance with the rules established by the company. (b) Each participant may establish or revise investment directions as often as permitted by the company and pursuant to the procedures established by the company. If the company permits participants to invest their accounts in the common stock of MillerKnoll, Inc., participants who are subject to the reporting requirements of section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 will be restricted with respect to investments in MillerKnoll stock in accordance with the company s rules concerning purchases and sales of company stock by employees subject to the reporting requirements. Article 8 Administration Section 8.1 Plan Administrator (a) The company is the plan administrator unless the company appoints another plan administrator. The company may appoint and remove a plan administrator at any time. (b) The plan administrator is responsible for administering the plan. The plan administrator has all of the discretionary authority necessary or appropriate to administer the plan, including the discretionary authority to interpret and construe the terms of the plan; establish policies, procedures, and forms for administering the plan; 

Page 19 of 28 2023 Restatement determine participation and vesting; allocate contributions, forfeitures, and investment income to participant accounts; determine claims for benefits; direct the trustee on matters relating to payment of benefits and expenses; correct errors in the administration of the plan, including adjustment of previous allocations to participant accounts, and, with the company, request approval from the Internal Revenue Service for correction of administrative and other operational errors; engage attorneys, actuaries, accountants, and other professional advisors for advice and other professional services; and delegate administrative duties to other persons. (c) In taking any action under the plan, the plan administrator may rely on information provided by a participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee, or the company, and may rely on advice from professional advisors, including advisors engaged by the company, in their areas of professional expertise and experience. Section 8.2 Allocation of Responsibilities (a) The plan administrator is the named fiduciary for the operation and administration of the plan. (b) The trustee is the named fiduciary for the management and control of plan assets in the trust fund, as further provided in the trust agreement. (c) The company is responsible for appointing and removing the trustee, the investment manager, and members of the committee. (d) Each party will be responsible for the proper exercise of its own powers, duties, and responsibilities and will not be responsible for any act or omission of any other party. (e) Each party may rely upon any direction, information, or action of another party as being proper under the plan and trust agreement and will not be required to inquire into the propriety of any such direction, information, or action. 

Page 20 of 28 2023 Restatement Section 8.3 Committee (a) The company may appoint a committee to be the plan administrator or to assist the company or plan administrator with any other matter relating to the plan. (b) The company will determine the membership of the committee, including the number of members. The company may appoint and remove members of the committee at any time. Committee members who are full-time employees will not receive compensation from the plan, other than reimbursement of reasonable expenses, for serving on the committee. Other committee members may receive reasonable compensation from the plan, in addition to reimbursement of reasonable expenses, for serving on the committee. The plan shall pay or reimburse the committee members for reasonable expenses of serving on the committee, and for reasonable expenses incurred by the committee, unless the expenses are paid or reimbursed by the company. (c) A committee may adopt such policies and procedures as it deems necessary, desirable, or appropriate. Each committee shall elect a member of the committee to serve as the chairman, and the chairman shall appoint a member or other person to serve as the secretary. The committee may act only by affirmative vote of a majority of all members at a meeting or by written consent of all members without a meeting. The secretary shall keep a record of all actions. (d) In taking any action under the plan, the committee may rely on information provided by a participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee, or by the company, and may rely on advice from professional advisors, including advisors engaged by the company, in their areas of professional expertise and experience. Section 8.4 Domestic Relations Orders (a) Whenever the plan administrator is served with a domestic relations order from a court of competent jurisdiction, the plan administrator will determine whether the order is qualified. The plan administrator will notify the participant and each alternate payee named in the order that the order was served on the plan administrator and that objections concerning the order must be submitted in writing within 15 days. The plan administrator will determine whether the order is qualified and notify the participant and each alternate payee of its 

Page 21 of 28 2023 Restatement determination. If the plan administrator determines that the order is qualified, the plan administrator will direct the trustee to make payment in accordance with the order. During the period in which the plan administrator is determining the status of the order, payment of any benefits in dispute will be deferred and the amount of the disputed payments will be segregated in a separate account in the plan. If the plan administrator determines that the order is qualified within 18 months after segregation of the benefits in dispute, the plan administrator will direct the trustee to pay the segregated amount, plus income, to the persons entitled to receive them in accordance with the order. If the plan administrator determines that the order is not qualified, or if the 18-month period described in paragraph (3) of this subsection has expired and the qualification issue has not been resolved, the plan administrator will restore the segregated amounts to the participant s account. If the plan administrator determines that the order is qualified after expiration of the 18-month period, the order will be applied prospectively only. The plan administrator will notify the participant and each alternate payee named in the order of its decision concerning the qualified status of the order. (b) The plan administrator will charge a participant s accounts with the costs that are reasonably incurred by the plan administrator in administering any domestic relations orders that are filed with respect to the participant s accounts. These costs will include legal fees and other expenses of reviewing and qualifying the orders. Section 8.5 Facility of Payment (a) The plan administrator will make a reasonable effort to locate a person who is entitled to payment. If after reasonable effort the plan administrator cannot locate the person, the plan administrator may authorize payment to another person who is entitled to payment. If after reasonable effort the plan administrator cannot locate any person who is entitled to payment, the plan administrator may (i) authorize payment to a custodian of an IRA for the benefit of a person who is entitled to payment, (ii) authorize payment to a state s unclaimed property administrator, (iii) authorize payment to a child support agency, or (iv) deem the payment to be forfeited. If a person 

Page 22 of 28 2023 Restatement who is entitled to payment later makes a claim for the forfeited payment, the forfeited payment will be restored in the manner provided for restoration of other forfeitures unless payment has been made to an IRA custodian, child support agency, or unclaimed property administrator. (b) The plan administrator may rely on affidavits or other information that the plan administrator believes to be reliable even though not otherwise admissible as evidence in a legal proceeding. (c) The plan administrator is not required to commence probate proceedings, seek the appointment of a legal representative, or make payments to a legal representative. If a person who is entitled to payment appears to be mentally, physically, or legally incapable of receiving or acknowledging receipt of payment, the plan administrator may authorize payment to a person with a valid power of attorney, to the trustee of a trust, to a custodian under state law regarding transfers to minors, to a person appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction to serve in a fiduciary capacity, or to any other person authorized under state law to receive the benefit. If the person is a minor, the plan administrator may also delay payment until the minor has attained the age of majority. (d) If the plan administrator cannot determine, from affidavits or other information the plan administrator believes to be reliable, whether the participant s spouse or other beneficiary survived the participant, the plan administrator may deem the spouse or other beneficiary not to have survived the participant. (e) The plan administrator s actions regarding payment are conclusive and binding on all persons, and payment will fully discharge the plan, the employer, the plan administrator, the committee, the trustee, and all other fiduciaries of the plan from liability with respect to the payment. Section 8.6 Indemnification The company shall indemnify the members of the committee and other employees who are deemed to be fiduciaries under ERISA, and hold them harmless, against any and all liabilities, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of any act or omission in good faith pursuant to the provisions of the plan, or arising out of any failure to discharge any fiduciary obligation imposed by ERISA other than a willful failure to discharge an obligation of which the person was aware. 

Page 23 of 28 2023 Restatement Article 9 Claims Section 9.1 General Requirements All claims for benefits must be submitted in writing to the plan administrator. All claims for commencement of benefit payments must be submitted in a manner required or permitted by the plan administrator. All other claims for benefits must include a statement of the claim, including the basis for the claim. The claimant must provide all other documents and information requested by the plan administrator for making a determination on the claim. Section 9.2 Claims Procedure (a) All claims for benefits will be determined under the following procedure regardless of whether the claimant is the participant, a beneficiary, or any other person. Claims will be determined according to the terms of the plan as interpreted and construed by the plan administrator. The company may appoint a committee to review any claim. In any case, the committee will have the same discretionary authority as the plan administrator, including the discretionary authority to interpret and construe the plan. (b) The plan administrator will make an initial determination on the claim within a reasonable period of time, but not later than 90 days after receipt of the claim. The plan administrator may extend this time for up to 90 days if a determination cannot be made within the initial 90-day period, due to matters beyond the plan administrator s control, and the plan administrator provides the claimant with written notice of the extension, including the reasons for the extension and the date by which the plan administrator expects to make a determination. The time for making an initial determination on the claim will begin when the claim has been properly submitted to the plan administrator for approval, even if the submission does not include all of the information necessary to make a determination. (c) If the initial claim determination is adverse, the plan administrator will provide the claimant with written notice of the determination. The notice will include all of the following: the reasons for the determination; a reference to the provisions of the plan on which the determination is based; 

Page 24 of 28 2023 Restatement a description of additional documents or other information, if any, that might permit approval of the claim and an explanation of why the additional documents and other information are necessary; and a description of the claim review procedure and the time limits applicable to the review procedure, including a statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA 502(a) following an adverse determination on review. (d) If a claimant is not satisfied with the initial claim determination, the claimant may obtain a full and fair review of the determination by submitting a written request to the plan administrator within 60 days after receiving the notice of the determination. The plan administrator will provide, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim. The claimant may submit written comments, documents, and other information for review. All such information that is timely submitted will be considered on review, regardless of whether it was submitted or considered in the initial claim determination. The plan administrator will make a determination on review within a reasonable period of time, but not later than 60 days after receipt of the request. The plan administrator may extend this time for up to 60 days if a determination cannot be made within the initial 60-day period, due to matters beyond the plan administrator s control, and the plan administrator provides the claimant with written notice of the extension, including the reasons for the extension and the date by which the plan administrator expects to make a determination. If a reason for the extension is the claimant s failure to provide documents or other information necessary to decide the claim, the time for making a determination on review will be suspended from the day when notice of the extension is sent to the claimant until the day when the claimant provides the documents and other information. (e) If the determination on review is adverse, the plan administrator will provide the claimant with written notice of the determination. The notice will include all of the following: the reasons for the determination; 

Page 25 of 28 2023 Restatement a reference to the provisions of the plan on which the determination is based; a statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim; and a statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA 502(a). (f) The plan administrator will keep records of claim determinations, for future reference, in order to ensure that the terms of the plan are applied consistently with respect to similarly-situated claimants. Section 9.3 Legal Actions No person may commence any legal action regarding any claim for benefits before the person has exhausted the claim procedure, including proper submission of the claim to the plan administrator and proper request for review of any initial adverse determination, or more than two years after the final determination on review. Judicial review will be limited to review for abuse of discretion. Article 10 Amendment and Termination Section 10.1 Amendment The company may amend the plan at any time and from time to time, in the company s discretion, with or without advance notice to employees, participants, beneficiaries, or alternate payees, but no amendment will be effective unless set forth in writing and signed by the chief executive officer, by any officer acting in place of the chief executive officer pursuant to the bylaws of the company, or by any person specifically authorized by the board of directors of the company. No amendment may reduce a participant s account balance. Amendments may apply prospectively or retroactively as permitted by law and the effective date of each amendment must be stated in the document. Section 10.2 Termination (a) The company may terminate or partially terminate the plan, or discontinue contributions to the plan, at any time, in the company s discretion, with or 

Page 26 of 28 2023 Restatement without advance notice to employees, participants, beneficiaries, or alternate payees, but no termination will be effective unless set forth in writing and signed by the company as provided in Section 10.1 for amendments. (b) Upon complete discontinuance of contributions to the plan, the company will maintain the plan until the plan is terminated. Upon termination of the plan, the account balances of participants will be distributed in lump sum payments. Payments to participants will not be accelerated upon termination or discontinuance of the plan. Article 11 Miscellaneous Section 11.1 Prohibition on Assignment and Alienation (a) No benefit, right, or other interest of any participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee is subject to assignment or alienation in any manner. All benefits, rights, and other interests of participants, beneficiaries, and alternate payees are protected, to the maximum extent permitted by law, from the claims of creditors. (b) This prohibition on assignment and alienation does not apply to any qualified domestic relations order, any domestic relations order entered before 1985, any plan loan to a participant or beneficiary, or any arrangement permitted by Reg 1.401(a)-13(d) or (e). (c) As used in this section, assignment and alienation include (i) any sale, transfer, or other disposition, (ii) any anticipation, pledge, security agreement, or other method of securing payment or performance of an obligation, (iii) any garnishment, execution, attachment, levy, or other method of satisfying a creditor s claims, and (iv) any arrangement described in Reg 1.401(a)-13(c)(1), but do not include (v) any arrangement described in Reg 1.401(a)-13(c)(2). Section 11.2 Limitation of Rights The rights of all participants under the plan are limited to participation according to the terms of the plan. No participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee has any right to any benefit under the plan except in accordance with the terms of the plan. The plan does not create any right to employment, or limit any employer s right to modify or terminate the employment of any employee even if this may affect the employee s rights or benefits under the plan. The plan does not give any employee, participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee any interest in the assets, business, or affairs of the 

Page 27 of 28 2023 Restatement employer or any other member of the employer group, or the right to examine the books and records of the employer or any other member of the employer group. Section 11.3 Litigation (a) In any legal action involving the plan or trust, the company, the plan administrator, and the trustee will be the only necessary parties on behalf of the plan and trust. No participant, beneficiary, alternate payee, or other person claiming any interest in the plan or trust will have any right to notice or service of process in any such legal action; and the judgment of the court will be conclusive and binding on all such persons. (b) If any participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee commences any administrative proceeding or legal action involving the plan or trust, and the outcome is adverse to the participant, beneficiary, or alternate payee, the plan administrator may reduce the benefits payable to the participant or beneficiary by the legal expenses, including attorney fees, incurred by the company, plan administrator, or trustee on behalf of the plan or trust in the matter. Section 11.4 Severability (a) The company, plan administrator, trustee, and committee may apply any permissive provision of any applicable law or regulation unless the provision is contrary to the terms of the plan or trust agreement. If any provision of the plan or trust agreement conflicts with any requirement of the Code or any requirement of ERISA, the requirement of the Code or ERISA will control. (b) If a court determines that any provision of the plan or trust agreement is unenforceable, the court may modify the provision, if possible, so as to give effect to the plan and trust in a way that is consistent with the purpose of the plan and the requirements of governing law. If such a modification is not possible, the court may sever the unenforceable provision and enforce the rest of the plan and trust agreement in a way that is consistent with the purpose of the plan and the requirements of governing law. Section 11.5 Governing Law The plan is governed by the law of the State of Michigan, even if principles of Michigan law regarding conflict of laws or choice of law would otherwise require or permit a court to apply the law of another jurisdiction, except to the extent that 

Page 28 of 28 2023 Restatement Michigan law is preempted by the law of the United States of America (including any common law developed by federal courts under the applicable laws of the United States). 

2023 Restatement MillerKnoll, Inc. Executive Equalization Retirement Plan 2023 Restatement (for years beginning on or after January 1, 2023) The plan is hereby amended and restated as set forth in the attached plan document. Company MillerKnoll, Inc. By Andrea R. Owen, President Date signed: 7-18-23 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21>
 4
 exhibit21_06032023.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 MILLERKNOLL, INC., SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 The Company's principal subsidiaries are as follows 
 Name Ownership Jurisdiction of Incorporation Anpartsselskabet af 5.12 2018 67 Company Denmark Anpartsselskabet af 6.9 2019 67 Company Denmark Colebrook Bosson & Saunders (Products) Limited 100 Company England, U.K. Colebrook Bosson Saunders Pty Ltd 100 Company Australia Conrad Imports, Inc. 100 Company California Design Within Reach, Inc. 100 Company Delaware Edelman Leather Limited 100 Company Ireland Edelman Leather, LLC 100 Company Delaware Fully LLC 100 Company Oregon Geiger International, Inc. 100 Company Delaware HAR AS 67 Company Norway HAY ApS 67 Company Denmark HAY International BE B.V. 67 Company Belgium HAY International CH GmbH 67 Company Switzerland HAY International DE GmbH 67 Company Germany HAY International IT S.r.l. 67 Company Italy HAY International NL B.V. 67 Company Netherlands HAY International Trading ES S.L. 67 Company Spain HAY International UK Ltd. 67 Company England, U.K. HAY Norway AS 67 Company Norway Hemiri, S.A. de C.V. 100 Company Mexico Herman Miller (Aust.) Proprietary Limited 100 Company Australia Herman Miller (Dongguan) Furniture Co., Ltd. 100 Company China Herman Miller Asia (Pte) Ltd. 100 Company Singapore Herman Miller B.V. 100 Company Netherlands Herman Miller Canada, Inc. 100 Company Canada Herman Miller do Brasil, Ltda. 100 Company Brazil Herman Miller Finance Company (Hong Kong) Limited 100 Company Hong Kong Herman Miller Furniture (India) Pvt. Ltd. 100 Company India Herman Miller Global Customer Solutions (Hong Kong) Limited 100 Company Hong Kong Herman Miller Global Customer Solutions, Inc. 100 Company Michigan Herman Miller Global Holdings Luxembourg S. r.l. 100 Company Luxembourg Herman Miller Global Holdings (UK) Ltd. 100 Company England, U.K. Herman Miller Holdings Limited 100 Company England, U.K. Herman Miller International Finance Luxembourg S. r.l. 100 Company Luxembourg Herman Miller Japan, Ltd. 100 Company Japan Herman Miller Korea LLC 100 Company Korea Herman Miller Limited 100 Company England, U.K. Herman Miller Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 100 Company Mexico Herman Miller Servicios S. de R.L. de C.V. 100 Company Mexico 

HH Ruseau, LLC 75 Company Delaware HHE Brazil 1 LLC 100 Company Illinois HHE Brazil 2 LLC 100 Company Illinois HHM2, LLC 100 Company Delaware HM Delaware LLC 100 Company Delaware HMI Liquidating Company 100 Company Michigan Holly Hunt Enterprises, Inc. 100 Company Illinois Knoll APAC PTE. LTD. 100 Company Singapore Knoll Commerce and Trade (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 100 Company Shanghai, China Knoll Coverings Hong Kong Limited 100 Company Hong Kong Knoll Europe B.V. 100 Company Netherlands Knoll International GmbH 100 Company Germany Knoll International Ltd. 100 Company England, U.K. Knoll International S.A.S.U. 100 Company France Knoll International S.p.A. 100 Company Italy Knoll International S.R.L. 100 Company Belgium Knoll North America Corp. 100 Company Canada Knoll Overseas, Inc. 100 Company Delaware Knoll, Inc. 100 Company Delaware Maharam B.V. 100 Company Netherlands Maharam Fabric Corporation 100 Company New York Meridian Incorporated 100 Company Michigan MillerKnoll Latin America, S. de R.L. de C.V. 100 Company Mexico Muuto A S 100 Company Denmark Muuto, Inc. 100 Company Delaware NaughtOne (Holdings) Limited 100 Company England, U.K. NaughtOne Manufacturing Ltd 100 Company England, U.K. Naught One Ltd 100 Company England, U.K. Naughtone USA, Inc. 100 Company Michigan Nemschoff, Inc. 100 Company Wisconsin POSH Office Systems (Hong Kong) Limited 100 Company Hong Kong Spinneybeck Enterprises, Inc. 100 Company New York Spinneybeck Limited (Canada) 100 Company Canada Spinneybeck Limited (Ireland) 100 Company Ireland 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 exhibit23_06032023.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 - Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-04367, 333-42506, 333-04365, 333-122282, 333-04369, 333-122283, 333-179138, 333-201706, 333-220893, 333-251572, 333-258170, 333-258017, and 333-258019) on Form S-8, and registration statement (No. 333-256401) of Form S-4 of our report dated July 26, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts of MillerKnoll, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 July 26, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit31_1x06032023.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 OF MILLERKNOLL, INC. (THE REGISTRANT 
 
 I, Andrea R. Owen, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 3, 2023, of MillerKnoll, Inc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date July 26, 2023 
 
 s Andrea R. Owen 
 Andrea R. Owen 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit31_2x06032023.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 OF MILLERKNOLL, INC. (THE REGISTRANT 
 
 I, Jeffrey M. Stutz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 3, 2023, of MillerKnoll, Inc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date July 26, 2023 
 
 s Jeffrey M. Stutz 
 Jeffrey M. Stutz 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit32_1x06032023.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 OF MILLERKNOLL, INC. (THE COMPANY 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Andrea R. Owen, President and Chief Executive Officer of the company, certify to the best of my knowledge and belief pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 3, 2023, which this statement accompanies, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated July 26, 2023 
 
 s Andrea R. Owen 
 Andrea R. Owen 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to MillerKnoll, Inc. and will be retained by MillerKnoll, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit32_2x06032023.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 OF MILLERKNOLL, INC. (THE COMPANY 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Jeffrey M. Stutz, Chief Financial Officer of the company, certify to the best of my knowledge and belief pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended June 3, 2023, which this statement accompanies, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated July 26, 2023 
 
 s Jeffrey M. Stutz 
 Jeffrey M. Stutz 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to MillerKnoll, Inc. and will be retained by MillerKnoll, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 10
 exhibit97_1x06032023.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

Exhibit 97.1 
 
 MILLERKNOLL, INC. 
 COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 
 
 1. Purpose . This Policy sets forth the terms on which the Company may recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation to its Executive Officers. This Policy is intended to comply with Section 10D of the Exchange Act and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5608. 
 
 2. Definitions . Unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms used in this Policy shall have the following meanings 
 
 (a) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (b) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 
 (c) Company means MillerKnoll, Inc. 
 
 (d) Exchange means the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 
 (e) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto. 
 
 (f) Erroneously Awarded Compensation has the meaning set forth in Section 3(c). 
 
 (g) Executive Officer means the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division or function (such as sales, administration or finance), any other officer who performs a policy making function, or any other person who performs similar policy making functions for the Company. Executive officers of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries are deemed Executive Officers of the Company if they perform such policy making functions for the Company. Policy making function is not intended to include policy making functions that are not significant. An Executive Officer for purposes of this Policy includes at a minimum executive officers identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of SEC Regulation S-K. 
 
 (h) Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price and total shareholder return are also Financial Reporting Measures. 
 
 (i) Incentive Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 -1- 

(j) Policy means this Compensation Recovery Policy, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 (k) Received has the following meaning Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 
 (l) SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 3. Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation . The Company shall recover reasonably promptly the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in the event that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 
 (a) Scope of Policy . This Policy shall apply to all Incentive Based Compensation Received by a person 
 
 (i) After beginning service as an Executive Officer 
 
 (ii) Who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for that Incentive Based Compensation 
 
 (iii) While the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association and 
 
 (iv) During the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement as described in the first paragraph of this Section 3. In addition to these last three completed fiscal years, this Policy shall apply to any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years. However, a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period of nine to 12 months would be deemed a completed fiscal year. The Company s obligation to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not dependent on if or when the restated financial statements are filed. 
 
 (b) Date of Accounting Restatement . The date that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement as described in the first paragraph of this Section 3 is the earlier to occur of 
 
 -2- 

(i) the date on which the Board, a committee thereof or the Company s officer(s) authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement as described in the first paragraph of this Section 3 and 
 
 (ii) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an accounting restatement as described in the first paragraph of this Section 3. 
 
 (c) Amount Subject to Recovery . The amount of Incentive Based Compensation subject to this Policy Erroneously Awarded Compensation is the amount of Incentive Based Compensation Received that exceeds the amount of Incentive Based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, and shall be computed without regard to any taxes paid. For Incentive Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an accounting restatement (i) the amount shall be based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the Incentive Based Compensation was Received and (ii) the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Exchange. 
 
 (d) Impracticability of Recovery . The Company shall recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation in compliance with this Policy except to the extent that the conditions of clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) below are met, and the Committee (or in the absence thereof, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board) has made a determination that recovery would be impracticable. 
 
 (i) The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense of enforcement, the Company shall make a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the Exchange. 
 
 (ii) Recovery would violate home country law where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company shall obtain an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the Exchange, that recovery would result in such a violation, and shall provide such opinion to the Exchange. 
 
 -3- 

(iii) Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 
 (e) Prohibition on Indemnification . The Company shall not indemnify any current or former Executive Officer against the loss of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 
 (f) Method of Recovery . The Committee shall determine, in its sole and exclusive discretion, the method or methods for recovering any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, which methods need not be the same, or applied in the same manner, to each Executive Officer, provided that any such method shall provide for reasonably prompt recovery and otherwise comply with any requirements of the Exchange. 
 
 4. Disclosure . The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with the requirements of the Federal securities laws, including the disclosure required by the applicable rules of the SEC. 
 
 5. Administration . 
 
 (a) Effective Date . This Policy shall take effect on July 18, 2023 and shall supplement the Amended and Restated Compensation Recovery Policy for Improper Conduct, also dated July 18, 2023 (the Existing Policy ). 
 
 (b) Authority of Committee . This Policy shall be administered and interpreted by the Committee in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5608, Section 10D of the Exchange Act and other applicable Federal securities laws and regulations. Except as limited by applicable law, and subject to the provisions of this Policy, the Committee shall have full power, authority and sole and exclusive discretion to construe, interpret and administer this Policy, and to delegate its authority pursuant to this Policy. In addition, the Committee shall have full and exclusive power to adopt such rules, regulations and guidelines for carrying out this Policy and to amend this Policy, in each case, as it may deem necessary or proper. Subject to Section 3(d), this Policy also may be administered by the Board, and references in this Policy to the Committee shall be understood to refer to the full Board. 
 
 (c) Decisions Binding . In making any determination or in taking or not taking any action under this Policy, the Committee may obtain and rely on the advice of experts, including employees of, and professional advisors to, the Company. Any action taken by, or inaction of, the Committee or its delegates relating to or pursuant to this Policy shall be within the absolute discretion of the Committee or its delegates. Such action or inaction of the Committee or its delegates shall be conclusive and binding on the Company and any current or former Executive Officer affected by such action or inaction. 
 
 -4- 

(d) Policy Not Exclusive . Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery, recoupment, forfeiture or offset that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any other applicable Company policy (including the Existing Policy), compensation or benefit plan, agreement or arrangement or other agreement or applicable law provided , however , that there shall be no duplication of recovery of the same compensation. 

Approved July 18, 2023 
 -5- 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 mlkn-20230603.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 mlkn-20230603_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 mlkn-20230603_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 mlkn-20230603_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 mlkn-20230603_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

