<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230731_10-K_edgar_data_1157075_0001683168-23-005175.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6366407</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>491548</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1075375</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1909841</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1195076</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1505173</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-005175.hdr.sgml : 20230731
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230731171817
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-005175
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230731
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230731

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001157075
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				621772151
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40699
		FILM NUMBER:		231128450

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23046 AVENIDA DE LA CARLOTA, SUITE 600
		CITY:			LAGUNA HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92653
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(917) 595.2850

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23046 AVENIDA DE LA CARLOTA, SUITE 600
		CITY:			LAGUNA HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92653

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NUVILEX, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090324

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EFOODSAFETY COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-005175.txt : 20230731

10-K
 1
 pharmacyte_i10k-043023.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 
 (Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the precedent 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of October 31, 2022: . 

As of July 31, 2023, the registrant had 
outstanding shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 29 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 72 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 72 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 72 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 72 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 73 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 7 5 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 75 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 80 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 8 1 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 81 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 81 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 82 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 82 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 83 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 8 9 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 95 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 97 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 98 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS 
 99 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 103 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Generally, statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements for purposes of this Report, including any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items, any statements
regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations, any statements concerning proposed new products or services, any
statements regarding future economic conditions or performance, any statements regarding expected benefits from any transactions and any
statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by use of terminology
such as may, will, should, believes, intends, expects, 
 plans, anticipates, estimates, goal, aim, potential 
or continue, or the negative thereof or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements contained in this Report are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations or any of
the forward-looking statements will prove to be correct, and actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in
the forward-looking statements. Thus, investors should refer to and carefully review information in future documents we file with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Commission ). Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well
as any forward-looking statements, are subject to inherent risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risk factors set
forth in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors set forth in this Report and for the reasons described elsewhere in this Report. 

Among others, these include: 

our estimates regarding expenses,
future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 
 
 whether the United States Food
and Drug Administration FDA approves our Investigational New Drug Application IND after we complete the
FDA s requested studies and submit a response to the FDA s clinical hold, so that we can commence our planned clinical trial
involving locally advanced, inoperable, non-metastatic pancreatic cancer LAPC 
 
 the success and timing of our
preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 
 the potential that results of
preclinical studies and clinical trials may indicate that any of our technologies and product candidates are unsafe or ineffective; 
 
 our dependence on third parties
in the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 
 the difficulties and expenses
associated with obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates; 
 
 the material adverse impact
that the coronavirus pandemic may have on our business, including our planned clinical trial involving LAPC, which could materially affect
our operations as well as the business or operations of third parties with whom we conduct business; and 
 
 whether the FDA will approve
our product candidates after our clinical trials are completed, assuming the FDA allows our clinical trials to proceed after submission
and review of our response to the FDA s clinical hold. 

All forward- looking statements and reasons why
results may differ included in this Report are made as of the date hereof, and we do not intend to update any forward-looking statements
except as required by law or applicable regulations. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all
such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor or combination
of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of performance. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified
in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. 

Except where the context otherwise requires, in
this Report, the Company, we, us and our refer to PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc., a
Nevada corporation, and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

We are a biotechnology company focused on developing
cellular therapies for cancer, diabetes, and malignant ascites based upon a proprietary cellulose-based live cell encapsulation technology
known as Cell-in-a-Box . The Cell-in-a-Box technology is intended to be used as a platform upon which therapies
for several types of cancer, including LAPC, will be developed. The current generation of our product candidate is referred to as CypCaps . 

On August 15, 2022, we entered into a Cooperation
Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with Iroquois Master Fund Ltd. and its affiliates, pursuant to which we elected a
reconstituted board of directors (the Board ). The Board then formed a Business Review Committee to evaluate, investigate
and review our business, affairs, strategy, management and operations and in its sole discretion, to make recommendations to our management
and Board with respect thereto. The Business Review Committee is also reviewing many of the risks relative to our business. In addition,
the Board is reviewing risks associated with our development programs and our relationship with SG Austria Pte. Ltd SG Austria ),
including that all licensed patents have expired, that know-how relating to our Cell-in-a-Box technology solely resides with SG Austria,
and that the incentives of SG Austria and its management may not be currently aligned with ours. The Board has curtailed spending on our
programs, including pre-clinical and clinical activities, until the review by the Business Review Committee and the Board is complete
and the Board has determined the actions and plans to be implemented. The Business Review Committee s recommendations will include
potentially seeking a new framework for our relationship with SG Austria and its subsidiaries. If we are unsuccessful in seeking an acceptable
new framework, we will reevaluate whether we should continue those programs which are dependent on SG Austria, including our development
programs for locally advanced, inoperable, non-metastatic pancreatic cancer LAPC ), diabetes and malignant ascites. The
issues involving SG Austria have delayed our timeline for addressing the FDA clinical hold for its planned clinical trial in LAPC and
could result in other delays or termination of the development activities. In addition, the curtailment of spending on our programs pending
the review by the Business Review Committee and the Board may cause additional delays. 

The Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation technology
potentially enables genetically engineered live human cells to be used as a means to produce various biologically active molecules. The
technology is intended to result in the formation of pinhead-sized cellulose-based porous capsules in which genetically modified live
human cells can be encapsulated and maintained. In a laboratory setting, this proprietary live cell encapsulation technology has been
shown to create a micro-environment in which encapsulated cells survive and flourish. They are protected from environmental challenges,
such as the sheer forces associated with bioreactors and passage through catheters and needles, which we believe enables greater cell
growth and production of the active molecules. The capsules are largely composed of cellulose (cotton) and are bioinert. 

We have been developing therapies for pancreatic
and other solid cancerous tumors by using genetically engineered live human cells that we believe are capable of converting a cancer prodrug
into its cancer-killing form. We encapsulate those cells using the Cell-in-a-Box technology and place those capsules in the body
as close as possible to the tumor. In this way, we believe that when a cancer prodrug is administered to a patient with a particular type
of cancer that may be affected by the prodrug, the killing of the patient s cancerous tumor may be optimized. 

We have also been developing a way to delay the
production and accumulation of malignant ascites that results from many types of abdominal cancerous tumors. Our potential therapy for
malignant ascites involves using the same encapsulated cells we employ for pancreatic cancer but placing the encapsulated cells in the
peritoneal cavity of a patient and administering ifosfamide intravenously. 

1 

We have also been developing a potential therapy
for Type 1 diabetes and insulin-dependent Type 2 diabetes. Our product candidate for the treatment of diabetes consists of encapsulated
genetically modified insulin-producing cells. The encapsulation will be done using the Cell-in-a-Box technology. Implanting these
encapsulated cells in the body is designed to have them function as a bio-artificial pancreas for purposes of insulin production. 

In addition to the two cancer programs discussed
above, we have been working on ways to exploit the benefits of the Cell-in-a-Box technology to develop therapies for cancer that
involve prodrugs based upon certain constituents of the Cannabis plant. However, until the FDA allows us to commence our clinical trial
in LAPC and we are able to validate our Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation technology in a clinical trial, we are not spending any further
resources developing our Cannabis Program. 

Finally, we have been developing a potential therapy
for Type 1 diabetes and insulin-dependent Type 2 diabetes. Our product candidate for the treatment of diabetes consists of encapsulated
genetically modified insulin-producing cells. The encapsulation will be done using the Cell-in-a-Box technology. Implanting these
encapsulated cells in the body is designed to have them function as a bio-artificial pancreas for purposes of insulin production. 

Until the Business Review Committee completes
its evaluation of our programs and we enter into a new framework for its relationship with SG Austria, spending on our development programs
has been curtailed. 

Investigational New Drug Application and Clinical
Hold 

On September 1, 2020, we submitted an IND to the
FDA for a planned clinical trial in LAPC. On October 1, 2020, we received notice from the FDA that it had placed our IND on clinical hold.
On October 30, 2020, the FDA sent us a letter setting forth the reasons for the clinical hold and providing specific guidance on what
we must do to have the clinical hold lifted. 

In order to address the clinical hold, the FDA
has requested that we: 

Provide additional sequencing data and genetic
stability studies; 

Conduct a stability study on our final formulated
product candidate as well as the cells from our Master Cell Bank MCB 

Evaluate the compatibility of the delivery devices
(the prefilled syringe and the microcatheter used to implant the CypCaps with our product candidate for pancreatic cancer; 

Provide additional detailed description of the
manufacturing process of our product candidate for pancreatic cancer; 

Provide additional product release specifications
for our encapsulated cells; 

Demonstrate comparability between the 1st and
2nd generation of our product candidate for pancreatic cancer and ensure adequate and consistent product performance and safety between
the two generations; 

Conduct a biocompatibility assessment using the
capsules material; 

Address specified insufficiencies in the Chemistry,
Manufacturing and Controls information in the cross-referenced Drug Master File; 

Conduct an additional nonclinical study in a
large animal (such as a pig) to assess the safety, activity, and distribution of the product candidate for pancreatic cancer; and 

Revise the Investigators Brochure to include
any additional preclinical studies conducted in response to the clinical hold and remove any statements not supported by the data we generated. 

2 

The FDA also requested that we address the following
issues as an amendment to our IND: 

Provide a Certificate of Analysis for pc3/2B1
plasmid that includes tests for assessing purity, safety, and potency; 

Perform qualification studies for the drug substance
filling step to ensure that the product candidate for pancreatic cancer remains sterile and stable during the filling process; 

Submit an updated batch analysis for the product
candidate for the specific lot that will be used for manufacturing all future product candidates; 

Provide additional details for the methodology
for the Resorufin (CYP2B1) potency and the PrestoBlue cell metabolic assays; 

Provide a few examples of common microcatheters
that fit the specifications in our Angiography Procedure Manual; 

Clarify the language in our Pharmacy Manual regarding
proper use of the syringe fill with the product candidate for pancreatic cancer; and 

Provide a discussion with data for trial of the
potential for cellular and humoral immune reactivity against the heterologous rat CYP2B1 protein and potential for induction of autoimmune-mediated
toxicities in our study population. 

We assembled a scientific and regulatory team
of experts to address the FDA requests. That team has been working diligently to complete the items requested by the FDA. We are in the
latter stages of conducting the studies and providing the information requested by the FDA. We have completed the pilot study of two pigs
and are evaluating the preliminary data before it commences the larger study of 90 pigs. 

The following provides a detailed summary of our
activities to have the clinical hold lifted: 

Additional Regulatory Expertise Added to IND
Team . In addition to our existing team of regulatory experts, we retained Biologics Consulting to perform a regulatory Gap
Analysis and to assist us with our resubmission of the IND. Biologics Consulting is a full-service regulatory and product development
consulting firm for biologics, pharmaceuticals and medical devices and has personnel with extensive FDA experience. 

Stability Studies on Our Clinical Trial Product
Candidate for Pancreatic Cancer . We have successfully completed the required product stability studies. The timepoints were 3, 6,
9, 12, 18 and 24 months of our product candidate for pancreatic cancer being stored frozen at -80C. These studies included container closure
integrity testing for certain timepoints. 

Additional Studies Requested by the FDA .
We have successfully completed various additional studies requested by the FDA, including a stability study on the cells from our MCB
used to make our CypCaps . We are already at the 36-month stability timepoint for the cells from our MCB. We are also collating
existing information on the reproducibility and quality of the filling of the MCB cells into vials ready for CypCaps manufacturing. 

Determination of the Exact Sequence of the
Cytochrome P450 2B1 Gene . We have completed the determination of the exact sequence of the cytochrome P450 2B1 gene inserted at the
site previously identified on chromosome 9 using state-of-the-art nanopore sequencing. This is a cutting edge, unique and scalable technology
that permits real-time analysis of long DNA fragments. The result of this analysis of the sequence data confirmed that the genes are intact. 

3 

Confirmation of the Exact Sequence of the
Cytochrome P450 2B1 Gene Insert . An additional, more detailed analysis of the integration site of the cytochrome P450 2B1 gene from
the augmented HEK293 cell clone that is used in our CypCaps was found to be intact. In this new study, we were able to confirm
the previously determined structure of the integrated transgene sequence using more data points. These studies also set the stage for
a next step analysis to determine the genetic stability of the cytochrome P450 2B1 gene at the DNA level after multiple rounds of cell
growth. This new study has been completed in which our original Research Cell Bank RCB cells were compared with cells
from the MCB. The analysis confirmed that the cytochrome P450 2B1 and the surrounding sequence has remained stable with no changes detected
at the DNA level. 

Biocompatibility Studies . We have been
involved with 10 biocompatibility studies requested by the FDA, eight of which have been completed successfully. The remaining studies
are underway or about to start. The Acute Systemic Toxicity Study of Empty Cellulose Sulphate Capsules in Mice is underway. The Skin Sensitization
Study of Empty Cellulose Sulphate Capsules in Guinea Pigs is about to start. These last two studies should be completed well before
the pig study (see below) is completed. To enable the biocompatibility studies to be performed, we had Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd. Austrianova manufacture an additional 400 syringes of empty capsules. 

Systemic Toxicity Testing . We evaluated
the potential toxicity of the capsule component of our product candidate for pancreatic cancer and determined there is no evidence
of toxicity in any of the parameters examined. The study also confirmed previous data that shows our capsule material is bioinert. 

Micro-Compression and Swelling Testing .
This testing is underway. We are developing and optimizing two reproducible methods for testing and confirming the physical stability
and integrity of our CypCaps under extreme pressure. These studies required the acquisition of new equipment by Austrianova as
well as validation and integration into Austrianova s Quality Control laboratory. 

Break Force and Glide Testing . We are
in the process of developing a protocol to measure whether the syringe, attached to the catheter when used to expel the capsules, will
still have a break and glide force that is within the specifications we have established. We are setting the specifications based on the
syringe/plunger manufacturer s measured break and glide forces, or alternatively, accepted ranges for glide forces routinely used
in the clinic. 

Capsules Compatibility with the Syringe and
Other Components of the Microcatheter Delivery System . We are in the process of showing that CypCaps are not in any way adversely
affected by the catheters used by interventional radiologists to deliver them into a patient. Compatibility data is being generated to
demonstrate that the quality of the CypCaps is maintained after passage through the planned microcatheter systems. 

CypCaps Capsules and Cell Viability after
Exposure to Contrast Medium . We have commenced testing to show that exposure of CypCaps to the contrast medium interventional
radiologists used to implant the CypCaps in a patient has no adverse effect on CypCaps . Contrast medium is used to
visualize the blood vessels during implantation. 

Master Drug File Information . Austrianova
is providing additional detailed confidential information on the manufacturing process, including information on the improvements and
advancements made to our product candidate for pancreatic cancer since the last clinical trials were conducted with respect to reproducibility
and safety. However, Austrianova has not changed the overall physical characteristics of CypCaps between the 1st and 2nd generations. 

Additional Documentation Requested by the
FDA . We are in the process of updating our IND submission documentation, including our discussion on immunological aspects of our
treatment for LAPC. 

Pig Study . We have commenced a study in
pigs to address biocompatibility and long-term implantation and dispersion of CypCaps . The study has two phases: (i) a pilot study
with 2 pigs; and (ii) a 90-pig study. The first phase has been completed and we are evaluating preliminary data. We believe this study
should complement the positive data already available from the previous human clinical trials showing the safety of CypCaps implantation
in human patients. The second phase of the pig study may be delayed as a result of supply chain problems, production delays at Austrianova,
and to our curtailment of spending pending review of our programs by the Business Review Committee and the reconstituted Board, including
seeking a new framework for its relationship with SG Austria and its subsidiaries. 

4 

History of the Business 

In 2013, we restructured
our operations to focus on biotechnology. On January 6, 2015, we changed our name from Nuvilex, Inc. to PharmaCyte
Biotech, Inc. to reflect the nature of our business. 

We are a biotechnology
company focused on developing and preparing to commercialize cellular therapies for cancer, diabetes, and malignant ascites using our
live cell encapsulation technology. This resulted from entering into the following agreements. 

Commencing in May 2011,
we entered into a series of agreements and amendments with SG Austria Pte. Ltd. SG Austria to acquire certain assets from
SG Austria as well as an exclusive, worldwide license to use, with a right to sublicense, the Cell-in-a-Box technology and trademark
for the development of therapies for cancer SG Austria APA ). 

In June 2013, we and
SG Austria entered a Third Addendum to the SG Austria APA Third Addendum ). The Third Addendum materially changed the transaction
contemplated by the SG Austria APA. Under the Third Addendum, we acquired 100 of the equity interests in Bio Blue Bird and received a
14.5 equity interest in SG Austria. We paid: (i) 500,000 to retire all outstanding debt of Bio Blue Bird; and (ii) 1.0 million to SG
Austria. We also paid SG Austria 1,572,193 in exchange for a 14.5 equity interest of SG Austria. The transaction required SG Austria
to return to us the 66,667 shares of our common stock held by SG Austria and for us to return to SG Austria the 67 shares of common stock
of Austrianova we held. 

Effective as of the same
date we entered the Third Addendum, we and SG Austria also entered a Clarification Agreement to the Third Addendum Clarification
Agreement to clarify and include certain language that was inadvertently left out of the Third Addendum. Among other things, the
Clarification Agreement confirmed that the Third Addendum granted us an exclusive, worldwide license to use, with a right to sublicense,
the Cell-in-a-Box technology and trademark for the development of therapies for cancer. 

With respect to Bio Blue
Bird, Bavarian Nordic A/S Bavarian Nordic and GSF-Forschungszentrum f r Umwelt u. Gesundheit GmbH (collectively,
 Bavarian Nordic/GSF and Bio Blue Bird entered into a non-exclusive License Agreement Bavarian Nordic/GSF License
Agreement in July 2005, whereby Bio Blue Bird was granted a non-exclusive license to further develop, make, have made (including
services under contract for Bio Blue Bird or a sub-licensee, by Contract Manufacturing Organizations, Contract Research Organizations,
Consultants, Logistics Companies or others), obtain marketing approval, sell and offer for sale the clinical data generated from the pancreatic
cancer clinical trials that used the cells and capsules developed by Bavarian Nordic/GSF (then known as CapCells or otherwise use the licensed patent rights related thereto in the countries in which patents had been granted. Bio Blue Bird was required
to pay Bavarian Nordic a royalty of 3 of the net sales value of each licensed product sold by Bio Blue Bird and/or its Affiliates and/or
its sub-licensees to a buyer. The term of the Bavarian Nordic/GSF License Agreement continued on a country-by-country basis until the
expiration of the last valid claim of the licensed patent rights. 

Bavarian Nordic/GSF and
Bio Blue Bird amended the Bavarian Nordic License Agreement in December 2006 First Amendment to Bavarian Nordic/GSF License Agreement to reflect that: (i) the license granted was exclusive; (ii) a royalty rate increased from 3 to 4.5 ; (iii) Bio Blue Bird assumed the
patent prosecution expenses for the existing patents; and (iv) to make clear that the license will survive as a license granted by one
of the licensors if the other licensor rejects performance under the Bavarian Nordic License Agreement due to any actions or declarations
of insolvency. 

5 

In June 2013, we acquired
from Austrianova an exclusive, worldwide license to use the Cell-in-a-Box technology and trademark for the development of a
therapy for Type 1 and insulin-dependent Type 2 diabetes Diabetes Licensing Agreement ). This allows us to develop a therapy
to treat diabetes through encapsulation of a human cell line that has been genetically modified to produce, store and release insulin
in response to the levels of blood sugar in the human body. 

In October 2014, we entered
into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement with the UTS Melligen Cell License Agreement in Australia to use insulin-producing
genetically engineered human liver cells developed by UTS to treat Type 1 diabetes and insulin-dependent Type 2 diabetes. These cells,
named Melligen, were tested by UTS in mice and shown to produce insulin in direct proportion to the amount of glucose in
their surroundings. In those studies, when Melligen cells were transplanted into immunosuppressed diabetic mice, the blood glucose levels
of the mice became normal. In other words, the Melligen cells reportedly reversed the diabetic condition. 

In December 2014, we
acquired from Austrianova an exclusive, worldwide license to use the Cell-in-a-Box technology and trademark in combination with
genetically modified non-stem cell lines which are designed to activate cannabinoid prodrug molecules for development of therapies for
diseases and their related symptoms using of the Cell-in-a-Box technology and trademark Cannabis Licensing Agreement ).
This allows us to develop a therapy to treat cancer and other diseases and symptoms through encapsulation of genetically modified cells
designed to convert cannabinoids to their active form using the Cell-in-a-Box technology and trademark. 

In July 2016, we entered
into a Binding Memorandum of Understanding with Austrianova Austrianova MOU ). Pursuant to the Austrianova MOU, Austrianova
will actively work with us to seek an investment partner or partners who will finance clinical trials and further develop products for
our therapy for cancer, in exchange for which we, Austrianova and any future investment partner will each receive a portion of the net
revenue from the sale of cancer products. 

 In October 2016, Bavarian
Nordic/GSF and Bio Blue Bird further amended the Bavarian Nordic License Agreement Second Amendment to Bavarian Nordic/GSF License
Agreement in order to: (i) include the right to import in the scope of the license; (ii) reflect ownership and notification of
improvements; (iii) clarify which provisions survive expiration or termination of the Bavarian Nordic License Agreement; (iv) provide
rights to Bio Blue Bird to the clinical data after the expiration of the licensed patent rights; and (v) change the notice address and
recipients of Bio Blue Bird. 

In May 2018, we entered
into a series of binding term sheet amendments Binding Term Sheet Amendments ). The Binding Term Sheet Amendments provide
that our obligation to make milestone payments to Austrianova is eliminated in their entirety under the: (i) Cannabis License Agreement;
and (ii) the Diabetes License Agreement, as amended. The Binding Term Sheet Amendments also provide that our obligation to make milestone
payments to SG Austria for therapies for cancer be eliminated in their entirety. In addition, the Binding Term Sheet Amendments also provides
that the scope of the Diabetes License Agreement is expanded to include all cell types and cell lines of any kind or description now or
later identified, including, but not limited to, primary cells, mortal cells, immortal cells and stem cells at all stages of differentiation
and from any source specifically designed to produce insulin for the treatment of diabetes. 

In addition, one of the
Binding Term Sheet Amendments provides that we will have a 5-year right of first refusal from August 30, 2017 in the event that Austrianova
chooses to sell, transfer or assign at any time during this period the Cell-in-a-Box technology, tradename and Associated Technologies
(defined below), intellectual property, trade secrets and know-how, which includes the right to purchase any manufacturing facility used
for the Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation process and a non-exclusive license to use the special cellulose sulfate utilized with the
Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation process (collectively, Associated Technologies provided, however, that the Associated
Technologies subject to the right of first refusal do not include Bac-in-a-Box (which is used to encapsulate bacteria). Additionally,
for a period of one year from August 30, 2017 one of the Binding Term Sheet Amendments provides that Austrianova will not solicit, negotiate
or entertain any inquiry regarding the potential acquisition of the Cell-in-a-Box and its Associated Technologies. 

6 

The Binding Term Sheet
Amendments further provide that: (i) the royalty payments on gross sales as specified in the SG Austria APA, the Cannabis License Agreement
and the Diabetes License Agreement are changed to 4 ; and (ii) the royalty payments on amounts received by us from sublicensees on sublicensees 
gross sales under the same agreements are changed to 20 of the amount received us from our sublicensees, provided, however, that
in the event the amounts received by us from sublicensees is 4 or less of sublicensees gross sales, Austrianova will receive 50 
of what we receive (up to 2 and then additionally 20 of any amount we receive over that 4 . 

One of the Binding Term
Sheet Amendments requires that we pay 900,000 to Austrianova ratably over a nine-month period in the amount of two 50,000 payments each
month during the nine-month period on the days of the month to be agreed upon between the parties, with a cure period of 20 calendar days
after receipt by us of written notice from Austrianova that we have failed to pay timely a monthly payment. As of April 30, 2020, the
 900,000 amount has been paid in full. The Binding Term Sheet Amendments also provide that Austrianova receives 50 of any other financial
and non-financial consideration received from our sublicensees of the Cell-in-a-Box technology. 

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Operations 

In March 2020, the World
Health Organization declared an outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic, and the world s economies have experienced pronounced effects.
Despite the multiple COVID-19 vaccines globally, there remains uncertainty around the extent and duration of disruption and any future
related financial impact cannot reasonably be estimated at this time. COVID-19 has caused and may continue to cause significant, industry-wide
delays in clinical trials. Although we are not yet in a clinical trial, we have filed an IND with the FDA to commence a clinical trial
in LAPC, and this clinical trial may experience delays relating to COVID-19 once commenced, including but not limited to: (i) delays or
difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trial if the FDA allows us to go forward with the trial; (ii) delays or difficulties
in clinical site activation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site personnel; (iii) delays
in clinical sites receiving the supplies and materials needed to conduct the clinical trial, including interruption in global shipping
that may affect the transport of our clinical trial product; (iv) changes in local regulations as part of a response to COVID-19 which
may require us to change the ways in which its clinical trial is to be conducted, which may result in unexpected costs, or to discontinue
the clinical trial altogether; (v) diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion
of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trial; (vi) interruption of key
clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state
governments, employers and others, or interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures, the occurrence of which could
affect the integrity of clinical trial data; (vii) risk that participants enrolled in our clinical trials will acquire COVID-19 while
the clinical trial is ongoing, which could impact the results of the clinical trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse
events; (viii) delays in necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics committees, and other important agencies and contractors
due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees; (ix) limitations in employee resources that would
otherwise be focused on the conduct of our clinical trial because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees
to avoid contact with large groups of people; (x) refusal of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies; and
(xi) interruption or delays to our clinical trial activities. Many of these potential delays may be exacerbated by the impact of COVID-19
in foreign countries where we are conducting these preclinical studies, including India, Europe, Singapore and Thailand. 

Further, the various
precautionary measures taken by many governmental authorities around the world in order to limit the spread of COVID-19 has had and may
continue to have an adverse effect on the global markets and global economy, including on the availability and pricing of employees, resources,
materials, manufacturing and delivery efforts and other aspects of the global economy. COVID-19 could materially disrupt our business
and operations, hamper its ability to raise additional funds or sell securities, continue to slow down the overall economy, curtail consumer
spending, interrupt our supply chain, and make it hard to adequately staff our operations. 

7 

Market Opportunity
and Competitive Landscape 

The three areas we are
developing for live cell encapsulation-based therapies are cancer, diabetes and malignant ascites. 

The Cell-in-a-Box capsules
are comprised of cotton s natural component cellulose. Other materials used by competitors include alginate, collagen, chitosan,
gelatin and agarose. Alginate appears to be the most widely used of these. We believe the inherent strength and durability of our cellulose-based
capsules provides us with advantages over the competition. They do so with no evidence of rupture, damage, degradation, fibrous overgrowth
or immune system response. The cells within the capsules also remained alive and functioning during these studies. Other encapsulating
materials degrade in the human body over time, leaving the encapsulated cells open to immune system attack. Damage to surrounding tissues
has also been reported to occur over time when other types of encapsulation materials begin to degrade. 

The cells encapsulated
using the Cell-in-a-Box technology can be frozen for extended periods of time. When thawed, the cells are recovered
with approximately 85 viability. We are unaware of any other cell encapsulation material that is capable of protecting their encapsulated
cells to this degree. The implications of this property of the Cell-in-a-Box technology are obvious long-term
storage of encapsulated cells and shipment of encapsulated cells over long distances. 

We believe our live cell
encapsulation technology may have significant new advantages and opportunities for us in numerous and developing ways. For example: 

Cancerous diseases may be treated by placing encapsulated drug-converting cells that convert a chemotherapy prodrug near the cancerous tumor; 

Confinement and maintenance of therapeutic cells that activate a chemotherapy prodrug may be placed at the site of implantation in a blood vessel near the cancerous tumor results in targeted chemotherapy 

Increased efficacy of a chemotherapy prodrug may allow for lower doses of the prodrug to be given to a patient, significantly reducing or even eliminating side effects from the chemotherapy; 

Encapsulating genetically modified live cells has the potential for the treatment of systemic diseases of various types, including diabetes; 

Multi-layered trade secret protection and marketing exclusivity for our technology exists and is being expanded; 

Cell-in-a-Box capsules can prevent immune system attack of functional cells inside them without the need for immunosuppressive drug therapy; and 

Promising data with the Cell-in-a-Box technology and the cells used with our technology from animal and initial human clinical trials. 

Pancreatic cancer is
increasing in most industrialized countries. The American Cancer Society estimates that in 2022 there will be 62,210 people in the U.S.
diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. It also estimates 48,830 patients with pancreatic cancer will die in 2022. Pancreatic cancer accounts
for about 3 of all cancers in the U.S. and about 7 of all cancer deaths. 

Our goal is to satisfy
a clear unmet medical need for patients with LAPC whose tumors no longer respond after 4-6 months of treatment with the chemotherapy combination
of Abraxane plus gemcitabine or the four-drug combination known as FOLFIRINOX. For these patients, there is currently
no effective therapy. We believe there will be no therapy comparable to our Cell-in-a-Box plus low dose of ifosfamide
combination therapy when it is used in these patients. 

8 

We face intense competition
in the field of treating pancreatic cancer. There are dozens of startups, smaller biotech companies, big pharma, and several academic
institutions and cancer centers all trying to improve the outcome for pancreatic cancer patients. For example, in a single patient case
report published June 2022 in the New England Journal of Medicine, a study funded by the Providence Portland Medical Foundation in conjunction
with the Earle A. Chiles Research Institute reported objective regression of metastatic pancreatic cancer using genetically-engineered
autologous T cells. There are several drugs already available and in the pipelines of pharmaceutical companies worldwide, not the least
of which is the combination of the drugs of Abraxane and gemcitabine. This is the primary FDA-approved combination
of drugs for treating advanced pancreatic cancer. In Europe and in the U.S., the 4-drug combination FOLFIRINOX has also found use as a
first-line treatment for advanced pancreatic cancer. Some of our competitive strengths include the Orphan Drug Designation we have been
granted by the FDA and the European Medicines Agency for our pancreatic cancer therapy, our trade secrets, the patents we are seeking
and the licensing agreements we have that are described in this Report. Yet many of our competitors have substantially greater financial
and marketing resources than we do. They also have stronger name recognition, better brand loyalty and long-standing relationships with
customers and suppliers. Our future success will be dependent upon our ability to compete. 

We believe our product
candidate for pancreatic cancer has already shown promise through the completion of a Phase 1/2 and a Phase 2 clinical trial in advanced,
inoperable pancreatic cancer carried out in Europe by Bavarian Nordic in 1998 1999 and 2000, respectively. 

We have a number of competitors
developing Cannabis -based treatments for cancer. In February 2021, Jazz Pharmaceuticals Public Limited Company Jazz ),
a neuroscience and oncology focused company, acquired GW Pharmaceuticals, PLC for 7.2 billion. Jazz now has two approved cannabinoid
extract-based products: Epidiolex (CBD) oral solution for the treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut
syndrome, Dravet syndrome or tuberous sclerosis complex, and Sativex (THC/CBD) oromucosal spray for the treatment
of severe multiple sclerosis spasticity. Sativex is currently being studied in conjunction with the Brain Tumour
Charity and the UK National Health Service to examine effectiveness in the treatment of recurrent glioblastoma brain tumor when used alongside
the chemotherapeutic agent temozolomide. Jazz s pipeline indications include: neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, neuropsychiatry
targets, autism spectrum disorders, epilepsy, spasticity and undisclosed targets. Cannabis Science, Inc. CBIS has a number
of indications in its product development pipeline, all pre-clinical, the most advanced being for the treatment of oxidative stress, psychosis/anxiety,
PTSD, and sleep deprivation. CBIS also has plans to develop treatments for Stage 4 lung cancer and pancreatic cancer. CNBX Pharmaceuticals
Inc. (previously Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) CNBX has a primary research focus on the development of cannabinoid
therapies for the treatment of cancer, mainly cancers of the gastrointestinal tract, skin, breast and prostate. CNBX s other Cannabis -based
areas of research include Alzheimer s disease, mental health conditions, and auto-immune diseases. Cannabotech Ltd. Cannabotech ),
an Israeli company, in collaboration with Haifa University, is studying an improved method for killing pancreatic and colon cancer cells
using a botanical drug based on an extract of the Cyathus striatus fungus and a cannabinoid extract. Cannabotech is also
developing therapies for breast, lung and prostate cancers. 

In contrast to the work
being done by these companies, we plan to focus on developing specific therapies based on chosen molecules rather than using Cannabis extracts.
We intend to use the Cell-in-a-Box technology in combination with genetically-modified cell lines designed to activate
cannabinoid molecules for the targeted treatment of diseases and their related symptoms. 

The Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention estimates that in 2022 a total of 37.3 million people in the U.S. have been diagnosed with diabetes (11.3 of the
U.S. population) and another 8.5 million people (23.0 of adults) are undiagnosed. The diabetes market is estimated in the tens of billions
of dollars, and it continues to grow. 

9 

The field of diabetes cell therapy development
is very competitive. There are numerous companies developing cell-based therapies for diabetes. These competitors include companies such
as ViaCyte, Inc. which has two stem cell-based product candidates in Phase 1/2 clinical trials for type 1 diabetes: PEC-Direct, which
is a pouch that is open to the surrounding vasculature and requires the use of immunosuppressive drugs, and PEC-Encap, which
is a pouch that contains the implanted cells and prevents contact with the vasculature and immune cells but still allows passage of nutrients
and proteins to travel between the cells inside the device and blood vessels which grow along the outside of the device. PEC-Encap is
reported to generally prevent immune rejection and immune sensitization. Conceptually, PEC-Encap has similarities with Cell-in-a-Box .
Other companies developing some form of encapsulation-based diabetes therapy include Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., Defymed, Diatranz Otsuka
Limited, Seraxis, Inc., Unicyte AG, Sernova Corp., Betalin Therapeutics Ltd., Novo Nordisk, Beta-O2 Technologies Ltd., Eli Lilly 
Co. in collaboration with Sigilon Therapeutics, Inc. and the Diabetes Research Institute Foundation. 

Although such competition exists in the diabetes
space, we believe these other companies are developing encapsulation-based therapies using materials and methodologies that produce capsules
or devices that are far less robust than ours or that are associated with other problems, such as extremely short shelf-life of the product
and/or fibrotic overgrowth of their encapsulation products when implanted in the body. We believe these properties are not characteristic
of the Cell-in-a-Box capsules. Our product candidate for diabetes has shown promise. Completed research studies have resulted
in positive responses in animal models using the Melligen cells. We believe we are in a strong competitive position considering our unique
encapsulation technology and the genetically modified cells that we have the exclusive worldwide license to use in most industrialized
countries. 

Malignant ascites occurs when cancer cells irritate
the peritoneum causing an overproduction of ascitic fluid which causes the abdomen to swell as fluid accumulates. It is more likely to
develop in patients who have ovarian, uterine, cervical, colorectal, stomach, pancreatic, breast and liver cancers. In most patients,
development of malignant ascites is a sign of advanced disease and poor prognosis. Malignant ascites can result in impairment to the quality
of life of a cancer patient. In addition to abdominal distention, pain and difficulty breathing, it may also cause nausea, vomiting, early
satiety, lower extremity edema, weight gain and reduced mobility. These symptoms can interfere with a patient s ability to eat,
to walk and to perform daily activities. They also reduce a patient s ability to withstand anti-cancer therapies, potentially reducing
survival. 

We are developing a therapy to delay the production
and accumulation of malignant ascites using our cancer therapy (i.e., ifosfamide converting encapsulated live cells). Preclinical studies
are underway in Germany, and, if successful, we plan to seek FDA approval to conduct a Phase 1 study. Typical treatments for malignant
ascites include paracentesis, percutaneously implanted catheters, peritoneal ports and peritoneovenous shunts. These treatments can be
painful, ineffective and expensive. There is currently no available treatment that delays the production and accumulation of malignant
ascites fluid, and we know of no competitors in this area. 

Material Agreements 

Third Addendum to
the SG Austria APA 

In June 2013, we and SG Austria entered the Third
Addendum and the Clarification Agreement. The Third Addendum requires us to make the following payments for the purchased assets; these
payments were timely made in full under the payment deadlines set forth in the Third Addendum: 

A 60,000 payment due under the SG Austria APA; 

A payment of Stamp Duty estimated to be 10,000-17,000 to the Singapore Government; 

500,000 to be used to pay off the existing debt of Bio Blue Bird; and 

1,000,000 to SG Austria. 

10 

Pursuant to the Third Addendum, we agreed to and
have entered a manufacturing agreement with SG Austria for the manufacture of the pancreatic cancer clinical trial product to treat LAPC.
The Manufacturing Framework Agreement requires us to pay Austrianova a one-time manufacturing setup fee in the amount of 647,000, of
which 50 is required to be paid on the effective date of the Manufacturing Framework Agreement and 50 is required to be paid three months
later. We have paid the full amount of the manufacturing setup fee. 

The Manufacturing Framework Agreement also requires
us to pay a fee for producing the final encapsulated cell product of 647 per vial of 300 capsules after production, with a minimum purchased
batch size of 400 vials of any Cell-in-a-Box product. The fees under the Manufacturing Framework Agreement are subject to annual
increases according to the annual inflation rate in the country in which the encapsulated cell products are manufactured. We placed and
have received an order to produce 400 vials for our clinical trial to treat LAPC. Austrianova has been paid the full amount for the order. 

The Third Addendum also requires us to make future
royalty and milestone payments as follows: 

Two percent royalty on all gross sales received by us or our affiliates; 

Ten percent royalty on gross revenues received by us or our affiliates from a sublicense or right to use the patents or the licenses granted by us or our affiliates; 

Milestone payments of 100,000 within 30 days after enrollment of the first human patient in the first clinical trial for each product; 300,000 within 30 days after enrollment of the first human patient in the first Phase 3 clinical trial for each product; and 800,000 within 60 days after having a NDA or a BLA approved by the FDA or a MAA approved by the EMA in Europe, or its equivalent based on the country in which it is accepted for each product; and 

Milestone payments of 50,000 due 30 days after enrollment of the first veterinary patient in the first trial for each product and 300,000 due 60 days after having a BLA, a NDA or a MAA or its equivalent approved based on the country in which it is accepted for each veterinary product. 

On May 14, 2018, we entered into amendments to
the Third Addendum. For a full description of these amendments, see Item 1. History of the Business. 

Diabetes Licensing
Agreement 

Under the Diabetes Licensing Agreement, we are
required to make a payment of 2,000,000 in two equal payments of 1,000,000 each. We made our first 1,000,000 payment on October 30,
2013. Our second payment of 1,000,000 was made on February 25, 2014. 

The Diabetes Licensing Agreement requires us to
pay Austrianova, pursuant to a manufacturing agreement to be entered between the parties, a one-time manufacturing setup fee in the amount
of approximately 600,000, of which 50 is required to be paid on the signing of a manufacturing agreement for a product and 50 is required
to be paid three months later. In addition, the Diabetes Licensing Agreement requires us to pay a manufacturing production fee, which
is to be defined in the manufacturing agreement, for producing the final encapsulated cell product of approximately 600.00 per vial of
300 capsules after production, with a minimum purchased batch size of 400 vials of any Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation-based product.
All costs for encapsulated cell products will be subject to an annual increase equal to the published rate of inflation in the country
of manufacture of the vials. 

11 

The Diabetes Licensing Agreement requires us to
make future royalty and milestone payments as follows: 

Ten percent royalty of gross sales of all products we sell; 

Twenty percent royalty of the amount received by us from a sub-licensee on its gross sales; and 

Milestone payments of 100,000 within 30 days of beginning the first pre-clinical experiments using the encapsulated cells; 

500,000 within 30 days after enrollment of the first human patient in the first clinical trial; 800,000 within 30 days after enrollment of the first human patient in the first Phase 3 clinical trial and; 

1,000,000 within 90 days after having a NDA or a BLA approved by the FDA or a MAA approved by the EMA in Europe, or its equivalent based on the country in which it is accepted for each product. 

The license under the Diabetes Licensing Agreement,
as amended, may be terminated and all rights will revert to Austrianova if any of the following milestone events do not occur within the
following timeframes, subject to all the necessary and required research having been successful and the relevant product being sufficiently
prepared to enter a clinical trial: 

If we fail to enter a research program with the technology in the scope of the license providing a total funding equal to or greater than 400,000 within three years of June 25, 2013, the effective date of the Diabetes Licensing Agreement (we have met this requirement); or 

If we fail to enter a clinical trial or its equivalent for a product within seven years of the effective date of the Diabetes Licensing Agreement. 

In May 2018, we entered into amendments to the
Diabetes Licensing Agreement. For a full description of these amendments, see Item 1. History of the Business. 

Cannabis Licensing
Agreement 

Pursuant to the Cannabis Licensing Agreement,
we acquired from Austrianova an exclusive worldwide license to use the Cell-in-a-Box trademark and its associated technology
with genetically modified non-stem cell lines which are designed to activate cannabinoids to develop therapies involving Cannabis with
a right to sublicense. 

Under the Cannabis Licensing Agreement, we are
required to pay Austrianova an initial upfront payment of 2,000,000 Upfront Payment ). We have the right to make periodic
monthly partial payments of the Upfront Payment in amounts to be agreed upon between the parties prior to each such payment being made.
Under the Cannabis Licensing Agreement, the Upfront Payment must be paid in full by no later than June 30, 2015. The parties amended the
Cannabis Licensing Agreement twice pursuant to which the balance of the Upfront Payment is to be paid by June 30, 2016. We have paid the
Upfront Payment of 2,000,000 in full. 

12 

The Cannabis Licensing Agreement requires us to
pay Austrianova, pursuant to a manufacturing agreement to be entered between the parties, a one-time manufacturing setup fee in the amount
of 800,000, of which 50 is required to be paid on the signing of a manufacturing agreement for a product and 50 is required to be paid
three months later. In addition, the Cannabis Licensing Agreement requires us to pay a manufacturing production fee, which is to be defined
in the manufacturing agreement, for producing the final encapsulated cell product of 800 per vial of 300 capsules after production with
a minimum purchased batch size of 400 vials of any Cell-in-a-Box product. All costs for encapsulated cell products, the manufacturing
setup fee and the manufacturing production fee will be subject to annual increases, in accordance with the inflation rate in the country
in which the encapsulated cell products are manufactured. 

The Cannabis Licensing Agreement requires us to
make future royalty and milestone payments as follows: 

Ten percent royalty of the gross sale of all products sold by us; 

Twenty percent royalty of the amount received by us from a sublicense on its gross sales; and 

Milestone payments of 100,000 within 30 days of beginning the first pre-clinical experiments using the encapsulated cells; 500,000 within 30 days after enrollment of the first human patient in the first clinical trial; 800,000 within 30 days after enrollment of the first human patient in the first Phase 3 clinical trial; and 1,000,000 within 90 days after having a NDA or a BLA approved by the FDA or a MAA approved by the EMA or its equivalent based on the country in which it is accepted for each product. 

The license under the Cannabis Licensing Agreement,
as amended, may be terminated and all rights will revert to Austrianova if any of the following milestone events do not occur within the
following timeframes: 

If we do not enter a research program involving the scope of the license within three years of December 1, 2014, the effective date of the Cannabis Licensing Agreement (we have met this requirement); or 

If we do not enter a clinical trial or its equivalent for a product within 7 years of the effective date of the Cannabis Licensing Agreement. 

In May 2018, we entered into amendments to the
Cannabis Licensing Agreement. For a full description of these amendments, see Item 1. History of the Business. 

Melligen Cell License
Agreement 

The Melligen Cell License Agreement requires that
we pay royalty, milestone and patent costs to UTS as follows: 

Six percent of gross exploitation revenue on product sales; 

Twenty-five percent of gross revenues if the product is sublicensed by us; 

Milestone payments of AU 50,000 at the successful conclusion of a preclinical study, AU 100,000 at the successful conclusion of a Phase 1 clinical trial, AU 450,000 at the successful conclusion of a Phase 2 clinical trial, and AU 3,000,000 at the successful conclusion of a Phase 3 clinical trial; and 

Patent costs of fifteen percent of the costs paid by UTS to prosecute and maintain patents related to the licensed intellectual property. 

13 

In the event of a default under the Melligen Cell
License Agreement, the non-defaulting party may immediately terminate the agreement by notice in writing to the defaulting party if: (i)
the default has continued for not less than 14 days or occurred more than 14 days earlier and has not been remedied; (ii) the non-defaulting
party serves upon the defaulting party notice in writing requiring the default to be remedied within 30 days of such notice, or such greater
number of days as the non-defaulting party may in its discretion allow, and (iii) the defaulting party has failed to comply with the notice
referred to in (ii) above. 

The Melligen Cell License Agreement was amended
in April 2016 to change the name of the licensee to our current name and clarify certain ambiguities in the agreement. We are required
to pay the Melligen cell patent prosecution costs and to pay to UTS a patent administration fee equal to 15 of all amounts paid by UTS
to prosecute and maintain patents related to the Melligen cells. 

In August 2017, we entered into the Binding Term
Sheet pursuant to which the parties reached an agreement to amend certain provisions in the SG Austria APA, the Diabetes Licensing Agreement
and the Cannabis Licensing Agreement. 

In May 2018, we entered into agreements with SG
Austria and Austrianova to amend certain provisions of the SG Austria APA, the Diabetes Licensing Agreement and the Cannabis Licensing
Agreement pursuant to the Binding Term Sheet. For a full description of these amendments, see Item 1. History of the Business. 

Sources and Availability
of Raw Materials 

The entire encapsulation
process relating to the encapsulation of the cells for the oncology and diabetes-based therapies we are developing is to be carried out
by Austrianova. Austrianova is the sole source of our product candidates. Austrianova is responsible for acquiring all of the necessary
raw materials used in this process, including the cellulose sulfate necessary for encapsulating the live cells, a process proprietary
to Austrianova. Austrianova from time to time has experienced significant supply chain delays, and we believe Austrinova may also be experiencing
liquidity issues as well. If Austrianova is unwilling or unable to perform such manufacturing for us, we may not be able to locate a replacement
manufacturer for our product candidates. 

Patents, Intellectual Property and Trade Secrets 

Intellectual property and patent protection are
of paramount importance to our business, as are the trade secrets and other strategies we have employed with Austrianova to protect the
proprietary Cell-in-a-Box technology. Although we believe we take reasonable measures to protect our intellectual property and trade
secrets and those of Austrianova, we cannot guarantee we will be able to protect and enforce our IP or obtain patent protection for our
product candidates as needed. We license technology and trademarks relating to three areas: (i) live cell encapsulation with cells that
express cytochrome P450 where the capsule is permeable to prodrug molecules and the cells are retained within the capsules; (ii) treatment
of solid cancerous tumors and (ii) encapsulation of cells for producing retroviral particles for gene therapy. We also have exclusive
licensing rights to patents, trademarks and know-how using Cell-in-a-Box technology in the diabetes field and in the treatment of
diseases and related conditions using cannabinoids. 

Litigation may be required to protect our product
candidates, intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Establishment, maintenance
and enforcement of our intellectual property utilizes financial and operational resources. In addition, the possibility exists that our
intellectual property could be discovered to be owned by others, be invalid or be unenforceable potentially bringing unforeseen
challenges to us. 

Human Capital 

As of April 30, 2023, we had two full-time employees
and several consultants who devote substantial time to us. The consultants are physicians, scientists, regulatory experts, clinical operation
experts and cGMP experts. All of our research and development R D work is handled by our consultants. 

14 

Reverse Stock Split 

Effective July 12, 2021, we filed a Certificate
of Change with the Nevada Secretary of State that authorized a 1:1500 reverse stock split of our common stock. The reverse stock split
resulted in reducing the authorized number of shares of our common stock from 50 billion to 33,333,334 with a par value of 0.0001 per
share. Any fractional shares resulting from the reverse stock split were rounded up to the next whole share. All warrants, option, share
and per share information in this Quarterly Report gives retroactive effect to such 1:1500 reverse stock split. 

Our Corporate Information 

We are a Nevada corporation incorporated in 1996.
In 2013, we restructured our operations to focus on biotechnology. The restructuring resulted in us focusing our efforts developing a
novel, effective and safe way to treat cancer and diabetes. In January 2015, we changed our name from Nuvilex, Inc. to PharmaCyte Biotech,
Inc. to reflect the nature of our current business. 

Our corporate headquarters are located at 3960
Howard Hughes Parkway, Suite 500, Las Vegas, Nevada 89169. Our telephone number is (917) 595-2850. We maintain a website at www.pharmacyte.com 
to which we post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the SEC are available free
of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information
contained in our website is not a part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Report or our other filings with the SEC, and should
not be relied upon. 

Government Regulation and Product Approval 

As a development-stage biotechnology company that
operates in the U.S., we are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other federal, state, and local regulatory agencies. The federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and its implementing regulations set forth, among other things, requirements for the
research, testing, development, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, approval, labeling, storage, record keeping, reporting,
distribution, import, export, advertising, promotion, marketing and sale of our product candidates. Although the discussion below focuses
on regulation in the U.S., we anticipate seeking approval for, and marketing of, our product candidates in other countries. Our activities
in other countries will also be the subject of extensive regulation, although there can be important differences with the U.S. The process
of obtaining regulatory marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes
and regulations will require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources and may not be successful. 

Regulatory approval, when obtained, may be limited
in scope which may significantly limit the uses for which a product may be placed in the market. Further, approved drugs or biologic products,
as well as their manufacturers, are subject to ongoing post-marketing review, inspection and discovery of previously unknown issues regarding
the safety and efficacy of such products or the manufacturing or quality control procedures used in their production. These may result
in restrictions on their manufacture, sale or use or in their withdrawal from the market. Any failure or delay by us, our suppliers of
manufactured drug product, collaborators or licensees in obtaining regulatory approvals could adversely affect the marketing of our product
candidates and our ability to receive product revenue, license revenue or profit-sharing payments. For more information, see Item 1A.
 Risk Factors. 

15 

U.S. Government Regulation 

The FDA is the main regulatory body that controls
pharmaceuticals and biologics in the U.S. Its regulatory authority is based in the FDCA and the Public Health Service Act. Pharmaceutical
products and biologics are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. A failure to comply with any requirements
during the product development, approval, or post-approval periods, may lead to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions
could include the imposition by the FDA or by an Institutional Review Board IRB of a hold on clinical trials, refusal
to approve pending marketing applications or supplements, withdrawal of approval, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures,
total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. 

The steps required before a new drug or biologic
may be marketed in the U.S. generally include: 

completion of preclinical studies and formulation
studies in compliance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practices GLP ), protocols and regulations; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection
of the manufacturing facilities at which the investigational product candidate is produced to assess compliance with cGMP and proof that
the facilities, methods and controls are adequate; 

submission to the FDA of an IND to support human
clinical testing in the U.S.; 

approval by an IRB at each clinical site before
a trial may be initiated at that site; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical
trials in accordance with federal regulations and with Good Clinical Practices GCP to establish the safety and efficacy
of the investigational product candidate for each target indication; 

Submission to the FDA of a New Drug Application NDA or a drug or Biologics License Application BLA for a biologic such as the therapies we are developing; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee
review, if applicable; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA. 

Clinical Development 

Before a drug or biologic product may be given
to humans, it must undergo preclinical testing. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of a product candidate s chemical
and biological activities and animal studies to assess potential safety and efficacy in humans. The results of these studies must be submitted
to the FDA as part of an IND which must be reviewed by the FDA for safety and other considerations before testing can begin in humans. 

An IND is a request for authorization from the
FDA to administer an investigational product candidate to humans. This authorization is required before interstate shipping and administration
can commence of any new drug or biologic product destined for use in humans in the U.S. A 30-day waiting period after the submission of
each IND is required before commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has neither commented on nor questioned the IND within
this 30-day period after submission of the IND, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. A clinical trial involves the administration
of the investigational product candidate to patients under the supervision of qualified investigators following GCP standards. These international
standards are meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and
monitors. A clinical trial is conducted under protocols that detail the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the efficacy criteria
to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part
of the IND. 

16 

The product candidates in our pipeline are at
various stages of preclinical development. The path to regulatory approval includes three phases of clinical trials in which we collect
data to support an application to regulatory agencies to allow us to ultimately market a product for treatment of a specified disease.
There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in research and development of new products, and these can conceivably result in
a high rate of failure. To bring a drug or biologic from the discovery phase to regulatory approval, and ultimately to market, takes years
and the costs to do so are significant. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including after the product is approved, based
on post-marketing factors. New product candidates that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market or may have only limited
commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, limited scope of approved
uses, reimbursement challenges, difficulty or excessive costs of manufacture, alternative therapies or infringement of the patents or
intellectual property rights of others. Uncertainties in the approval process of the regulatory agencies can result in delays in product
launches and lost market opportunities. Consequently, it is exceedingly difficult to predict which products will ultimately be submitted
for approval, which have the highest likelihood of obtaining approval and which will be commercially viable and generate profits. Successful
results in preclinical or clinical studies may not be an accurate predictor of the ultimate safety or effectiveness of a product candidate. 

Phase 1 Clinical Trial : A Phase 1 clinical
trial begins when a regulatory agency, such as the FDA, allows initiation of the clinical investigation of a new product candidate. The
clinical trial studies a product candidate s safety profile and may include a preliminary determination of a product candidate s
safe dosage range. The Phase 1 clinical trial can also determine how a drug is absorbed, distributed, metabolized and excreted by the
body and, therefore, the potential duration of its action. 

Phase 2 Clinical Trial : A Phase 2 clinical
trial is conducted on a limited number of patients; these patients can have a specific targeted disease. An initial evaluation of the
product candidate s effectiveness on patients is performed. Additional information on the product candidate s safety and dosage
range is obtained. For many diseases, a Phase 2 clinical trial can include up to several hundred patients. 

Phase 3 Clinical Trial : A Phase 3 clinical
trial is typically rigorously controlled, conducted in multiple centers and involves a larger target patient population that can consist
of from several hundred to thousands of patients (depending on the disease being studied) to ensure that study results are statistically
significant. During a Phase 3 clinical trial, physicians monitor patients to determine efficacy and to gather further information on safety.
A Phase 3 clinical trial is designed to generate all the clinical data necessary to apply for marketing approval to a regulatory agency. 

The decision to terminate development of an investigational
product candidate may be made by either a health authority body, such as the FDA, by IRB/ethics committees, or by the sponsor for various
reasons. The FDA may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it
believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to
the patients enrolled in the trial. In some cases, a clinical trial is overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized
by the trial sponsor, or the clinical monitoring board. This group provides authorization for whether a trial may move forward at designated
checkpoints. These decisions are based on the limited access to data from the ongoing trial. The suspension or termination of development
can occur during any phase of a clinical trial if it is determined that the patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk.
There are also requirements for the registration of an ongoing clinical trial of a product candidate on public registries and the disclosure
of certain information pertaining to the trial, as well as clinical trial results after completion. 

A sponsor may be able to request a special protocol
assessment SPA ), the purpose of which is to reach agreement with the FDA on the Phase 3 clinical trial protocol design
and analysis that will form the primary basis of an efficacy claim. A sponsor meeting the regulatory criteria may make a specific request
for a SPA and provide information regarding the design and size of the proposed clinical trial. A SPA request must be made before the
proposed trial begins. All open issues must be resolved before the trial begins. If a written agreement is reached, it will be documented
and made part of the record. The agreement will be binding on the FDA and may not be changed by the sponsor or the FDA after the trial
begins, except with the written agreement of the sponsor and the FDA or if the FDA determines that a substantial scientific issue essential
to determining the safety or efficacy of the product candidate was identified after the testing began. A SPA is not binding if new circumstances
arise, and there is no guarantee that a study will ultimately be adequate to support an approval even if the study is subject to a SPA.
Having a SPA does not guarantee that a product candidate will receive FDA approval. 

17 

Assuming successful completion of all required
testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, detailed investigational product candidate information is submitted
to the FDA in the form of an NDA or BLA to request regulatory approval for the product in the specified indication. 

New Drug Applications and Biologic Licensing
Applications 

To obtain approval to market a drug or biologic
in the U.S., a marketing application must be submitted to the FDA that provides data establishing the safety and effectiveness of the
product candidate for the proposed indication. The application includes all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical studies
and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating
to the product s chemistry, manufacturing and controls, as well as the proposed labeling for the product, among other things. Data
can come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a product, or from several alternative
sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality
and quantity to establish the safety and effectiveness of the investigational product candidate to the satisfaction of the FDA. 

In most cases, the NDA, in the case of a drug,
or BLA, in the case of a biologic, must be accompanied by a substantial user fee. There may be some instances in which the user fee is
waived. The FDA will initially review the NDA or BLA for completeness before it accepts the application for filing. The FDA has 60 days
from its receipt of an NDA or BLA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s threshold
determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. After the NDA or BLA submission is accepted for filing, the
FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of NDAs and BLAs. During a normal review
cycle, a product is given an FDA action or Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA date within 12 months of the submission
if the submission is accepted. The FDA can extend this review by three months to consider certain late-submitted information or information
intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. The FDA reviews the NDA or BLA to determine, among other things, whether
the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP
standards. The FDA may refer applications for novel product candidates which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory
committee. This is typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether
the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but
it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 

Before approving an NDA or a BLA, the FDA will
inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product candidate unless it determines that
the manufacturing processes and facilities follow cGMP requirements and are adequate to assure consistent production of the product within
required specifications. Manufacturers of human cellular or tissue-based biologics also must comply with the FDA s Good Tissue Practices GTP ), as applicable, and with the general biological product standards. After the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and the
sponsor company s manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response
letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information for the FDA
to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of
the NDA or BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA
ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 

The time to final marketing approval can vary
from months to years, depending on several variables. These variables can include such things as the disease type, the strength and complexity
of the data presented, the novelty of the target or compound, risk-management approval and whether multiple rounds of review are required
for the agency to evaluate the submission. After evaluating the NDA or BLA and all related information, including the advisory committee
recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval
letter, or, in some cases, a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally contains a statement of specific conditions
that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA or BLA and may require additional clinical or preclinical testing in order
for FDA to reconsider the application. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application
does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If and when those conditions have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the
FDA will typically issue an approval letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug or biologic with specific
prescribing information, which may include contraindications, warnings or precautions, for certain indications. After approval, some types
of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements
and FDA review and approval. 

18 

Post Approval Regulations 

After regulatory approval of a drug or biologic
is obtained, a company is required to comply with certain post-approval requirements. For example, as a condition of approval of an NDA
or BLA, the FDA may require post-marketing testing, including a Phase 4 clinical trial and surveillance to further assess and monitor
the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization has begun. Also, as a holder of an approved NDA or BLA, a company
is required to: (i) report adverse reactions and production problems to the FDA; (ii) provide updated safety and efficacy information;
and (iii) comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling for any of its products. Also, quality control and
manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to cGMP standards after approval to assure and preserve the long-term stability of the
drug or biological product. The FDA periodically inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMP standards, which imposes
extensive procedural and substantive record keeping requirements. Also, changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and,
depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. In addition, FDA regulations require
investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP standards and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon a company
and any third-party manufacturers that a company may decide to use. Manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in production
and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP standards and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 

Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information 

A sponsor of a clinical trial of certain FDA-regulated
products, including prescription drugs and biologics, is required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information on a public
website. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigator involved, and other
aspects of the clinical trial are made public as part of the registration. A sponsor is also obligated to disclose the results of a clinical
trial after completion. Disclosure of the results can be delayed until the product or new indication being studied has been approved.
Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the design and progress of our development programs. 

Advertising and Promotion 

The FDA and other federal regulatory agencies
tightly regulate the marketing and promotion of drugs and biologics through, among other things, standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer
advertising, communications regarding unapproved uses, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities
involving the internet. A product cannot be commercially promoted before it is approved. After approval, product promotion can include
only those claims relating to safety and effectiveness that are consistent with the labeling approved by the FDA. Healthcare providers
are permitted to prescribe drugs or biologics for off-label uses (uses not approved by the FDA and therefore not described
in the drug s labeling) because the FDA does not regulate the practice of medicine. However, FDA regulations impose stringent restrictions
on manufacturers communications regarding off label uses. Broadly speaking, a manufacturer may not promote a product for off-label
use, but may engage in non-promotional, balanced communication regarding off-label use under specified conditions. Failure to comply with
applicable FDA requirements and restrictions in this area may subject a company to adverse publicity and enforcement action by the FDA,
the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ ), the Office of the Inspector General of Health Human Services HHS and state authorities. This could subject a company to a range of penalties that could have a significant commercial impact, including
civil and criminal fines and/or agreements that materially restrict the manner in which a company promotes or distributes drug and biologics. 

U.S. Patent Extension and Marketing Exclusivity 

The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation
Act BPCIA amended the PHSA to authorize the FDA to approve similar versions of innovative biologics, commonly known as
biosimilars. A competitor seeking approval of a biosimilar must file an application to establish its product as highly like an approved
innovator biologic, among other requirements. The BPCIA bars the FDA from approving biosimilar applications for 12 years after an innovator
biological product receives initial marketing approval. 

19 

Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics
of the FDA approval of the use of our product candidates, some of our U.S. patents, if granted, may be eligible for limited patent term
extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 Hatch-Waxman Act ). The Hatch-Waxman
Act permits a patent extension term of up to five years, as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory
review process. However, patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s
approval date. The length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug, biologic or medical device is under
regulatory review. It is calculated as half of the testing phase (the time between the IND submission becoming effective and the NDA,
BLA or premarket approval PMA submission) and all the review phase (the time between NDA, BLA or PMA submission and approval)
up to a maximum extension of five years. The time can be shortened if the FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with
due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension, and the application for the extension
must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), in consultation with
the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign
jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug, biologic or medical device. In the future, if any of our product
candidates receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extension on patents covering those products that may be eligible
for such patent term restoration. 

Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or
indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity to assist
the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the U.S.
to comply with accounting provisions requiring such companies to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions
of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls
for international operations. In Europe, and throughout the world, other countries have enacted anti-bribery laws and/or regulations similar
to the FCPA. 

European and Other International Government
Regulation 

In addition to regulations in the U.S., we will
be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales
and distribution of our product candidates. There is no guarantee that a potential treatment will receive marketing approval or that decisions
on marketing approvals or treatment indications will be consistent across geographic areas. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for
a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical
trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Some countries outside of the U.S. have a similar process to that of the FDA in
that such countries require the submission of a clinical trial application CTA much like the IND prior to the commencement
of human clinical trials. In Europe, for example, a CTA must typically be submitted to each country s national health authority
and an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and an IRB. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with a country s requirements,
a clinical trial may proceed in that particular country. In the EEA, the EU Clinical Trial Regulation CTR enables sponsors
since 31 January 2022 to submit one CTA via a single online platform, the Clinical Trials Information System (CTIS), to obtain approval
for a clinical trial in several EEA countries. 

To obtain regulatory approval to commercialize
a new drug or biologic under the European Union regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application MAA with the European Medicines Agency, or EMA , the EEA authority in charge of medicinal products, or with a national drug approval
authority. National and European Union marketing authorization procedures are similar to FDA approval procedures. 

While the requirements governing the conduct of
clinical trials are broadly harmonized across the EEA, in particular due to the CTR, the regulatory regimes applicable to pricing and
reimbursement vary from country to country. Internationally, clinical trials are generally required to be conducted in accordance with
GCP standards, applicable regulatory requirements of each jurisdiction and the medical ethics principles that have their origin in the
Declaration of Helsinki. 

20 

Orphan Drug Status 

In accordance with laws and regulations pertaining
to regulatory agencies, a sponsor may request that the regulatory agencies designate a drug or biologic intended to treat a Rare
Disease or Condition as an Orphan Drug. For example, in the U.S., a Rare Disease or Condition is defined
as one which affects less than 200,000 people in the U.S., or which affects more than 200,000 people but for which the cost of developing
and making available the product is not expected to be recovered from sales of the product in the U.S. Upon the approval of the first
NDA or BLA for a drug or biologic designated as an Orphan Drug for a specified indication, the sponsor of that NDA or BLA is entitled
to 7 years of exclusive marketing rights in the U.S. for the drug or biologic for the particular indication unless the sponsor cannot
assure the availability of sufficient quantities to meet the needs of persons with the disease. In Europe, this exclusivity is 10 years.
However, Orphan Drug status for an approved indication does not prevent another company from seeking approval of a drug that has other
labeled indications that are not under orphan or other exclusivities. An Orphan Drug may also be eligible for federal income tax credits
for costs associated with the disease state, the strength and complexity of the data presented, the novelty of the target or compound,
the risk-management approval and whether multiple rounds of review are required for the agency to evaluate the submission. There is no
guarantee that a potential treatment will receive marketing approval or that decisions on marketing approvals or treatment indications
will be consistent across geographic areas. Our product candidate for pancreatic cancer received Orphan Drug status in the U.S. and European
Union. Unlike the U.S., in the European Union, to benefit from market exclusivity, a medicine must maintain its orphan designation at
the time of marketing authorization in addition to when the designation is applied. 

Special FDA Expedited Review and Approval Programs 

The FDA has various programs, including fast track
designation, accelerated approval, priority review, and breakthrough therapy designation, which are intended to expedite or simplify the
process for the development and FDA review of drugs or biologics that are intended for the treatment of serious or life-threatening diseases
or conditions and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs. The purpose of these programs is to provide important new
drugs or biologics to patients earlier than under standard FDA review procedures. 

To be eligible for a fast-track designation, the
FDA must determine, based on the request of a sponsor, that a product is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition
and demonstrates the potential to address an unmet medical need. The FDA will determine that a product will fill an unmet medical need
if it will provide a therapy where none exists or provide a therapy that may be potentially superior to existing therapy based on efficacy
or safety factors. The FDA may review sections of the NDA or BLA for a fast-track product on a rolling basis before the complete application
is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the NDA or BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections
of the NDA or BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first
section of the NDA or BLA. 

The FDA may give a priority review designation
to drugs that offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. A priority review means that
the goal for the FDA to review an application is six months, rather than the standard review of ten months under current PDUFA guidelines.
Under the new PDUFA agreement, these six and ten-month review periods are measured from the filing date rather than the
receipt date for NDAs for new molecular entities, which typically adds approximately two months to the timeline for review and decision
from the date of submission. Most products that are eligible for fast-track designation are also likely to be considered appropriate to
receive a priority review. 

21 

In addition, products tested for their safety
and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments
may be eligible for accelerated approval and may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials establishing
that the drug product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint
that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible
morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability
or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval
to perform post-marketing studies to verify and describe the predicted effect on IMM or other clinical endpoint, and the drug may be subject
to accelerated withdrawal procedures. 

Moreover, under the provisions of the Food and
Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, passed in July 2012, a sponsor can request designation of a product candidate
as a breakthrough therapy. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one
or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the
drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial
treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies are also eligible for accelerated
approval. The FDA must take certain actions, such as holding timely meetings and providing advice, intended to expedite the development
and review of an application for approval of a breakthrough therapy. 

Even if a product qualifies for one or more of
these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period
for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. We may explore some of these opportunities for our product candidates as appropriate. 

Accelerated Approval Pathway 

The FDA may grant accelerated approval to a drug
for a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over existing treatments based
upon a determination that the drug or biologic has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit.
The FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such a condition when the product has an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint that
can be measured earlier than an effect on IMM, and that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, considering
the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Drugs granted accelerated
approval must meet the same statutory standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional approval. 

For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate
endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical sign or other measure that is thought to predict
clinical benefit but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly
than clinical endpoints. An intermediate clinical endpoint is a measurement of a therapeutic effect that is considered reasonably likely
to predict the clinical benefit of a drug, such as an effect on IMM. The FDA has limited experience with accelerated approvals based on
intermediate clinical endpoints but has indicated that such endpoints generally may support accelerated approval where the therapeutic
effect measured by the endpoint is not itself a clinical benefit and basis for traditional approval, if there is a basis for concluding
that the therapeutic effect is reasonably likely to predict the ultimate clinical benefit of a drug. 

The accelerated approval pathway is most often
used in settings in which the course of a disease is long, and an extended period of time is required to measure the intended clinical
benefit of a drug, even if the effect on the surrogate or intermediate clinical endpoint occurs rapidly. Thus, accelerated approval has
been used extensively in the development and approval of drugs for treatment of a variety of cancers in which the goal of therapy is generally
to improve survival or decrease morbidity and the duration of the typical disease course requires lengthy and sometimes large trials to
demonstrate a clinical or survival benefit. 

22 

The accelerated approval pathway is usually contingent
on a sponsor s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe
the drug s clinical benefit. As a result, a drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance
requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure
to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, would allow the FDA to withdraw
the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for drug candidates approved under accelerated regulations are
subject to prior review by the FDA. 

Under a centralized procedure in the European
Union, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of a MAA is 210 days (excluding clock stops, when additional written or
oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use CHMP )). Accelerated evaluation might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, for example, when a medicinal product
is expected to be of a major public health interest, which takes into consideration: (i) the seriousness of the disease (e.g., heavy disabling
or life-threatening diseases) to be treated; (ii) the absence or insufficiency of an appropriate alternative therapeutic approach; and
(iii) anticipation of high therapeutic benefit. In this circumstance, the EMA ensures that the opinion of the CHMP is given within 150
days. 

Healthcare Reform 

The United States and many foreign jurisdictions
have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system. The United States government, state legislatures
and foreign governments also have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid
healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded
prescription drugs. 

At the state level, legislatures have increasingly
passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement
constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases,
designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We expect that additional federal, state and foreign healthcare
reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare
products and services, which could result in limited coverage and reimbursement and reduced demand for our products, once approved, or
additional pricing pressures. Coverage and Reimbursement Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status
of any drug products for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the U.S. and markets in other countries, sales of any products for which
we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party
payors include government health administrative authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations.
The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a drug product may be separate from the process for setting the
price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the drug product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drug products
on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all the FDA-approved drugs for a certain indication. Third-party payors are
increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition
to their safety and efficacy. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness
of our product candidates, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA approvals. Our product candidates, if approved, may not be
considered medically necessary or cost-effective. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that
an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price
levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 

23 

Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist
in other countries. In the European Union governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement
rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions
operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed upon.
To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness
of a product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but
monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become
more intense. 

The marketability of any product for which we
receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage
and reimbursement. Also, an increasing emphasis on managed care in the U.S. has increased and will continue to increase the pressure on
pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement
status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement
rates may be implemented in the future. 

Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 

In the U.S., our activities are potentially subject
to additional regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including the CMS, other divisions of
the HHS and its Office of Inspector General, the Office for Civil Rights that has jurisdiction over matters relating to individuals 
privacy and protected health information, the DOJ, individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ and state and local governments. 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among
other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce or
in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable
under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare program. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted broadly to proscribe
arrangements and conduct where only one purpose of the remuneration between the parties was to induce or reward referrals. The term remuneration
has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical
manufacturers, on one hand, and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. Although there are several statutory exemptions
and regulatory safe harbors protecting some business arrangements from prosecution, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly
and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they
do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Our practices may not in all cases meet all the criteria for safe harbor protection from
federal Anti-Kickback Statute liability. Failure to meet all the requirements of an applicable safe harbor or statutory exemption, however,
does not make the arrangement or conduct per se unlawful under the Anti-Kickback Statute; instead, in such cases, the legality
of the arrangement would be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a consideration of all the facts and circumstances to ascertain
the parties intent. Moreover, the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Affordable Care Act to a stricter
standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have
committed a violation. 

In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified
case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false
or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act, as discussed below. The federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law imposes
penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to
a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or
fraudulent. 

24 

The federal False Claims Act prohibits any person
from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government or knowingly making, using
or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. Through a
modification made to the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or
property presented to the U.S. government. Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly
providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies
have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved and
thus non-reimbursable uses. 

The Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 HIPAA created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing a scheme
to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or
covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment
for healthcare benefits, items or services. Also, many states have additional similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply
to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the type of payor. 

In addition, we may be subject to data privacy
and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health
Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH and its implementing regulations, imposes requirements
relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s
privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, such as independent contractors or agents of
covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also
increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons.
It also gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal
HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing these actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy
and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have
the same effect thus complicating compliance efforts. 

We may be subject to other state and federal privacy
laws, including laws that prohibit unfair privacy and security practices and deceptive statements about privacy and security, laws that
place specific requirements on certain types of activities, such as data security and texting, and laws requiring holders of personal
information to maintain safeguards and to take certain actions in response to a data breach. EEA countries, the United Kingdom, Switzerland
and other jurisdictions have also adopted data protection laws and regulations, which impose significant compliance obligations. 

In the EEA, the collection and use of personal
data, including clinical trial data, is governed by the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ). The
GDPR became effective on May 25, 2018, repealing its predecessor directive and increasing responsibility and liability of pharmaceutical
and medical device companies in relation to the processing of personal data of EU data subjects. The GDPR, together with national legislation,
regulations and guidelines of the EU member states governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions
on the ability to collect, use and transfer personal data, including health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting. In
particular, these obligations and restrictions concern the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information
provided to the individuals, the transfer of personal data out of the EEA, security breach notifications, security and confidentiality
of the personal data and imposition of substantial potential fines for breaches of the data protection obligations. The United Kingdom
has retained the GDPR following Brexit and supplemented it by the UK Data Protection Act 2018 UK GDPR ). National or local
data protection laws or regulations may apply in addition to the (UK) GDPR. Furthermore, European data protection authorities may interpret
the (UK) GDPR and national or local laws differently, and they may impose additional requirements, which add to the complexity of processing
personal data in or from the EEA or United Kingdom. Guidance on implementation and compliance practices are often updated or otherwise
revised. 

25 

The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act under
the Affordable Care Act and its implementing regulations also require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical
supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with certain exceptions,
to report information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians, certain other health
care professionals, and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, the physicians,
health care professionals, and teaching hospitals. It also requires reporting annually certain ownership and investment interests held
by physicians and their immediate family members and payments or other transfers of value made to such physician owners.
Failure to submit timely, accurately and completely the required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to, as adjusted
in 2021, an aggregate of 189,692 per year and up to an aggregate of 1,264,622 million per year for knowing failures . Manufacturers
were required to begin collecting data on August 1, 2013, and submit reports on aggregate payment data to the government for the first
reporting period of August 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013, by March 31, 2014. They are also required to report detailed payment data for
the first reporting period and submit legal attestation to the accuracy of such data by June 30, 2014. Thereafter, manufacturers must
submit reports by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year. CMS made all reported data publicly available starting on September 30,
2014. Certain states also mandate implementation of compliance programs, impose additional restrictions on pharmaceutical manufacturer
marketing practices and/ or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to healthcare providers and
entities. 

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness
of available statutory and regulatory exemptions, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under
one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state laws described above or any other
governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties. These include criminal and civil monetary penalties, damages,
fines, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government programs, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial
suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of pre-marketing product approvals, private qui tam actions brought by individual
whistleblowers in the name of the government or refusal to allow us to enter supply contracts and the curtailment or restructuring of
our operations. Any of these could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. To the extent any
of our products are sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws and regulations, which may include, for instance,
applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws, and implementation of corporate compliance
programs and reporting of payments or transfers of value to healthcare professionals. 

Controlled Substances Regulation 

Our product candidates involving Cannabis 
contain controlled substances, as defined in the federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970 CSA ). The CSA and its implementing
regulations establish a closed system of regulations for controlled substances. The CSA imposes registration, security,
recordkeeping and reporting, storage, manufacturing, distribution, importation and other requirements under the oversight of the U.S.
Drug Enforcement Administration DEA ). The DEA is the federal agency responsible for regulating controlled substances. It
requires those individuals or entities that manufacture, import, export, distribute, research, or dispense controlled substances to comply
with the regulatory requirements to prevent the diversion of controlled substances to illicit channels of commerce. The DEA categorizes
controlled substances into one of five schedules Schedule I, II, III, IV or V with varying qualifications for listing in each
schedule. Although cannabis is legal in the State of North Carolina, we had to obtain a Schedule I license for our research with our research
university partner (University of Northern Colorado) that relies on federal grants. Schedule I substances have a high potential for abuse,
have no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the U.S. and lack accepted safety for use under medical supervision. They may be
used only in federally approved research programs and may not be marketed or sold for dispensing to patients in the U.S. Pharmaceutical
products having a currently accepted medical use that are otherwise approved for marketing may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V
substances, with Schedule I substances presenting the highest potential for abuse and physical or psychological dependence. Schedule V
substances present the lowest relative potential for abuse and dependence. The regulatory requirements are more restrictive for Schedule
II substances than Schedule III substances. For example, all Schedule II drug prescriptions must be signed by a physician, physically
presented to a pharmacist in most situations and cannot be refilled. Following FDA approval of a drug containing a Schedule I controlled
substance, that substance must be rescheduled as a Schedule II, III, IV or V substance before it can be marketed. On November 17, 2015,
H.R. 639, Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act, passed through both houses of Congress. On November 25, 2015,
the bill was signed into law. The law removes uncertainty associated with timing of the DEA rescheduling process after FDA approval. Specifically,
it requires DEA to issue an interim final rule, pursuant to which a manufacturer may market its product within 90 days of
FDA approval. The law also preserves the period of orphan marketing exclusivity for the full seven years such that this period only begins
after DEA scheduling. This contrasts with the previous situation whereby the orphan clock began to tick upon FDA approval,
even though the product could not be marketed until DEA scheduling was complete. 

26 

Facilities that manufacture, distribute, import
or export any controlled substance must register annually with the DEA. The DEA registration is specific to the location, activity and
controlled substance schedule. For example, separate registrations are required for importation and manufacturing activities, and each
registration authorizes which schedules of controlled substances the registrant may handle. However, certain coincident activities are
permitted without obtaining a separate DEA registration, such as distribution of controlled substances by the manufacturer that produces
them. 

The DEA inspects all manufacturing facilities
to review security, recordkeeping, reporting and handling prior to issuing a controlled substance registration. The specific security
requirements vary by the type of business activity and the schedule and quantity of controlled substances handled. The most stringent
requirements apply to manufacturers of Schedule I and Schedule II substances. Required security measures commonly include background checks
on employees and physical control of controlled substances through storage in approved vaults, safes and cages, and through use of alarm
systems and surveillance cameras. An application for a manufacturing registration as a bulk manufacturer for a Schedule I or II substance
must be published in the Federal Register and is open for 30 days to permit interested persons to submit comments, objections or requests
for a hearing. A copy of the notice of the Federal Register publication is forwarded by DEA to all those registered, or applicants for
registration, as bulk manufacturers of that substance. 

Once registered, manufacturing facilities must
maintain records documenting the manufacture, receipt and distribution of all controlled substances. Manufacturers must submit periodic
reports to the DEA of the distribution of Schedule I and II controlled substances, Schedule III narcotic substances and other designated
substances. Registrants must also report any controlled substance thefts or significant losses and must obtain authorization to destroy
or dispose of controlled substances. As with applications for registration as a bulk manufacturer, an application for an importer registration
for a Schedule I or II substance must also be published in the Federal Register, which remains open for 30 days for comments. Imports
of Schedule I and II controlled substances for commercial purposes are generally restricted to substances not already available from a
domestic supplier or where there is not adequate competition among domestic suppliers. In addition to an importer or exporter registration,
importers and exporters must obtain a permit for every import or export of a Schedule I and II substance or Schedule III, IV and V narcotic,
and submit import or export declarations for Schedule III, IV and V non-narcotics. In some cases, Schedule III non-narcotic substances
may be subject to the import/export permit requirement, if necessary, to ensure that the U.S. complies with its obligations under international
drug control treaties. 

For drugs manufactured in the U.S., the DEA establishes
annually an aggregate quota for substances within Schedules I and II that may be manufactured or produced in the U.S. based on the DEA s
estimate of the quantity needed to meet legitimate medical, scientific research and industrial needs. This limited aggregate amount of
 Cannabis that the DEA allows to be produced in the U.S. each year is allocated among individual companies, which, in turn, must
annually apply to the DEA for individual manufacturing and procurement quotas. The quotas apply equally to the manufacturing of the active
pharmaceutical ingredient and production of dosage forms. The DEA may adjust aggregate production quotas and individual manufacturing
or procurement quotas from time to time during the year, although the DEA has substantial discretion in whether to make such adjustments
for individual companies. 

The states also maintain separate controlled substance
laws and regulations, including licensing, recordkeeping, security, distribution and dispensing requirements. State authorities, including
boards of pharmacy, regulate use of controlled substances in each state. Failure to maintain compliance with applicable requirements,
particularly as manifested in the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can result in enforcement action that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations,
or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal prosecution. 

27 

Smaller Reporting
Company 

We qualify as a smaller reporting company in accordance
with Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, and have elected to follow certain of the scaled back disclosure accommodations within this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Financial Information Concerning Geographic
Areas 

We had no revenues in the fiscal years ended April
30, 2023, and 2022, including no revenues from foreign countries. We have long-lived assets, other than financial instruments, located
in the following geographical areas: 

FY 2023 
 FY 2022 
 
 United States: 
 5,129,308 
 5,129,308 
 
 All foreign countries, in total: 
 0 
 0 

We operate globally and are attempting to develop
products in multiple countries. Consequently, we face complex legal and regulatory requirements in multiple jurisdictions, which may expose
us to certain financial and other risks. International operations are subject to a variety of risks, including: 

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

greater difficulty in overseeing foreign operations; 

logistical and communications challenges; 

potential adverse changes in laws and regulatory practices, including export license requirements, trade barriers, tariffs and tax laws; 

burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; 

political and economic instability; 

increases in duties and taxation; 

foreign tax laws and potential increased costs associated with overlapping tax structures; 

greater difficulty in protecting intellectual property; 

the risk of third-party disputes over ownership of intellectual property and infringement of third-party intellectual property by our product candidates; 

risks resulting from our extensive supply chain exposure to Asia; and 

general social, economic and political conditions in these foreign markets. 

We are dependent on business relationships with
parties in multiple countries, as disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties. 

Our Corporate Information 

We are a Nevada corporation incorporated in 1996.
In 2013, we restructured our operations to focus on biotechnology. The restructuring resulted in us focusing our efforts developing a
novel, effective and safe way to treat cancer and diabetes. In January 2015, we changed our name from Nuvilex, Inc. to PharmaCyte Biotech,
Inc. to reflect the nature of our current business. 

Our corporate headquarters are located at 3960
Howard Hughes Parkway, Suite 500, Las Vegas, Nevada 89169. Our telephone number is (917) 595-2850. We maintain a website at www.pharmacyte.com 
to which we post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the SEC are available free
of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information
contained in our website is not a part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Report or our other filings with the SEC, and should
not be relied upon. 

28 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You should carefully consider these factors
that may affect future results, together with all the other information included in this Report in evaluating our business. The risks
and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our business and results of operations. Additional
risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our
business and results of operations. Our shares of common stock involve a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by investors
who can afford a loss of their entire investment. Prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors concerning
our business before making an investment. 

In addition, you should carefully consider
these risks when you read forward-looking statements elsewhere in this Report. These are statements that relate to our expectations
for future events and time periods. Generally, the words anticipate, expect, intend, and similar
expressions identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and future events and circumstances
could differ significantly from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. 

Forward-Looking Statements and Associated Risks 

We operate in a competitive and rapidly changing
environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact
of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements in this Report are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable.
However, due to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim
any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Summary of Risks Associated with Our Business 

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you
should consider before investing in our company. These risks are described in more detail in the section titled Risk Factors 
in Item 1A of this Report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We are a biotechnology company with limited resources, a limited operating history and no products approved for clinical trials or commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 

As a result of the clinical hold that has been placed on our IND by the FDA, it has taken and may continue to take considerable time and expense to respond to the FDA, and no assurance can be given that the FDA will remove the clinical hold in which case our business and prospects will likely suffer material adverse consequences. 

We contract with Austrianova for the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials, if allowed to proceed, and expect to continue to do so for commercialization. This reliance on Austrianova increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 

29 

Disruptions in the global economy and supply chains may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the financial condition of the third parties on which we rely, including Austrianova. 

The recent and ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has affected and could continue to affect our operations, as well as the business or operations of third parties with whom we conduct business. Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of other future health pandemics in regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant business operations. 

If we are unable to successfully raise sufficient capital, our future clinical trials and product development could be limited, and our long-term viability may be threatened. 

Due to the significant resources required for the development of our programs, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain product candidates. We may expend our limited resources on programs that do not yield a successful product candidate and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

We currently have no commercial revenue and may never become profitable. 

If we are unable to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required approval from the applicable regulatory agencies, we will not be able to commercialize our product candidates and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

If allowed to proceed with our clinical development program, we intend to conduct clinical trials for certain of our product candidates at sites outside of the U.S., and the U.S. regulatory agencies may not accept data from trials conducted in such locations. 

Promising results in previous clinical trials of our encapsulated live cell and ifosfamide combination for advanced pancreatic cancer may not be replicated in future clinical trials which could result in development delays or a failure to obtain marketing approval. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

We rely and expect to continue to rely heavily
 on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies, plan to rely on third parties to conduct our and clinical trials, assuming they are
 allowed to proceed, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of
 such studies and trials. 

Disruptions in the global economy and supply chains may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the financial condition of the third parties on which we rely, including Austrianova. 

You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. 

If we fail to comply with the continuing listing standards on Nasdaq, our securities could be delisted which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

30 

We may experience volatility in our stock price, which may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

A large number of shares may be issued and subsequently sold upon the exercise of existing options and warrants and the conversion of preferred shares. 

We are a smaller reporting company under the SEC s disclosure rules and have elected to comply with the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

As a non-accelerated filer, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position, FDA
Clinical Hold, Need for Additional Capital and Overall Business 

We are a biotechnology company
with limited resources, a limited operating history, and no products approved for clinical trials or commercial sale, which may make it
difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 

We are a biotechnology company focused on developing
cellular therapies for cancer based upon a proprietary cellulose-based live cell encapsulation technology known as Cell-in-a-Box . 
In recent years, we have devoted substantially all our resources to the development of our product candidates for LAPC. We have limited
resources, a limited operating history, no products approved for clinical trials or commercial sale and therefore have not produced any
revenues. We have generated significant operating losses since our inception. Our net losses for the years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022
were approximately 4.3 million and 4.2 million, respectively. As of April 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 116
million. Substantially all our losses have resulted from expenses incurred relating to our research and development programs and from
general and administrative expenses and operating losses associated with our business. 

We expect to continue to incur significant expenses
and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate these losses will increase as we continue our research and development
of, and, if approved by the FDA, commence clinical trials for, our product candidates. In addition to budgeted expenses, we may encounter
unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. 

We have no facilities to conduct fundamental research
and we have performed our research and development activities by collaboration with contract service providers, and contract manufacturers
and by designing and developing research programs in collaboration with university-based experts who work with us to evaluate mechanism(s)
of disease for which we have designed and developed product candidates. We have not maintained a principal laboratory or primary research
facility for the development of our product candidates. 

Biotechnology product development is a highly
uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We have not commenced or completed clinical trials for any of our product
candidates, obtained marketing approval for any product candidates, manufactured a commercial scale product, or arranged for a third party
to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Given the highly
uncertain nature of biotechnology product development, we may never commence or complete clinical trials for any of our product candidates,
obtain marketing approval for any product candidates, manufacture a commercial scale product or arrange for a third party to do so on
our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. 

Our limited operating history as a company makes
any assessment of our future success and viability subject to significant uncertainty. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently
experienced by early-stage biotechnology companies in rapidly evolving fields, and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully
overcome such risks and difficulties. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business, operating results
and financial condition will suffer. 

31 

As a result of the clinical hold that has
been placed on our IND by the FDA, it has taken and may continue to take considerable time and expense to respond to the FDA and no assurance
can be given that the FDA will remove the clinical hold in which case our business and prospects will likely suffer material adverse consequences. 

On October 1, 2020, we received notice from the
FDA that it had placed our IND for a planned clinical trial in LAPC on clinical hold. As part of the clinical hold process, the FDA has
asked for additional information, tasks to be performed by us and new preclinical studies and assays. It has taken and may continue to
take a considerable period of time, the length of which is not certain at this time, for us to conduct such tasks and preclinical studies
and to generate and prepare the requested information. It is possible that the service providers that we will utilize for such work may
have considerable backlogs and/or are suffering from slowdowns as a result of COVID-19 and supply chain disruptions and may not be able
to perform such work for an extended period of time. Even if we are able to fully respond to the FDA s requests, they may subsequently
make additional requests that we would need to fulfill prior to the lifting of the clinical hold and we may never be able to begin our
clinical trial in LAPC, obtain regulatory approval or successfully commercialize our product candidates. An inability to conduct our clinical
trial in LAPC as a result of the clinical hold or otherwise, would likely force us to terminate our clinical development plans. It is
possible that we will be unable to fully respond to the FDA in a satisfactory manner, and as a result the clinical hold may never be lifted.
If the clinical hold is not lifted or if the lifting takes an extended period of time, our business and prospects will likely suffer material
adverse consequences. 

We contract with Austrianova for the manufacture
of our product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials, if allowed to proceed, and expect to continue to do so for commercialization.
This reliance on Austrianova increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or such quantities
at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 

We do not currently own or operate manufacturing
facilities to produce our encapsulated live cell product candidates for cancer, diabetes and malignant ascites. We rely on and expect
to continue to rely on Austrianova to manufacture supplies of our product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials, if allowed
to proceed, as well as for commercial manufacture of our product candidates, and these must be maintained for us to receive marketing
approval for our product candidates. 

Our encapsulated live cell product candidates
must be manufactured through complex, multi-step synthetic processes that are time-consuming and involve special conditions at certain
stages. Biologics and drug substance manufacture requires high potency containment, and containment under aseptic conditions. Any performance
failures on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval of our product candidates.
Moreover, the facilities that produce our Cell-in-a-Box capsules are unique to us and would not be replicable or replaceable
promptly, if at all, if those facilities become unavailable or are damaged or destroyed through an accident, natural disaster, labor disturbance
or otherwise. 

If Austrianova should become unavailable to us
for any reason, we may incur additional cost or delay in identifying or qualifying a replacement manufacturer. At this time, we are unaware
of any available substitute manufacturer other than Austrianova. In addition, while we believe that our existing manufacturer, Austrianova,
can produce our product candidates, if approved, in commercial quantities, we may also need to identify a third-party manufacturer capable
of providing commercial quantities of our product candidates. If we are unable to arrange for such a third-party manufacturing source
or fail to do so on commercially reasonable terms and in a timely manner, we may not be able to successfully produce and market our encapsulated
live cell and ifosfamide product or any other product candidate or may be delayed in doing so. 

Even if we can establish such arrangements with
another third-party manufacturer, reliance on a new third-party manufacturer entails additional risks, including: 

Reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 

The possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 

The possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and 

The possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

32 

A new third-party manufacturer may not be able
to comply with cGMP standards or the requirements of a regulatory agency. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturer,
to comply with these practices or requirements could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including additional clinical holds, fines,
injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates
or products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product
candidates. 

Delays in the cGMP certification of the Austrianova
manufacturing facility in Bangkok, Thailand could affect its ability to manufacture encapsulated live cells on a timely basis and could
adversely affect supplies of our product candidates for clinical trials and to market. 

Our product candidates that we may develop may
compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers
that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing products for us. 

In addition, we expect to rely on Austrianova
to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce our product candidates for our clinical studies, if allowed
to proceed. There are a small number of suppliers for certain equipment and raw materials that are used in the manufacture of our product
candidates. Such suppliers may not sell these raw materials to Austrianova at the times we need them or on commercially reasonable terms.
For example, there is from time to time a limited supply of acceptable cell media for production of our MCB. We do not have any control
over the process or timing of the acquisition of these raw materials by Eurofins or Austrianova. Moreover, we currently do not have any
agreements for the commercial production of these raw materials. Austrianova from time to time has experienced significant supply chain
disruptions, some of which may be related to COVID-19, and we believe it is experiencing liquidity issues. Any further significant delay
in the supply of a product candidate or the raw material components thereof our clinical trials, if allowed to proceed, due to the need
to replace a third-party supplier of these raw materials could considerably delay completion of our clinical studies, product testing
and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates. If Eurofins, Austrianova or we are unable to purchase these raw materials
after regulatory approval has been obtained for our product candidates, the commercial launch of our product candidates would be delayed
or there would be a shortage in supply, which would impair our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our product candidates. 

Our current and anticipated future dependence
upon Austrianova and others for the manufacture of our product candidates may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability
to commercialize any products that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 

Disruptions in the global economy and supply chains may have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the financial condition of the third parties
on which we rely, including Austrianova. 

The disruptions to the global economy in recent
years have impeded global supply chains, resulting in longer lead times and also increased critical component costs and freight expenses.
Austrianova, a third-party supplier on whom we rely, from time to time has experienced significant supply chain disruptions, some of which
may be related to COVID-19, and we believe it may be experiencing liquidity issues. Despite any actions we have undertaken to minimize
the impacts from disruptions to the global economy, there can be no assurances that unforeseen future events in the global supply chain,
inflationary pressures, and delays our third parties face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The recent and ongoing COVID-19
pandemic could materially affect our operations, as well as the business or operations of third parties with whom we conduct business.
Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of other future health pandemics in regions where we or third parties on which
we rely have significant business operations. 

We face the ongoing risk that the coronavirus
pandemic may slow our operations, our preclinical studies or the eventual enrollment of our planned clinical trial. In order to prioritize
patient health and that of the investigators at clinical trial sites, we may need monitor enrollment of patients in our clinical study.
In addition, some patients may be unwilling to enroll in our trials or be unable to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines
or travel restrictions impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. These and other factors outside of our control could
delay our ability to conduct clinical trials or release clinical trial results. In addition, the effects of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic
may also increase non-trial costs such as insurance premiums, increase the demand for and cost of capital, increase loss of work time
from key personnel, and negatively impact our key clinical trial vendors. We cannot guarantee that COVID-19 or any other public health
crisis will not cause delays or impact on our business or proposed clinical trial. 

33 

If we are unable to successfully
raise additional capital, our future clinical trials and product development could be limited, and our long-term viability may be threatened. 

We have experienced negative operating cash flows
since our inception and have funded our operations primarily through sales of our equity securities. We may need to seek additional funds
in the future through equity or debt financings, or strategic alliances with third parties, either alone or in combination with equity
financings to complete our product development initiatives. These financings could result in substantial dilution to the holders of our
common stock or require contractual or other restrictions on our operations or on alternatives that may be available to us. If we raise
additional funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities could impose significant restrictions on our operations. Any such required
financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, and the failure to procure such required financing could have
a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, or threaten our ability to continue as a
going concern. 

Our operating and capital requirements during
this fiscal year and thereafter will vary based on several factors, including whether we can complete the studies requested by the FDA
with respect to our IND filing, whether the FDA allows us to commence our planned clinical trial for LAPC, how quickly enrollment of patients
in our such trial can be commenced, the duration of the clinical trial and any change in the clinical development plans for our product
candidates and the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the FDA and the EMA or other comparable
foreign regulatory authorities. 

Our present and future capital requirements will be significant and
will depend on many factors, including: 

our ability to complete the studies requested by the FDA with respect to our IND filing; 

whether the FDA lifts the clinical hold on our IND filing for LAPC; 

the progress and results of our development efforts for our product candidates; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending any intellectual property-related claims; 

the effect of competing technological and market developments; 

market acceptance of our product candidates; 

the rate of progress in establishing coverage and reimbursement arrangements with domestic and international commercial third-party payors and government payors; 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other products and technologies; and 

legal, accounting, insurance and other professional and business-related costs. 

We may not be able to acquire additional funds
on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise adequate funds, we may have to liquidate some or all of our assets, or delay
or reduce the scope of or eliminate some or all of our development programs. Further, if we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient
funds, we may be required to delay planned and future clinical trials, including the pig study, and development or commercialization of
our product candidates. We also may have to reduce the resources devoted to our product candidates or cease operations. Any of these factors
could harm our operating results. 

34 

Due to the significant resources required for the development
of our programs, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain product candidates. We may
expend our limited resources on programs that do not yield a successful product candidate and fail to capitalize on product candidates
or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

We seek to maintain a process of prioritization
and resource allocation to maintain an optimal balance between aggressively advancing lead programs and ensuring replenishment of our
portfolio. Until such time, if ever, as the FDA lifts its clinical hold on our IND related to our planned clinical trial in LAPC, our
Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation technology is validated in our planned clinical trial, and sufficient additional funding is
available, we have halted spending on behalf of our development program with respect to cannabinoids. 

Due to the significant resources required for
the development of our programs, we must focus our programs on specific diseases and decide which product candidates to pursue and advance
and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, collaboration, management
and financial resources toward particular product candidates or therapeutic areas may not lead to the development of any viable commercial
product and may divert resources away from better opportunities. Similarly, our potential decisions to delay, terminate or collaborate
with third parties in respect of certain programs may subsequently also prove to be suboptimal and could cause us to miss valuable opportunities.
We may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of
opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we
choose to pursue, or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements
in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization
rights. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any or all of our programs or product candidates
or misread trends in the biotechnology industry, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. 

We currently have no commercial revenue
and may never become profitable. 

Even if we can successfully achieve regulatory
approval for our product candidates, we do not know what the reimbursement status of our product candidates will be or when any of these
products will generate revenue for us, if at all. We have not generated, and do not expect to generate, any product revenue for the foreseeable
future. We expect to continue to incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the cost of our research and development,
preclinical studies and clinical trials and the regulatory approval process for our product candidates. The amount of future losses is
uncertain and will depend, in part, on the rate of growth of our expenses. 

Our ability to generate revenue from our product
candidates also depends on numerous additional factors, including our ability to: 

successfully complete development activities, including the remaining preclinical studies and planned clinical trials for our product candidates; 

complete and submit NDAs or BLAs to the FDA and MAAs to the EMA, and obtain regulatory approval for indications for which there is a commercial market; 

complete and submit applications to, and obtain regulatory approval from, other foreign regulatory authorities; 

manufacture any approved products in commercial quantities and on commercially reasonable terms; 

develop a commercial organization, or find suitable partners, to market, sell and distribute approved products in the markets in which we have retained commercialization rights; 

achieve acceptance among patients, clinicians and advocacy groups for any products we develop; 

obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement from third parties, including government payors; and 

set a commercially viable price for any products for which we may receive approval. 

35 

We are unable to predict the timing or amount
of increased expenses, or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we can complete the processes described
above, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing our product candidates. 

To date, we have generated no revenue. Our ability
to generate revenue and become profitable depends upon our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize,
our product candidates that we may develop, in-license or acquire in the future. 

We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering,
developing or commercializing competing products before or more successfully than we do. 

The development and commercialization of new drug
products is highly competitive. We face competition with respect to our current product candidates. We will face competition with respect
to any product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future. Such competition may arise from major pharmaceutical
companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There are several large pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies that currently market products or are pursuing the development of products for the treatment of the disease indications for
which we are developing our product candidates. Some of these competitive products and therapies are based on scientific approaches that
are entirely different from our approach. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public
and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research,
development, manufacturing and commercialization. 

Specifically, there are numerous companies developing
or marketing therapies for cancer, diabetes and malignant ascites, including many major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our
commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective,
have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors
also may obtain regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors
establishing a strong market position before we can enter the market. 

Many of the companies against which we are competing
or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development,
manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we
do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors may result in even more resources being concentrated among
a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly
through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining
qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well
as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

Our future revenues are unpredictable which
causes potential fluctuations in operating results. 

Because of our limited operating history as a
biotech company; we are currently unable to accurately forecast our revenues. Future expense levels will likely be based largely on our
marketing and development plans and estimates of future revenue. Any sales or operating results will likely generally depend on volume
and timing of orders, which may not occur and on our ability to fulfill such orders, which we may not be able to do. We may be unable
to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. Accordingly, any significant shortfall in revenues
in relation to planned expenditures could have an immediate adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations. Further, as a strategic response to changes in the competitive environment, we may from time to time make certain pricing,
service or marketing decisions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations. 

36 

We may experience significant fluctuations in
future operating results due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Factors that may affect operating results
include: (i) the ability to obtain and retain customers; (ii) our ability to attract new customers at a steady rate and maintain customer
satisfaction with products; (iii) our announcement or introduction of new products by us or our competitors; (iv) price competition; (v)
the level of use and consumer acceptance of its products; (vi) the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating
to expansion of the business, operations and infrastructure; (vii) governmental regulations; (viii) general economic conditions; (ix)
delays or disruptions in our supply chain; and (x) the adverse impacts caused by COVID-19. 

Risks Related to Regulatory Matters 

If we are unable to obtain, or if there
are delays in obtaining, required approval from the applicable regulatory agencies, we will not be able to commercialize our product candidates
and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

Our product candidates must obtain marketing approval
from the FDA for commercialization in the U.S. and from foreign regulatory agencies for commercialization in countries outside the U.S.
The process of obtaining marketing approvals in the countries in which we intend to sell and distribute our product candidates is expensive
and can take many years if approval is obtained at all. This process can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including
the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will
prevent us from commercializing that product candidate. To date, we have not received approval to market any of our product candidates
from regulatory agencies in any jurisdiction. We have no experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing
approvals and expect to rely on third-party contract research organizations to assist us in this process. Securing marketing approval
requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the regulatory agencies for each product
candidate to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing marketing approval also requires the submission of
information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the regulatory agencies. 

Our product candidates may not be effective, may
be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may
preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. Regulatory agencies have substantial discretion in the approval
process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical,
clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay,
limit or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes
in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may
also cause delays in or prevent the approval of an application. New cancer drugs frequently are indicated only for patient populations
that have not responded to an existing therapy or have relapsed after such therapies. If we experience delays in obtaining approval or
if we fail to obtain approval of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates may be harmed and our ability
to generate revenues will be materially impaired. 

If allowed to proceed with our clinical
development programs, we intend to conduct clinical trials for certain of our product candidates at sites outside of the U.S., and the
U.S. regulatory agencies may not accept data from trials conducted in such locations. 

Although the FDA may accept data from clinical
trials conducted outside the U.S., acceptance of this data is subject to certain conditions imposed by the regulatory agencies outside
of the U.S. For example, the clinical trial must be well designed and conducted and performed by qualified investigators in accordance
with ethical principles. The trial population must also adequately represent the population in the country in which the clinical trial
is being conducted. The data must be applicable to the U.S. population and medical practice in the U.S. in ways that the FDA deems clinically
meaningful. Generally, the patient population for any clinical trial conducted outside of the U.S. must be representative of the population
for whom we intend to seek approval in the U.S. 

37 

In addition, while these clinical trials are subject
to the applicable local laws, the FDA acceptance of the data will be dependent upon its determination that the trials also complied with
all applicable U.S. laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that the FDA will accept data from trials conducted outside of the
U.S. If the FDA does not accept the data from any of our clinical trials that we determine to conduct outside the U.S., it would likely
result in the need for additional trials that would be costly and time-consuming and delay or permanently halt the development of our
product candidate. 

In addition, the conduct of clinical trials outside
the U.S. could have a significant impact on us. Risks inherent in conducting international clinical trials include: 

Foreign regulatory requirements that could restrict or limit our ability to conduct our clinical trials; 

Administrative burdens of conducting clinical trials under multiple foreign regulatory schemes; 

Foreign exchange fluctuations; and 

Diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries. 

Our plan to first pursue a clinical trial
before a pivotal Phase 3 trial will likely result in additional costs to us and resultant delays in the FDA review process and any future
commercialization and marketing if regulatory approval is obtained. 

If the FDA allows us to begin a clinical trial
by lifting its clinical hold on our IND, we have determined that the data contained in previous clinical trial reports using the Cell-in-a-Box 
 and its Associated Technologies are not enough to advance the program to a Phase 3 pivotal trial. Therefore, we are designing a
clinical trial that, if successful, we believe will provide the information necessary to plan a Phase 3 pivotal trial. Our determination
to first conduct a clinical trial before conducting a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial will likely result in additional costs to us and
resultant delays in the regulatory review process and any future commercialization and marketing if regulatory approval is obtained. The
same is true to a greater extent if the FDA requires us to commence a Phase 1 or other Phase 2 clinical trial instead of the planned Phase
2b clinical trial currently under clinical hold. 

If we are unable to obtain, or if there
are delays in obtaining, required approval from the regulatory agencies, we will not be able to commercialize our product candidates and
our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

Our product candidates must obtain marketing approval
from the FDA for commercialization in the U.S. and from foreign regulatory agencies for commercialization in countries outside the U.S.
The process of obtaining marketing approvals in the countries in which we intend to sell and distribute our product candidates is expensive
and can take several years if approval is obtained at all. This process can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including
the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will
prevent us from commercializing that product candidate. To date, we have not received approval to market any of our product candidates
from regulatory agencies in any jurisdiction. We have no experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing
approvals and expect to rely on third-party contract research organizations to assist us in this process. Securing marketing approval
requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the regulatory agencies for each product
candidate to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing marketing approval also requires the submission of
information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the regulatory agencies. 

38 

Our product candidates may not be effective, may
be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may
preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. Regulatory agencies have substantial discretion in the approval
process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical,
clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay,
limit or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes
in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may
also cause delays in or prevent the approval of an application. New cancer drugs frequently are indicated only for patient populations
that have not responded to an existing therapy or have relapsed after such therapies. If we experience delays in obtaining approval or
if we fail to obtain approval of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates may be harmed and our ability
to generate revenues will be materially impaired. 

Development of a biologic involves a lengthy
and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing or be unable to complete
the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

Our Cell-in-a-Box and ifosfamide
combination product candidate has not begun clinical development, and, like others candidates in a similar phase of development,
the risk of failure is high. It is impossible to predict when or if this product candidate or any other product candidate will prove effective
or safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory agencies for the sale of any
product candidate, if allowed to proceed, we must complete preclinical development and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate
the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Clinical trials are expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take
several years to complete and are uncertain as to their outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of a
clinical trial. The clinical development of our product candidates is susceptible to the risk of failure inherent at any stage of drug
development, including failure to demonstrate efficacy in a clinical trial or across a broad population of patients, the occurrence of
severe or medically or commercially unacceptable adverse events, failure to comply with protocols or applicable regulatory requirements
or determination by the regulatory agencies that a drug or biologic product is not approvable. It is possible that even if one or more
of our product candidates has a beneficial effect, that effect will not be detected during clinical evaluation because of one or more
of a variety of factors, including the size, duration, design, measurements, conduct or analysis of our clinical trials. Conversely, because
of the same factors, our clinical trials if allowed to proceed, may indicate an apparent positive effect of a product candidate that is
greater than the actual positive effect, if any. Similarly, in our clinical trials if allowed to proceed, we may fail to detect toxicity
of, or intolerability caused by, our product candidates, or mistakenly believe that our product candidates are toxic or not well tolerated
when that is not, in fact, the case. 

The outcome of preclinical studies and early and
mid-phase clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not
necessarily predict overall results. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors have suffered significant setbacks
in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in earlier stages of development, and we cannot be certain that we will
not face similar setbacks. 

The design of a clinical trial can determine whether
its results will support approval of a product; however, flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until the clinical
trial is well advanced or completed. We have limited experience in designing clinical trials and may be unable to design and execute a
clinical trial to support marketing approval. In addition, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations
and analyses. Many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials
have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval for their product candidates. Even if we believe that the results of clinical trials
for our product candidates warrant marketing approval, the regulatory agencies may disagree and may not grant marketing approval of our
product candidates or may require that we conduct initial clinical studies; the latter would require that we incur significantly increased
costs and would significantly extend the clinical development timeline for our product candidates. 

In some instances, there can be significant variability
in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes
in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the
clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. Any Phase 1, Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical trial we
may conduct may not demonstrate the efficacy and safety necessary to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates. 

39 

We are seeking FDA approval to commence
clinical trials in the U.S. of certain of our product candidates based on clinical data that was obtained in trials conducted outside
the U.S., and it is possible that the FDA may not accept data from trials conducted in such locations or conducted nearly 20 years ago. 

In support of our IND application to commence
a clinical trial in LAPC using genetically engineered live human cells encapsulated using our Cell-in-a-Box technology
in combination with ifosfamide we are relying on a Phase 1/2 clinical trial and a clinical trial previously conducted using the same technology
in combination with ifosfamide between 1998 and 1999 and between 1999 and 2000, respectively. The Phase 1/2 clinical trial was carried
out at the Division of Gastroenterology, University of Rostock, Germany, and the Phase 2 clinical trial was carried out at four centers
in two countries in Europe: Berne, Switzerland, and in Rostock, Munich and Berlin, Germany. 

Although the FDA may accept data from clinical
trials conducted outside the U.S., acceptance of this data is subject to certain conditions imposed by the FDA. There is a risk that the
FDA may not accept the data from the two previous trials. In that case, we may be required to conduct a Phase 1 or a Phase 1/2b clinical
trial rather than the planned Phase 2b clinical trial in LAPC, currently under clinical hold. This may result in additional costs to us
and resultant delays in the regulatory review process and any future commercialization and marketing if regulatory approval is obtained.
It is not known whether the FDA would be likely to reject the use of such clinical data due to the significant time that has elapsed since
the earlier clinical trials were conducted or because the clinical trial material for our proposed clinical trial is different from that
used in the earlier clinical trials because of cloning the cells used in the earlier trials and certain other modifications and improvements
that have been made to the Cell-in-a-Box technology since the time of the earlier trials. 

We intend to conduct clinical trials for
certain of our product candidates at sites outside of the U.S., and the U.S. regulatory agencies may not accept data from trials conducted
in such locations. 

Although the FDA may accept data from clinical
trials conducted outside the U.S., acceptance of this data is subject to certain conditions imposed by the regulatory agencies outside
of the U.S. For example, the clinical trial must be well designed and conducted and performed by qualified investigators in accordance
with ethical principles. The trial population must also adequately represent the population in the country in which the clinical trial
is being conducted. The data must be applicable to the U.S. population and medical practice in the U.S. in ways that the FDA deems clinically
meaningful. Generally, the patient population for any clinical trial conducted outside of the U.S. must be representative of the population
for whom we intend to seek approval in the U.S. 

In addition, while these clinical trials are subject
to the applicable local laws, the FDA acceptance of the data will be dependent upon its determination that the trials also complied with
all applicable U.S. laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that the FDA will accept data from trials conducted outside of the
U.S. If the FDA does not accept the data from any of our clinical trials that we determine to conduct outside the U.S., it would likely
result in the need for additional trials that would be costly and time-consuming and delay or permanently halt the development of our
product candidate. 

In addition, the conduct of clinical trials outside
the U.S. could have a significant impact on us. Risks inherent in conducting international clinical trials include: 

Foreign regulatory requirements that could restrict or limit our ability to conduct our clinical trials; 

Administrative burdens of conducting clinical trials under multiple foreign regulatory schemes; 

Foreign exchange fluctuations; and 

Diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries. 

40 

If clinical trials of our product candidates
fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the regulatory agencies, we may incur additional costs or experience delays
in completing or be unable to complete the development and commercialization of these product candidates. 

We are not permitted to commercialize, market,
promote or sell any product candidate in the U.S. without obtaining marketing approval from the FDA. Comparable regulatory agencies outside
of the U.S., such as the EMA in the European Union, impose similar restrictions. We may never receive such approvals. We may be required
to complete additional preclinical development and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in
humans before we will be able to obtain these approvals. 

Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design
and implement, can take many years to complete and is inherently uncertain as to outcome. We have not previously submitted an NDA, a BLA
or a MAA to regulatory agencies for any of our product candidates. 

Any inability to successfully complete preclinical
and clinical development could result in additional costs to us and impair our ability to generate revenues from product sales, regulatory
and commercialization milestones and royalties. In addition, if: (i) we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing
of our product candidates beyond the trials and testing that we contemplate; (ii) we are unable to successfully complete our planned clinical
trials of our product candidates or other testing; (iii) the results of these trials or tests are unfavorable, uncertain or are only modestly
favorable; or (iv) there are unacceptable safety concerns associated with our product candidates, we, in addition to incurring additional
costs, may: 

Be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates; 

Not obtain marketing approval at all; 

Obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as we intended or desired; 

Obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or significant safety warnings, including black-box warnings; 

Be subject to additional post-marketing testing or other requirements; or 

Be required to remove the product from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 

Results in previous clinical trials of our
encapsulated live cell and ifosfamide combination for pancreatic cancer may not be replicated in future clinical trials which could result
in development delays or a failure to obtain marketing approval. 

Results in the previous Phase 1/2 and Phase 2
clinical trials of the encapsulated live cell and ifosfamide combination product may not be predictive of similar results in future clinical
trials such as our planned clinical trial in LAPC, if allowed to proceed. The previous Phase 1/2 and Phase 2 clinical trials had a relatively
limited number of patients in each trial. These trials resulted in outcomes that were not statistically significant and may not be representative
of future results. In addition, interim results obtained after a clinical trial has commenced do not necessarily predict results in future
clinical trials. Numerous companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage
clinical trials even after achieving promising results in early-stage clinical development. Our clinical trials, if allowed to proceed,
may produce negative or inconclusive results and we may decide, or regulatory agencies may require us, to conduct additional clinical
trials. Moreover, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that believed their
product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain the approval
for their products by the regulatory agencies. 

41 

If we experience any unforeseen events in
the clinical trials of our product candidates, potential marketing approval or commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed
or prevented. 

We may experience numerous unforeseen events during
our clinical trials, if allowed to proceed, that could delay or prevent marketing approval of our product candidates, including: 

Clinical trials of our product candidates may produce unfavorable or inconclusive results; 

We may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs or candidates; 

The number of patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, patient enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate, or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

Our third-party contractors, including those manufacturing our product candidates, components, or ingredients thereof or conducting clinical trials on our behalf, may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner or at all; 

Regulators or IRBs may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

We may experience delays in reaching or may fail to reach agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with prospective trial sites; 

Patients who enroll in a clinical trial may misrepresent their eligibility to do so or may otherwise not comply with the clinical trial protocol, resulting in the need to drop the patients from the clinical trial, increase the needed enrollment size for the clinical trial or extend the clinical trial s duration; 

We may have to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our product candidates for various reasons, including a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics of a product candidate; 

Regulatory agencies or IRBs may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or their respective standards of conduct, a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics of the product candidate or findings of undesirable effects caused by a chemically or mechanistically similar drug or drug candidate; 

Regulatory agencies may disagree with our clinical trial design or our interpretation of data from preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

Regulatory agencies may fail to approve or subsequently find fault with the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we enter agreements for clinical and commercial supplies; 

The supply or quality of raw materials or manufactured product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient, inadequate, delayed, or not available at an acceptable cost, or we may experience interruptions in supply; and 

The approval policies or regulations of the regulatory agencies may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient to obtain marketing approval. 

42 

Product development costs for us will increase
if we experience delays in testing or pursuing marketing approvals. We may also be required to obtain additional funds to complete clinical
trials and prepare for possible commercialization of our product candidates. We do not know whether any preclinical studies or clinical
trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule or at all. Significant preclinical study or
clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates
or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates
and may harm our business and results of operations. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, clinical trial delays may
ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of any of our product candidates. 

If we experience delays or difficulties
in the enrollment of patients in clinical trials, we may not achieve our clinical development timeline and our receipt of necessary regulatory
approvals could be delayed or prevented. 

We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical
trials for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll enough eligible patients to participate in our clinical trials.
Patient enrollment is a significant factor in the overall duration of a clinical trial and is affected by many factors, including: 

The size and nature of the patient population; 

The severity of the disease under investigation; 

The proximity of patients to clinical sites; 

The eligibility criteria for the trial; 

The design of the clinical trial; 

Efforts to facilitate timely enrollment; 

Competing clinical trials for the same patient population; and 

Clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating. 

Our inability to enroll enough patients for our
clinical trials could result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays
in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates, delay or halt the development of and approval
processes for our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to achieve our clinical development timeline and goals, including the
dates by which we will commence, complete and receive results from clinical trials. Enrollment delays may also delay or jeopardize our
ability to commence sales and generate revenues from our product candidates. Any of the foregoing could cause the value of our company
to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing, if needed. 

We may request priority review for our product
candidates in the future. The regulatory agencies may not grant priority review for any of our product candidates. Moreover, even if the
regulatory agencies designated such products for priority review, that designation may not lead to a faster regulatory review or approval
process and, in any event, does not assure approval by the regulatory agencies. 

We may be eligible for priority review designation
for our product candidates if the regulatory agencies determine such product candidates offer major advances in treatment or provide a
treatment where no adequate therapy exists. A priority review designation means that the time required for the regulatory agencies to
review an application is less than the standard review period. The regulatory agencies have broad discretion with respect to whether to
grant priority review status to a product candidate, so even if we believe a product candidate is eligible for such designation or status,
the regulatory agencies may decide not to grant it. Thus, while the regulatory agencies have granted priority review to other oncology
and diabetes products, our product candidates, should we determine to seek priority review of them, may not receive similar designation.
Moreover, even if one of our product candidates is designated for priority review, such a designation does not necessarily mean a faster
overall regulatory review process or necessarily confer any advantage with respect to approval compared to conventional procedures of
the regulatory agencies. 

Receiving priority review from the regulatory
agencies does not guarantee approval within an accelerated timeline or thereafter. 

43 

In some instances, we believe we may be
able to secure approval from the regulatory agencies to use accelerated development pathways. If we are unable to obtain such approval,
we may be required to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials beyond those that we contemplate which could increase
the expense of obtaining and delay the receipt of necessary marketing approvals. 

We anticipate that we may seek an accelerated
approval pathway for certain of our product candidates. Under the accelerated approval provisions or their implementing regulations of
the regulatory agencies, they may grant accelerated approval to a product designed to treat a serious or life-threatening condition that
provides meaningful therapeutic benefit over available therapies upon a determination that the product influences a surrogate endpoint
or intermediate clinical endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. Regulatory agencies consider a clinical benefit
to be a positive therapeutic effect that is clinically meaningful in the context of a given disease, such as irreversible morbidity or
mortality. For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic
image, physical sign or other measure that is thought to predict clinical benefit but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. An
intermediate clinical endpoint is a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality
that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. The accelerated approval
pathway may be used in cases in which the advantage of a new drug over available therapy may not be a direct therapeutic advantage but
is a clinically important improvement from a patient and public health perspective. If granted, accelerated approval is usually contingent
on the sponsor s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe
the drug s clinical benefit. If such post-approval studies fail to confirm the drug s clinical benefit, regulatory agencies
may withdraw their approval of the drug. 

Prior to seeking such accelerated approval, we
will seek feedback from the regulatory agencies and will otherwise evaluate our ability to seek and receive such accelerated approval.
There can also be no assurance that after our evaluation of the feedback and other factors we will decide to pursue or submit an NDA,
a BLA or an MAA for accelerated approval or any other form of expedited development, review or approval. Similarly, there can be no assurance
that after subsequent feedback from regulatory agencies that we will continue to pursue or apply for accelerated approval or any other
form of expedited development, review or approval, even if we initially decide to do so. Furthermore, if we decide to apply for accelerated
approval or under another expedited regulatory designation (such as the Breakthrough Therapy designation or Fast Track designation), there
can be no assurance that such submission or application will be accepted or that any expedited development, review or approval will be
granted on a timely basis or at all. Regulatory agencies could also require us to conduct further studies prior to considering our application
or granting approval of any type. A failure to obtain accelerated approval or any other form of expedited development, review or approval
for any of our product candidates that we determine to seek accelerated approval for would result in a longer time to commercialization
of such product candidate, could increase the cost of development of such product candidate and could harm our competitive position in
the marketplace. 

We may seek Orphan Drug designation for
some of our product candidates, and we may be unsuccessful. 

Regulatory agencies may designate drugs for relatively
small patient populations as Orphan Drugs. Under the standards and requirements of regulatory agencies, they may designate a product as
an Orphan Drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition. In the U.S., this is generally defined as a disease with
a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals. If a product with an Orphan Drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing
approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes
the EMA or FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug for the same indication during the period of exclusivity.
The applicable period is seven years in the U.S. and ten years in Europe. In Europe, a product must meet the orphan prevalence not only
when so designated but at marketing authorization. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets
the criteria for Orphan Drug designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. 

44 

We have been granted Orphan Drug designation for
our pancreatic cancer therapy in the U.S. and European Union. Orphan Drug exclusivity may be lost if a regulatory agency determines that
the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet
the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Marketing exclusivity for a product designated as an Orphan Drug may not effectively
protect the product candidate from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same condition, and the same drug may be
approved for a different condition that may be used off label for an orphan indication. Even after an Orphan Drug is approved and granted
exclusivity, the regulatory agency can subsequently approve the same drug in a different drug product for the same condition if they conclude
that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. 

A Fast Track by the FDA or similar designation
by another regulatory agency, even if granted for any of our product candidates, may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review
or approval process and does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 

We do not currently have Fast Track designation
by the FDA or similar designation by another regulatory agency for any of our product candidates but intend to seek such designation based
upon the data generated from our clinical trials, if allowed to proceed and if successful. If a drug or biologic is intended for the treatment
of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product candidate demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this
condition, the sponsor may apply for Fast Track designation by the FDA or similar designation by another regulatory agency. Regulatory
agencies have broad discretion whether to grant this designation by the FDA or similar designation by another regulatory agency. Even
if we believe a product candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that a regulatory agency would decide to grant
it. Even if we do receive Fast Track or similar designation, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared
to conventional procedures adopted by a regulatory agency. In addition, a regulatory agency may withdraw Fast Track designation if it
believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Many product candidates that have
received Fast Track designation have failed to obtain marketing approval. 

A Breakthrough Therapy designation by the
FDA or similar designation by another regulatory agency, even if granted for any of our product candidates, may not lead to a faster development
or regulatory review or approval process and does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 

We do not currently have Breakthrough Therapy
designation by the FDA or similar designation by another regulatory agency for any of our product candidates but intend seek such designation
based upon the data we generate during our clinical trials, if successful. 

A Breakthrough Therapy or similar designation
is within the discretion of the FDA and other regulatory agencies. Accordingly, even if we believe, after completing early clinical trials,
that one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a Breakthrough Therapy or other similar designation, a regulatory
agency may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a Breakthrough Therapy or other similar
designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to drugs or biologics
considered for approval under conventional procedures of a regulatory agency and does not assure their ultimate approval. In addition,
even if one or more of our product candidates receives Breakthrough Therapy designation or other similar designations, a regulatory agency
may later decide that such product candidates no longer meet the conditions for the designation. 

Failure to obtain marketing approval in
international jurisdictions would prevent our product candidates from being marketed abroad. 

To market and sell our product candidates in Europe
and many other jurisdictions outside the U.S., we or our third-party collaborators must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply
with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The
time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval in the U.S. The regulatory approval
process outside the U.S. generally includes all the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside
the U.S., it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product can be approved for sale in that country. We
or these third parties may not obtain approval from a regulatory agency outside the U.S. on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by FDA
does not ensure approval by a regulatory agency in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory agency outside the
U.S. does not ensure approval by a regulatory agency in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. We may not be able to file for
marketing approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our product candidates in any market. 

45 

Any product candidate for which we obtain
marketing approval will be subject to extensive post-marketing regulatory requirements and could be subject to post-marketing restrictions
or withdrawal from the market. We may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated
problems with our products, when and if any of our product candidates are approved. 

Our product candidates and the activities associated
with their development and commercialization, including their testing, manufacture, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising,
promotion, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by regulatory agencies. The requirements that result from such
regulations include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and listing requirements, cGMP
requirements relating to manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, including
periodic inspections by regulatory agencies, requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping. 

In addition, regulatory agencies may impose requirements
for costly post-marketing studies or clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of a product candidate. Regulatory
agencies tightly regulate the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs and biologics to ensure the products are marketed only for
the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. They also impose stringent restrictions on manufacturers 
communications regarding use of their products. If we promote our product candidates beyond their approved indications, we may be subject
to enforcement action for off-label promotion. Violations of the laws relating to the promotion of prescription drugs or biologics may
lead to investigations alleging violations of federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, as well as state consumer protection
laws. 

Also, later discovery of previously unknown adverse
events or other problems with our product candidates, manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements,
may yield various results, including: 

Restrictions on such products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes; 

Restrictions on the labeling or marketing of a product; 

Restrictions on product distribution or use; 

Requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 

Warning or untitled letters or Form 483s; 

Withdrawal of the products from the market; 

Refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit; 

Recall of products; 

Fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenues; 

Suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals; 

Refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; 

Product seizure; or 

Injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties 

46 

Non-compliance with European requirements regarding
safety monitoring or pharmacovigilance, and with requirements related to the development of products for the pediatric population, can
also result in significant financial penalties. Similarly, failure to comply with the Europe s requirements regarding the protection
of personal information can also lead to significant penalties and sanctions. 

Our relationships with customers and third-party
payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to
criminal sanctions, substantial civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 

Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party
payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval.
Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to applicable federal and state fraud and abuse and other
healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell
and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable healthcare laws and regulations include
the following: 

The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other
things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing any remuneration, directly or indirectly, in
cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation
of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

The False Claims Act imposes criminal and civil
penalties, including civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing
to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease
or conceal an obligation to pay money to the Federal governments; and 

HIPAA imposes criminal and civil liability for
executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. HIPAA, as amended
by HITECH and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding
the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Federal law requires applicable manufacturers
of covered drugs to report payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, which includes data collection
and reporting obligations. The information is to be made publicly available on a searchable website. Analogous state and foreign laws
and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving
healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

Some state laws require pharmaceutical companies
to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by
the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians
and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures. State and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information
in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating
compliance efforts. 

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements
with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental
authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving
applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws
or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties,
damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion of our product candidates from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid,
and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we
expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative
sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 

47 

Recently enacted and future legislation
could increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the
prices we may obtain. 

The United States and many foreign jurisdictions
have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system that may affect our ability to profitably
sell our product candidates, if approved. The United States government, state legislatures and foreign governments also have shown significant
interest in implementing cost-containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls,
restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs and biologics. 

The Affordable Care Act was intended to broaden
access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add transparency
requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional
health policy reforms. 

We expect that the Affordable Care Act, as well
as other healthcare reform measures that have and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional
downward pressure on the price that we receive for our product candidates, if approved, and could seriously harm our future revenues.
Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid, or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from
private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate
revenue, attain and maintain profitability of our product candidates, if approved. 

Governments outside the U.S. tend to impose
strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any. 

In some countries, particularly the EEA countries
and the United Kingdom, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations
with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement
or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product
candidate to other available therapies. If reimbursement of our product candidates is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if
pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be materially harmed. 

Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 

Serious adverse events or undesirable side
effects or other unexpected properties of our encapsulated live cell plus ifosfamide product candidate or any of our other product candidates
may be identified during development that could delay or prevent the product candidates marketing approval. 

Serious adverse events or undesirable side effects
caused by, or other unexpected properties of, our product candidates could cause us, an IRB or a regulatory agency to interrupt, delay
or halt clinical trials of one or more of our product candidates and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of
marketing approval by a regulatory agency. If any of our product candidates is associated with serious adverse events or undesirable side
effects or has properties that are unexpected, we may need to abandon development or limit development of that product candidate to certain
uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable
from a risk-benefit perspective. Many drugs that initially showed promise in clinical or earlier stage testing have later been found to
cause undesirable or unexpected side effects that prevented further development of the drug. 

48 

Even if one of our product candidates receives
marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third party payors and others in the
medical community necessary for commercial success and the market opportunity for the product candidate may be smaller than we anticipated. 

We have never commercialized a drug or biologic
product. Even if one of our product candidates is approved by a regulatory agency for marketing and sale, it may nonetheless fail to gain
sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third party payors and others in the medical community. For example, physicians
are often reluctant to switch their patients from existing therapies even when new and potentially more effective or convenient treatments
enter the market. Further, patients often acclimate to the therapy that they are currently taking and do not want to switch unless their
physicians recommend switching products or they are required to switch therapies due to lack of reimbursement for existing therapies. 

Efforts to educate the medical community and third-party
payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may not be successful. If any of our product candidates
is approved but does not achieve an adequate level of market acceptance, we may not generate significant revenues and we may not become
profitable. 

The degree of market acceptance of our encapsulated
live cell plus ifosfamide product candidate or any of our other product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on several
factors, including: 

The efficacy and safety of the product; 

The potential advantages of the product compared to alternative treatments; 

The prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

The clinical indications for which the product is approved; 

Whether the product is designated under physician treatment guidelines as a first-line therapy or as a second- or third-line therapy; 

Limitations or warnings, including distribution or use restrictions, contained in the product s approved labeling; 

Our ability to offer the product for sale at competitive prices; 

Our ability to establish and maintain pricing sufficient to realize a meaningful return on our investment; 

The product s convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

The willingness of the target patient population to try, and of physicians to prescribe, the product; 

49 

The strength of sales, marketing and distribution support; 

The approval of other new products for the same indications; 

Changes in the standard of care for the targeted indications for the product; 

The timing of market introduction of our approved products as well as competitive products and other therapies; 

Availability and amount of reimbursement from government payors, managed care plans and other third-party payors; 

Adverse publicity about the product or favorable publicity about competitive products; and 

Potential product liability claims. 

The potential market opportunities for our product
candidates are difficult to estimate precisely. Our estimates of the potential market opportunities are predicated on many assumptions,
including industry knowledge and publications, third party research reports and other surveys. While we believe that our internal assumptions
are reasonable, these assumptions involve the exercise of significant judgment on the part of our management, are inherently uncertain
and the reasonableness of these assumptions has not been assessed by an independent source. If any of the assumptions prove to be inaccurate,
the actual markets for our product candidates could be smaller than our estimates of the potential market opportunities. 

If any of our product candidates receives
marketing approval and we or others later discover that the therapy is less effective than previously believed or causes undesirable side
effects that were not previously identified, our ability to market the therapy could be compromised. 

Clinical trials of our product candidates, if
allowed to proceed, will be conducted in carefully defined subsets of patients who have agreed to enter a clinical trial. Consequently,
it is possible that our clinical trials, if allowed to proceed, may indicate an apparent positive effect of a product candidate that is
greater than the actual positive effect, if any, or alternatively fail to identify undesirable side effects. If, following approval of
a product candidate, we or others discover that the product candidate is less effective than previously believed or causes undesirable
side effects that were not previously identified, any of the following adverse events could occur: 

A regulatory agency may withdraw its approval of the product candidate or seize the product candidate; 

We may be required to recall the product candidate or change the way the product is administered; 

Additional restrictions may be imposed on the marketing of, or the manufacturing processes for, the product candidate; 

We may be subject to fines, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; 

A regulatory agency may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a black box warning or a contraindication; 

We may be required to create a Medication Guide outlining the risks of the previously unidentified side effects for distribution of our product candidate to patients; 

We could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; 

The product candidate may become less competitive; and 

Our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could have a material and
adverse effect on our operations and business and could adversely impact our stock price. 

50 

If we are unable to establish sales, marketing
and distribution capabilities or enter acceptable sales, marketing and distribution arrangements with third parties, we may not be successful
in commercializing any product candidate that we develop when a product candidate is approved. 

We do not have any sales, marketing or distribution
infrastructure and have no experience in the sale, marketing or distribution of pharmaceutical products. To achieve commercial success
for any approved product candidate, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization, outsource these functions to third parties
or license our product candidates to others. If approved by the FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory agencies, we expect to license
our encapsulated live cell plus ifosfamide product candidate for pancreatic cancer to a large pharmaceutical company with greater resources
and experience than us. 

We may not be able to license our encapsulated
live cell plus ifosfamide product candidate on reasonable terms, if at all. If other product candidates are approved for smaller or easily
targeted markets, we expect to commercialize them in the U.S. directly with a small and highly focused commercialization organization.
The development of sales, marketing and distribution capabilities will require substantial resources and will be time-consuming, which
could delay any product candidate launch. 

We expect that we will commence the development
of these capabilities prior to receiving approval of any of our product candidates. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for
which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing and distribution capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we could
have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization costs. Such a delay may be costly, and our investment could be lost
if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. 

In addition, we may not be able to hire or retain
a sales force in the U.S. that is sufficient in size or has adequate expertise in the medical markets that we plan to target. If we are
unable to establish or retain a sales force and marketing and distribution capabilities, our operating results may be adversely affected.
If a potential partner has development or commercialization expertise that we believe is particularly relevant to one of our product candidates,
then we may seek to collaborate with that potential partner even if we believe we could otherwise develop and commercialize the product
candidate independently. 

We expect to seek one or more strategic partners
for commercialization of our product candidates outside the U.S. Because of entering arrangements with third parties to perform sales,
marketing and distribution services, our product revenues or the profitability of these product revenues may be lower, perhaps substantially
lower, than if we were to directly market and sell products in those markets. Furthermore, we may be unsuccessful in entering the necessary
arrangements with third parties or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. In addition, we may have little or no control
over such third parties and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our product candidates
effectively. 

If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities,
either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing any of our product candidates that
receive marketing approval. 

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

We rely heavily on third parties to conduct
our preclinical studies and plan to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials, assuming they are allowed to proceed, and those
third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such studies and trials. 

We currently rely heavily on third parties to
conduct our preclinical studies and plan to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials, assuming they are allowed to proceed,
including Austrianova in which we own an equity interest. We expect to continue to rely heavily on third parties, such as a CRO, a clinical
data management organization, a medical institution, a clinical investigator and others to plan for and conduct our clinical trials. Our
agreements with these third parties generally allow the third party to terminate our agreement with them at any time. If we are required
to enter alternative arrangements because of any such termination, the introduction of our product candidates to market could be delayed. 

51 

Our reliance on these third parties for R D
activities will reduce our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we design our clinical
trials and will remain responsible for ensuring that each is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocol
for the trial. Moreover, regulatory agencies require us to comply with current good manufacturing practices cGMP for conducting,
recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the
rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Our reliance on third parties that we do not control does not
relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. We also are required to register ongoing clinical trials and post the results of
completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database of regulatory agencies within specified timeframes. Failure to do so can
result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 

Furthermore, these third parties may also have
relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual
duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with the requirements of a regulatory agency or our protocols,
we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to,
or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

In addition, disruptions in the global economy
and supply chains could adversely affect the financial conditions of the third parties on which we rely, resulting in delays in preclinical
studies and clinical trials that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, Austrianova
from time to time has experienced significant supply chain delays, some of which may be related to COVID-19, and we believe it may be
experiencing liquidity issues. 

We rely on numerous consultants for a substantial
portion of our R D related to our product candidates. If there are delays or failures to perform their obligations, our product candidates
would be adversely affected. If our collaboration with these consultants is unsuccessful or is terminated, we would need to identify new
research and collaboration partners for our preclinical and clinical development. If we are unsuccessful or significantly delayed in identifying
new collaboration and research partners, or unable to reach an agreement with such a partner on commercially reasonable terms, development
of our product candidates will suffer, and our business would be materially harmed. 

In addition, if any of these consultants change
their strategic focus, or if external factors cause any one of them to divert resources from our collaboration, or if any one of them
independently develops products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates using resources or information it acquires
from our collaboration, our business and results of operations could suffer. 

Future preclinical and clinical development
collaborations may be important to us. If we are unable to maintain these collaborations, or if these collaborations are not successful,
our business could be adversely affected. 

For some of our product candidates, we may in
the future determine to collaborate with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for development of our product candidates. We face
significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Our ability to reach a definitive agreement for any collaboration will depend,
among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed
collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of several factors. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable
collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce
or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay our potential development schedule or increase
our expenditures and undertake preclinical and clinical development activities at our own expense. If we fail to enter collaborations
and do not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development activities, we may not be able to further develop
our product candidates or continue to develop our product candidates and our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

52 

Future collaborations we may enter may involve
the following risks: 

Collaborators may have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 

Collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; 

Changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as an acquisition, may divert resources or create competing priorities; 

Collaborators may delay discovery and preclinical development, provide insufficient funding for product development of targets selected by us, stop or abandon preclinical or clinical development of a product candidate or must repeat or conduct new preclinical and clinical development of a product candidate; 

Collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed than ours; 

Product candidates may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the development of our product candidates; 

Disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development might cause delays or termination of the preclinical or clinical development or commercialization of product candidates. This might lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to product candidates, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive; 

Collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or intellectual property rights licensed to us or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 

Collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; and 

Collaborations may be terminated at the convenience of the collaborator and, if terminated, we could be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of our product candidates. 

In addition, subject to its contractual obligations
to us, if a collaborator of ours is involved in a business combination, the collaborator might deemphasize or terminate the development
of any of our product candidates. If one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may find it more difficult to attract
new collaborators and our perception in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. If we are unable to maintain
our collaborations, development of our product candidates could be delayed, and we may need additional resources to develop them. 

We rely on Prof. G nzburg and Dr. Salmons
for the development of our product candidates. If they decide to terminate their relationship with us, we may not be successful in the
development of our product candidates. 

We rely on Prof. Walter H. G nzburg and Dr. Brian Salmons, officers
of Austrianova, for the development of our product candidates. If they decide to terminate their relationship with us, we may not be successful
in the development of our product candidates. 

Prof. G nzburg and Dr. Salmons are involved
in almost all our scientific endeavors underway and being planned by us. These endeavors include preclinical and clinical studies involving
our cancer therapy for LAPC to be conducted in the U.S. and elsewhere on our behalf. They also provide professional consulting services
to us through the respective consulting agreements we have entered with the consulting companies through which they provide services.
The consulting agreements may be terminated for any reason at any time upon one party giving the other written notice prior to the effective
date of the termination. If that occurs, we may not be successful in the development of our product candidates which could have a material
adverse effect on us. 

53 

The manufacture of our product candidates
is complex, and difficulties may be encountered in production. If such difficulties are encountered or failure to meet regulatory standards
occurs, our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for clinical trials, if allowed to proceed, or our products for patients,
if approved, could be delayed or stopped, or we may be unable to maintain a commercially viable cost structure. 

The processes involved in manufacturing our product
candidates are complex, expensive, highly regulated and subject to multiple risks. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes
could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. Further, as product candidates are developed
through preclinical studies to potential future clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects
of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such
changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause our product candidates
to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials. We expect to rely on third-party
manufacturers for the manufacturing of our products. 

In order to conduct planned or future clinical
trials of our product candidates, or supply commercial products, if approved, we will need to have them manufactured in small and large
quantities. Our manufacturing partners may be unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for any of our product candidates
in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities. If our manufacturing
partners are unable to successfully scale up the manufacture of our product candidates in sufficient quality and quantity, the development,
testing and potential clinical trials of that product candidate may be delayed or become infeasible, and regulatory approval or commercial
launch of any resulting product may be delayed or not obtained, which could significantly harm our business. The same risks would apply
to our internal manufacturing facilities, should we in the future decide to build internal manufacturing capacity. In addition, building
internal manufacturing capacity would carry significant risks in terms of being able to plan, design and execute on a complex project
to build manufacturing facilities in a timely and cost-efficient manner. 

In addition, the manufacturing process for any
products that we may develop is subject to FDA, EMA and foreign regulatory authority approval processes and continuous oversight, and
we will need to contract with manufacturers who can meet all applicable FDA, EMA and foreign regulatory authority requirements, including
complying with current good manufacturing processes, or on an ongoing basis. If we or our third-party manufacturers are unable to reliably
produce products to specifications acceptable to the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities, we may not obtain or maintain the approvals
we need to commercialize such products. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, there is no assurance
that either we or our third-party manufacturers will be able to manufacture the approved product to specifications acceptable to the FDA,
EMA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product,
or to meet potential future demand. Any of these challenges could delay initiation and completion of clinical trials, require bridging
clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidate,
impair commercialization efforts, increase our cost of goods, and have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition,
results of operations and growth prospects. 

54 

Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights
throughout the world. 

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents or establishing
other intellectual property rights to our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and
our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States or
non-existent. For example, the Melligen cells are protected by patents only in the U.S. and Europe and we are only pursuing patent protection
for our pancreatic cancer product candidate in the U.S., Australia and Canada. 

Many companies have encountered significant problems
in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries do not favor the
enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our
patents or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent and other intellectual property
rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business,
could put our patents or intellectual property rights at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications
at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate,
and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. 

Many countries, including European Union countries,
India, Japan and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified circumstances to grant
licenses to third parties. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a
license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our ability to pursue strategic
alternatives, including identifying and consummating transactions with potential third-party partners, to further develop, obtain marketing
approval for and/or commercialize our product candidates, and consequently our potential revenue opportunities. 

Our intellectual property and data and market
exclusivity may not be sufficient to block others from commercializing identical or competing products. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability
to obtain and maintain both intellectual property rights and data and market exclusivity for our product candidates in order to block
others from commercializing identical or competing products. Establishing intellectual property rights includes filing, prosecuting, maintaining
and enforcing patents that cover our product candidates and variations of our product candidates and protecting our trade secrets and
other proprietary information related to our product candidates from unauthorized use. 

The foundational patents relating to the Cell-in-the-Box 
technology that were formerly licensed from Bavarian Nordic/GSF covering capsules encapsulating cells expressing cytochrome P450 and treatment
methods using the same expired on March 27, 2017. Currently, we do not have any issued patents in any countries covering our product candidate
for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. We exclusively license from UTS patented Melligen cells, which cover our product candidate for
the treatment of diabetes, which are issued in the U.S. and Europe and expire in August 2028. Currently, we do not have any issued patents
or pending applications covering our product candidate for the treatment of cancer using cannabinoids or our product candidate for the
treatment of malignant ascites fluid therapy. We may not be able to obtain protection for our product candidates or variations of our
product candidates. Even if our owned and licensed patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide
us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage or
our patents may expire before or shortly after our product candidate is approved. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned
or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. 

55 

Confidential know-how and trade secrets are only
protectable to the extent a third party utilizes the confidential know-how or trade secret in an unauthorized manner; however, if a third
party is able to independently duplicate the technology, such as through reverse engineering, without access to or use of our confidential
know-how or trade secret, we would have no recourse. 

In addition, data exclusivity that is provided
through the BPCIA in the U.S. and equivalents in foreign countries is limited in both time and scope. The BPCIA bars the FDA from approving
biosimilar applications for 12 years after an innovator biological product receives initial marketing approval, however it does not bar
the FDA from approving an identical or similar product that is the subject of its own BLA. Finally, upon the approval of the first BLA
for a biologic designated as an Orphan Drug for a specified indication, the sponsor of that BLA is entitled to 7 years of exclusive marketing
rights in the U.S. for biologic for the particular indication unless the sponsor cannot assure the availability of sufficient quantities
to meet the needs of persons with the disease. In Europe, this exclusivity is 10 years. However, Orphan Drug status for an approved indication
does not prevent another company from seeking approval of a biologic that has other labeled indications that are not under orphan or other
exclusivities. In addition, in the U.S., the FDA is not prevented from approving another biologic for the same labeled Orphan indication
if the company can demonstrate that the other biologic is clinically superior to first approved product. 

Even if we are able to obtain patents, maintain
confidential information, trade secrets, obtain data, and market exclusivity for our product candidates, our competitors may be able to
develop and obtain approval of identical or competing products. 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain
intellectual property protection for our technology and product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained
is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and products similar or identical to ours, and our
ability to successfully commercialize our technology and products may be impaired. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability
to obtain and maintain patent protection in the U.S. and other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and products. We seek
to protect our proprietary position by filing patents in the U.S. and abroad related to our product candidates. Our patent portfolio relating
to the Cell-in-the-Box technology was formerly licensed from Bavarian Nordic/GSF. The Bavarian Nordic/GSF patents covered
capsules encapsulating cells expressing cytochrome P450 and treatment methods using the same. These patents expired on March 27, 2017.
We exclusively license, from UTS, patented Melligen cells, which cover our product candidate for the treatment of diabetes. The patents
are issued in the U.S. and Europe and expire in August 2028. Currently, we do not have any issued patents in any countries covering our
product candidate for the treatment of cancer; we have pending applications in the U.S., Australia and Canada and relating to our product
candidate for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. If issued, such patents would expire in March 2038. 

We cannot estimate the financial or other impact
of the expiration of the Bavarian Nordic/GSF patents or the failure of the USPTO or similar regulatory authorities in other countries
denying the claims we pursue in the U.S. and other countries. 

The patent prosecution and/or patent maintenance
process is expensive and time-consuming. We may not be able to file and prosecute or maintain all necessary or desirable patent applications
or maintain the existing patents at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations
and may choose not to pursue patent protection in certain jurisdictions. Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, patents or other intellectual
property rights may be unavailable or limited in scope. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our discovery
and preclinical development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. 

Moreover, in some circumstances, we do not have
the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that
we license from third parties. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with
the best interests of our business. 

56 

The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical
companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much
litigation. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. For example,
India does not allow patents for methods of treating the human body. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag
the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the U.S. and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 or more months
after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed
in our licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Consequently,
the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Any future patent applications
may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others
from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in
the U.S. and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 

Patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties
and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or licensed patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our owned or licensed
patents. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act Leahy-Smith Act was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith
Act includes several significant changes to patent law in the U.S. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are
prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The USPTO recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration
of the Leahy-Smith Act. Many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, such as the first to file provisions,
only became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation
of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution
of our owned or licensed patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our owned or licensed patents, all of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Also, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance
submission of prior art to the USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter-party review, post-grant review
or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission,
proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology
or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without
infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications
is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current our future product
candidates. 

Even if our owned and licensed patent applications
issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing
with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents
by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. 

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as
to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices
in the U.S. and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated
or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical
technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. Given the amount of time required
for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or
shortly after such candidates are commercialized. Thus, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights
to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 

57 

The risks described elsewhere pertaining to our
patents and other intellectual property rights also apply to the intellectual property rights that we license, and any failure to obtain,
maintain and enforce these rights could have a material adverse effect on our business. In some cases, we may not have control over the
prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of the patents that we license. Moreover, our licensors may fail to take the steps that we believe
are necessary or desirable to obtain, maintain and enforce the licensed patents. Any inability on our part to protect adequately our intellectual
property may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial position. 

If we do not obtain patent and/or data exclusivity for our product
candidates, our business may be materially harmed. 

Our commercial success will largely depend on
our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection and/or data exclusivity under the BPCIA in the U.S.
and other countries with respect to our proprietary technology, product candidates and our target indications. 

If we are unable to obtain patents covering our
product candidates or obtain data and/or marketing exclusivity for our product candidates, our competitors may be able to take advantage
of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data to obtain approval of competing
products, such as a biosimilar, earlier than might otherwise be the case. 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection
depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent
agencies. Our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity
fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent
agencies outside of the U.S. in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental
patent agencies require compliance with numerous procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application
process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured
by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance
can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the
relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect
or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 

Because competition in our industry is intense,
competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our issued patents, patents of our licensors or other intellectual property. To counter
infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Any claims
we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their
patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole
or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue because our
patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of the patents associated
with our business at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. We may also elect to enter license agreements to settle patent
infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay royalties and other
fees that could be significant. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in intellectual property litigation,
there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. 

58 

If we breach any of our license or collaboration
agreements, it could compromise our development and commercialization efforts for our product candidates. 

We have licensed rights to intellectual property
from third parties to commercialize our product candidates, including our Cell-in-a-Box Technology for LAPC and diabetes.
If we materially breach or fail to perform any provision under these license and collaboration agreements, including failure to make payments
to a licensor or collaborator when due for royalties and failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize our
product candidates, such licensors and collaborators have the right to terminate our agreements, and upon the effective date of such termination,
our right to practice the licensed intellectual property would end. Any uncured, material breach under the agreements could result in
our loss of rights to practice the patent rights and other intellectual property licensed to us under the agreements and could result
in the loss of our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates. 

We may need to license certain intellectual
property from third parties, and such licenses may not be available or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. 

A third party may hold intellectual property,
including patent rights, which are important or necessary to the development of our products. It may be necessary for us to use the patented
or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our products, in which case we would be required to obtain a license from
these third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or our business could be harmed, possibly materially. Although we believe that licenses
to these patents may be available from these third parties on commercially reasonable terms, if we were not able to obtain a license,
or are not able to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be harmed, possibly materially. 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings
alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material
adverse effect on the success of our business. 

Our commercial success depends upon our ability,
and the ability of our collaborators, to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies
without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology
and pharmaceutical industries. We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual
property rights with respect to our products and technology, including interference or derivation proceedings before the USPTO and various
governmental patent agencies outside of the U.S. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or
patents that may be granted in the future. 

If we are found to infringe a third party s
intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our
product candidates and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
Even if we could obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed
to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could
be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a
patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business
operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets
of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 

We may not be successful in obtaining or
maintaining necessary rights for its development pipeline through acquisitions and licenses from third parties. 

Because our programs may involve additional product
candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our
ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of
use or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. The licensing and acquisition of third-party
intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and numerous established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire
third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage
over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. 

59 

In addition, companies that perceive us to be
a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual
property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. If we are unable to successfully obtain
rights to required third-party intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and prospects for growth could suffer. 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality
of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 

In addition to seeking patents for some of our
technology and product candidates, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information,
to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering non-disclosure and confidentiality
agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract
manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We seek to protect our confidential proprietary information, in part, by
entering confidentiality agreements with our employees and consultants; however, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered
with all relevant parties. 

Moreover, to the extent we enter such agreements,
any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets to unaffiliated third
parties. We may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated
a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside
the U.S. are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently
developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate them, from using that technology
or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our
competitive position would be harmed. 

The majority of the technology that we license
and use for our product candidates is not protected by patents, but rather is based upon confidential know-how and trade secrets. Confidential
know-how and trade secrets are only protectable to the extent a third party utilizes the confidential know-how or trade secret in an unauthorized
manner; however, if a third party is able to independently duplicate the technology, such as through reverse engineering, without access
to or use of our confidential know-how or trade secret, we would have no recourse. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees,
consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of their former employers or other third
parties. 

We employ individuals and use consultants and
independent contractors who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Although we seek to ensure that
our employees and our consultants and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work
for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used
or disclosed trade secrets, or other confidential information of our employees , consultants or independent contractors 
former employers, clients or other third parties. We may also be subject to claims that former employers or other third parties have an
ownership interest in our patents. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. There is no guarantee of success in defending
these claims, and if we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property
rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Even if we are successful, litigation could result
in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and others working for us. 

In addition, while it is our policy to require
our employees, consultants and independent contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements
assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops
intellectual property that we regard as our own. Our and their assignment agreements may not be self-executing or may be breached, and
we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what
we regard as our intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying
monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we and our licensors are successful in prosecuting
or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

60 

Any trademarks we have obtained or may obtain
may be infringed or successfully challenged, resulting in harm to our business. 

We expect to rely on trademarks as one means to
distinguish any of our drug candidates that are approved for marketing from the products of our competitors. Once we select new trademarks
and apply to register them, our trademark applications may not be approved. Third parties may oppose or attempt to cancel our trademark
applications or trademarks, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. If our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could
be forced to rebrand our drugs, which could result in loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote resources to advertising
and marketing new brands. Our competitors may infringe our trademarks and we may not have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. 

Intellectual property rights do not necessarily
address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 

The degree of future protection afforded by our
intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business,
or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 

others may be able to make compositions that are the same as or like our product candidates, but that are not covered by the claims of any patents that we may own or exclusively license; 

others may be able to make product that is like the product candidates we intend to commercialize that is not covered by any patents that we might own or exclusively license and have the right to enforce; 

we, our licensors or any collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by issued patents or pending patent applications that we may own; 

we, our licensors or any collaborators might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we may own may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable because of legal challenges; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in the U.S. and other countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights, and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; and 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

Risks Related to Our Business Model and Operations 

Development of brand awareness is critical
to our success. 

For certain market segments that we plan to pursue,
the development of our brand awareness is essential for us to reduce our marketing expenditures over time and realize greater benefits
from marketing expenditures. If our brand-marketing efforts are unsuccessful, growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations
would be adversely affected. Our brand awareness efforts have required, and will most likely continue to require, additional expenses
and time of the current senior management team. 

61 

Any weakness in our internal controls could
have a material adverse effect on us. 

As discussed in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, 
the senior management has identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting and cannot assure you that
additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. We cannot assure you that these steps will be successful in preventing
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting in the future. In addition, any such
failure could adversely affect our ability to report financial results on a timely and accurate basis, which could have other material
effects on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Material weaknesses in internal controls
over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information which could have an adverse effect on the trading price of our securities. 

The insurance coverage and reimbursement
status of newly approved products are uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for new or current
products could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 

The availability and extent of reimbursement by
governmental and private payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments. Sales of our products, if approved
will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of our products, if approved, will be paid by
health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government health
administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. If reimbursement is not available, or is available
only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved
reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on
our investment. 

There is significant uncertainty related to the
insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the U.S., the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines
are typically made by the CMS, an agency within the HHS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed
under Medicare. Private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. It is difficult to predict what CMS will decide with respect
to reimbursement for fundamentally novel products such as ours, as there is no body of established practices and precedents for these
new products. Reimbursement agencies in Europe may be more conservative than CMS. For example, several cancer drugs have been approved
for reimbursement in the U.S. and have not been approved for reimbursement in certain European countries. Outside the U.S., international
operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing
emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe, Canada and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and
usage of our product candidates. In many countries, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as
part of national health systems. In general, the prices of medicines under such systems are substantially lower than in the U.S. Other
countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls
or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we can charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets
outside the U.S., the reimbursement for our products may be reduced compared with the U.S. and may be insufficient to generate commercially
reasonable revenues and profits. 

62 

Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and
third-party payors, in the U.S. and abroad, to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and
level of reimbursement for new products approved and, thus, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates.
We expect to experience pricing pressures with the sale of any of our products, if approved, due to the trend toward managed healthcare,
the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs
in general, particularly prescription drugs and biologics and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. Because
of this, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products into the healthcare market. 

In addition to CMS and private payors, professional
organizations such as the National Comprehensive Cancer Network and the American Society of Clinical Oncology can influence decisions
about reimbursement for new medicines by determining standards for care. Many private payors may also contract with commercial vendors
who sell software that provide guidelines that attempt to limit utilization of, and therefore reimbursement for, certain products deemed
to provide limited benefit to existing alternatives. Such organizations may set guidelines that limit reimbursement or utilization of
our products. 

Our employees, consultants and independent
contractors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements,
which could subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation. 

We are exposed to the risk of fraud and other
misconduct by those who work for us. Misconduct by employees, consultants or independent contractors could include failures to comply
with the FCPA or with the DEA, the FDA or the EMA regulations or similar regulations of other foreign regulatory authorities or to provide
accurate information to the DEA, the FDA, the EMA or other foreign regulatory authorities. In addition, misconduct could include failures
to comply with certain manufacturing standards, to comply with U.S. federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations
and similar laws and regulations established and enforced by comparable foreign regulatory authorities, to report financial information
or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. Misconduct by those who work for us could also involve the improper use
of information obtained during our clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. We
have implemented and will enforce a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct
by those who work for us. The precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged
risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with
such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting
our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant
fines or other sanctions. 

Our transactions and relationships outside
the U.S. will be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. 

As we pursue international clinical trials, licensing
and, in the future, sales arrangements outside the U.S., we will be heavily regulated and expect to have significant interaction with
foreign officials. Additionally, in many countries outside the U.S., the health care providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed
by the government and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our interactions with these prescribers and
purchasers would be subject to regulation under the FCPA and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other
countries in which we operate. The FCPA generally prohibits paying, offering or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value,
directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate to influence official action, or otherwise obtain or retain
business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. 

Compliance with these laws and regulations may
be costly and may limit our ability to expand into certain markets. There is no certainty that all our employees, agents, contractors,
or collaborators, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level
of complexity of these laws and regulations. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against
us, our officers, or our employees, the closing down of our facilities, requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business
activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations
could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries and could materially damage our reputation,
our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees and our business, prospects, operating results
and financial condition. 

63 

Product liability lawsuits against us could
cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 

We face an inherent risk of product liability
exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercially
sell any products that we may develop. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products
caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

Decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may develop; 

Injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

Withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

Significant costs to defend the related litigation; 

Substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

Loss of revenue; 

Reduced resources of our management to pursue our business strategy; and 

The inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. 

We currently do not have product liability insurance
because we do not have any products to market. We will need such insurance for clinical trials, if allowed to proceed, and for commercialization
of our products, if approved. Product liability insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance
coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 

We incur increased costs because of operating
as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 

As a public company, we have incurred and are
continuing to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. These expenses may increase. We are subject to, among others, the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Protection Act, as well as rules adopted, and to be adopted, by the Commission. Our management and other personnel devote
a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. 

Moreover, these rules and regulations have substantially
increased our legal and financial compliance costs and made some activities more time-consuming and costlier. The increased costs have
increased our net loss. These rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to maintain sufficient director
and officer liability insurance coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may continue to incur
to respond to these requirements. The ongoing impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on our Board, our Board committees or as executive officers. 

Risk Factors Related to Our Stock and Financial
Condition 

Our common stock is currently listed on Nasdaq.
Market prices for our shares of common stock will be influenced by several factors, including, but not limited to: 

The issuance of new shares pursuant to future offering; 

Changes in interest rates; 

New services or significant contracts and acquisitions; 

Variations in quarterly operating results; 

Change in financial estimates by securities analysts; 

The depth and liquidity of the market for the shares; 

Investor perceptions of us and of investments based in the countries where we do business or conduct research; and 

General economic and other national and international conditions. 

64 

You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity
offerings. 

In order to raise additional capital, we may in
the future offer additional common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices lower than
that paid by existing investors. Investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing
shareholders. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into
common stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid by existing investors. 

We may not be able to meet the continued
listing requirements for Nasdaq or another nationally recognized stock exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions
in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

In order to remain listed on Nasdaq, we will be
required to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq or any other U.S. or nationally recognized stock exchange to which we may
apply and be approved for listing. We may be unable to satisfy these continued listing requirements, and there is no guarantee that our
common stock will remain listed on Nasdaq or any other U.S. or nationally recognized stock exchange. If, after listing, our common stock
is delisted from Nasdaq or any other U.S. or nationally recognized stock exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our common stock; 

reduced liquidity with respect to the market for our common stock; 

a determination that our common stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to different rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common stock; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

decreased ability to issue additional shares of our common stock or obtain additional financing in the future. 

A large number of shares may be issued and subsequently sold
upon the exercise of existing options and warrants and upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

As of July 25, 2023, there were 281,269 shares
of common stock issuable under outstanding options, 18,570,847 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants at
various exercise prices and 68,183,469 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock. To
the extent that holders of existing options or warrants sell the shares of common stock issued upon the exercise of warrants, the market
price of our common stock may decrease due to the additional selling pressure in the market. The risk of dilution from issuances of shares
of common stock underlying existing options and warrants may cause shareholders to sell their common stock, which could further decline
in the market price. 

65 

The requirement
that we redeem the Series B Preferred Stock in cash could adversely affect our business plan, liquidity, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

If not converted, we are required to redeem some
or all of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock for cash under certain circumstances. These obligations could have important
consequences on our business. In particular, they could: 

limit our flexibility in planning
for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate; 
 
 increase our vulnerability to
general adverse economic and industry conditions; and 
 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage
compared to our competitors. 

No assurances can be given that we will be successful
in making the required payments to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock or that we will be able to comply with the financial or
other covenants contained in the Certificate of Designations. If we are unable to make the required cash payments or otherwise comply
with the Certificate of Designations: 

dividends will accrue on the
Series B Preferred Stock at 15 per annum; 
 
 the holders of the Series B
Preferred Stock could foreclose against our assets; and/or 
 
 we could be forced into bankruptcy
or liquidation. 

The terms of the
Series B Preferred Stock could limit our growth and our ability to finance our operations, fund our capital needs, respond to changing
conditions and engage in other business activities that may be in our best interests. 

The Certificate of Designations contains a number
of affirmative and negative covenants regarding matters such as the payment of dividends, maintenance of our properties and assets, transactions
with affiliates, and our ability to issue other indebtedness. 

Our ability to comply with these covenants may
be adversely affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we can maintain compliance with these covenants. The
financial covenants could limit our ability to make needed expenditures or otherwise conduct necessary or desirable business activities. 

We may obtain additional
capital through the issuance of preferred stock, which may limit your rights as a holder of our common stock. 

Without any stockholder vote or action, our Board
may designate and approve for issuance shares of our preferred stock. The terms of any preferred stock may include priority claims to
assets and dividends and special voting rights which could limit the rights of the holders of our common stock. The designation and issuance
of preferred stock favorable to current management or stockholders could make any possible takeover of us or the removal of our management
more difficult. 

66 

We may experience volatility in our stock price, which may adversely
affect the trading price of our common stock. 

We have experienced significant volatility from
time to time in the market price of our shares of common stock. Factors that may affect the market price include the following: 

Announcements of regulatory developments or technological innovations by us or our competitors; 

Changes in our relationship with our licensors and other strategic partners; 

Our quarterly operating results; 

Litigation involving or affecting us; 

Shortfalls in our actual financial results compared to our guidance or the forecasts of stock market analysts; 

Developments in patent or other technology ownership rights; 

Acquisitions or strategic alliances by us or our competitors; 

Public concern regarding the safety of our products; and 

Government regulation of drug pricing. 

The price of our common stock is volatile,
which substantially increases the risk that our investors may not be able to sell their shares at or above the price that the investors
have paid for their shares. 

Because of the price volatility in our shares,
we have observed since its inception, investors in our common stock may not be able to sell their shares when they desire to do so at
a price the investors desire to attain. Over the past twelve months, shares of our common stock were quoted and traded at a high of 3.10
per share and a low of 1.95 per share. The inability to sell securities in a rapidly declining market may substantially increase the
risk of loss because the price of our common stock may suffer greater declines due to the historical price volatility of our shares. Certain
factors, some of which are beyond our control, which may cause our share price to fluctuate significantly include, but are not limited
to, the following: 

Variations in our quarterly operating results; 

Loss of a key relationship or failure to complete significant product candidate milestones timely or at all; 

Additions or departures of key personnel; and 

Fluctuations in the stock market price and volume. 

In addition, in recent years the stock market
in general, and the over-the-counter markets in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. In some cases, these
fluctuations are unrelated or disproportionate to the performance of the underlying company. These market and industry factors may materially
and adversely affect our share price, regardless of our performance or whether we meet our business objectives. In the past, class action
litigation often has been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of those companies common
stock. If we become involved in this type of litigation in the future, it could result in substantial costs and diversion of management
attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on us and the trading price of our common stock. 

67 

We have no plans to pay dividends in the
foreseeable future, and investors may not expect a dividend as a return of or on any investment in us. 

We have not paid dividends on our shares of common
stock and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of the certificate of designations
governing our Series B convertible preferred stock presently restricts our ability to pay dividends. 

We are a smaller reporting company under the SEC s
disclosure rules and have elected to comply with the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

We are a smaller reporting company under the SEC s
disclosure rules, meaning that we have either: 

a public float of less than 250 million; or 

annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year; and 

no public float; or 

a public float of less than 700 million. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are permitted
to comply with scaled-back disclosure obligations in our SEC filings compared to other issuers, including with respect to disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We have elected to adopt the accommodations available to
smaller reporting companies. Until we cease to be a smaller reporting company, the scaled-back disclosure in our SEC filings will result
in less information about our company being available than for other public companies. 

If investors consider our common stock less attractive
as a result of our election to use the scaled-back disclosure permitted for smaller reporting companies, there may be a less active trading
market for our common stock and our share price may be more volatile. 

As a non-accelerated filer, we are not required to comply with
the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

We are a non-accelerated filer under the Exchange
Act, and we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Therefore, our internal controls over financial reporting will not receive the level of review provided by the process relating to the
auditor attestation included in annual reports of issuers that are subject to the auditor attestation requirements. In addition, we cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements.
If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and
trading price for our common stock may be negatively affected. 

68 

Risks Related to Employee and Tax Matters,
Managing Growth and Macroeconomic Conditions 

We have experienced
significant management changes which could increase our control risks and have a material adverse effect on our ability to do business
and our results of operations. 

We have recently experienced
a number of changes in our management, including changes in our Chief Executive Officer and Board. The magnitude of these changes and
the short time interval in which they have occurred add to the risks of control failures, including a failure in the effective operation
of our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures. Control failures could result in material
adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. It may take time for the new management team to become sufficiently
familiar with our business and each other to effectively develop and implement our business strategies. The turnover of key management
positions could further harm our financial performance and results of operations. Management attention may be diverted from regular business
concerns by reorganizations. 

We have a limited number of employees and
are highly dependent on our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Our future success depends on our ability to retain these
officers and other key personnel and to attract, retain and motivate other needed qualified personnel. 

We are an early-stage biotechnology company with
a limited operating history. As of April 30, 2023, we had 2 full-time employees and numerous consultants. We are highly dependent on the
R D, clinical and business development expertise of the principal members of our management, scientific and clinical teams, specifically,
on our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing
and sales and marketing personnel will also be critical to our success. The loss of the services of our Interim Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer or other key employees or consultants could severely impede the achievement of our R D and commercialization
of our product candidates and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. 

Furthermore, replacing executive officers and
key employees and consultants may be difficult and may take an extended period because of the limited number of individuals in our industry
with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize our product
candidates. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel
on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. 

We also experience competition for the hiring
of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on other consultants and advisors,
including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our discovery, preclinical and clinical development and commercialization
strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory
contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality
personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited. 

69 

Our ability to use our net operating loss
carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

As of April 30, 2023, we had federal net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately 56 million, and approximately 47 million for state net operating losses, which will begin to expire
in varying amounts beginning in 2023. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the
Code, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, (generally defined as a
greater than 50-percentage-point cumulative change (by value) in the equity ownership of certain stockholders over a rolling three-year
period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to
offset its post-change taxable income or taxes will be limited to approximately 19 million and 6 million for federal and state, respectively. 

We experienced ownership changes in the past and
could experience one or more ownership changes in the future, some of which are outside our control. Our net operating loss carryforwards
are subject to limitation under state laws. Further, our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards of companies that we may
acquire in the future may also be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that due to tax law changes, such as suspensions on the
use of net operating loss carryforwards, or other unforeseen reasons, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards
and other pre-change tax attributes to offset post-change taxable income or taxes may be subject to limitation or expire. 

We expect to expand our development and
regulatory capabilities and potentially implement sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. Thus, we may encounter difficulties
in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 

We expect to experience significant growth in
the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of drug development, regulatory affairs and, if
any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, sales, marketing and distribution. To manage our anticipated future growth,
we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit
and train additional qualified personnel. Due to our limited financial resources and the limited experience of our management team in
managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and
train additional qualified personnel. The expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and
business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans or disrupt our operations. 

Unfavorable global economic conditions could
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected
by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. The recent global financial crisis related to COVID-19
caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. Also, geopolitical tensions and the conflict between Russia
and Ukraine continue to escalate, and numerous jurisdictions have imposed harsh sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia,
as well as enhanced export controls on certain products and industries. These and any additional sanctions and export controls, as well
as any counter responses by the governments of Russia or other jurisdictions, could adversely affect, directly or indirectly, the global
supply chain, with negative implications on the availability and prices of raw materials, energy prices, and our customers, as well as
the global financial markets and financial services industry. 

A severe or prolonged economic downturn, such
as the recent global financial crisis, could result in a variety of risks to our business, including our ability to raise additional capital
when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply
disruption. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact our business. 

Our business and operations would suffer
in the event of system failures. 

Despite the implementation of security measures,
our internal computer systems and those of our third-party service providers on whom we rely on are vulnerable to damage from computer
viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Furthermore, we have little
or no control over the security measures and computer systems of our third-party service providers. While we and, to our knowledge, our
third-party service providers have not experienced any such system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were
to occur and cause interruptions in our operations or the operations of our third-party service providers, it could result in a material
disruption of our drug development programs. If any disruptions occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

70 

We are subject to legal, regulatory, financial
and other risks with our operations outside the U.S. 

We operate globally and are attempting to develop
products in multiple countries. Consequently, we face complex legal and regulatory requirements in multiple jurisdictions, which may expose
us to certain financial and other risks. International operations are subject to a variety of risks, including: 

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

greater difficulty in overseeing foreign operations; 

logistical and communications challenges; 

potential adverse changes in laws and regulatory practices, including export license requirements, trade barriers, tariffs and tax laws; 

burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; 

political and economic instability; 

increases in duties and taxation; 

foreign tax laws and potential increased costs associated with overlapping tax structures; 

greater difficulty in protecting intellectual property; 

the risk of third-party disputes over ownership of intellectual property and infringement of third-party intellectual property by our products; and 

general social, economic and political conditions in these foreign markets. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal office is located at 3960 Howard
Hughes Parkway, Suite 500, Las Vegas, Nevada 89169 and we lease this space on a month-to-month arrangement. This space consists of approximately
100 square feet of office space plus the use of certain shared facilities, such as a lobby, conference rooms, a kitchen and open workspaces.
We believe this space will be adequate for our operations for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There is no material litigation currently pending
against us or any of our subsidiaries or to which any of our or our subsidiaries property is subject. To our knowledge, there is
no material litigation against any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such, and no such litigation is contemplated by any
governmental authorities. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

71 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our shares of common stock are listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market Nasdaq ), where they have traded under ticker symbol PMCB since initial listing on August 10,
2021. Prior to that, shares of our common stock were quoted on the OTC Link quotation platform of OTC Markets Group, Inc. OTCQB as an Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board company under the classification of OTCQB utilizing the trading symbol PMCB. 

The following table sets forth the post reverse
stock split (1:1500) high and low bid quotations reported on the OTCQB through August 9, 2021 and Nasdaq through April 30, 2023 for our
shares for each quarter during the two fiscal years FYs ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. The prices reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Bid Price 

FY 2023 
 
 HIGH 

LOW 

First Quarter 

2.51 

1.95 

Second Quarter 

3.02 

2.33 

Third Quarter 

3.10 

2.70 

Fourth Quarter 

3.04 

2.78 

FY 2022 

First Quarter 

27.16 

5.56 

Second Quarter 

12.01 

2.25 

Third Quarter 

3.05 

1.89 

Fourth Quarter 

2.51 

1.79 

As of July 25, 2023, there were approximately
1,400 stockholders of record of our common stock. The number of stockholders of record does not include beneficial owners of our securities
whose shares are held in the name of various security brokers, dealers and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not paid and do not plan to pay cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of the certificate of designations governing our Series B convertible preferred stock
presently restricts our ability to pay dividends. Our Board will decide any future payment of dividends, depending on the results of operations,
financial condition, capital requirements and other relevant factors. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

See Item 12 of Part III of this Report regarding
information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

72 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On May 2, 2022, we issued options to purchase
an aggregate of 334 unregistered shares of common stock to one of our directors pursuant to their letter agreements with us. The options
are exercisable for 2.29 per share and vest immediately upon issuance. The non-cash expense for the share issuances totaled 765. 

On May 16, 2022, we issued options to purchase
an aggregate of 334 unregistered shares of common stock to one of our directors pursuant to their letter agreements with us. The options
are exercisable for 2.29 per share and vest immediately upon issuance. The non-cash expense for the share issuances totaled 765. 

On July 1, 2022, we
issued options to purchase an aggregate of 334 unregistered shares of common stock to one of our directors pursuant to their letter agreements
with us. The options are exercisable for 2.24 per share and vest immediately upon issuance. The non-cash expense for the share issuances
totaled 748. 

The foregoing transactions
did not involve any underwriters or any public offering. The sale of the above securities was deemed to be exempt from registration under
the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (and Regulation D promulgated thereunder) or Rule 701 promulgated
under Section 3(b) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. The recipients of the securities
in the transaction represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to, or for sale in connection
with, any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these transactions. All recipients received
or had, through their relationships with us, adequate access to information about us. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The table below summarizes information about the
Company s purchases of its equity securities during the three months ended April 30, 2023. 

Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 
 February 1, 2023 February 28, 2023 
 711,131 
 2.9905 
 711,131 
 8,615,102 
 
 March 1, 2023 March 31, 2023 
 94,433 
 2.9205 
 94,433 
 8,337,421 
 
 April 1, 2023 April 30, 2023 
 609,474 
 2.9989 
 609,474 
 6,497,474 
 
 Total 
 1,415,038 
 2.9895 
 1,415,038 
 6,497,474 

On June 2, 2022, the Company announced that the
Board had authorized a share repurchase program to acquire up to 10 million of the Company s outstanding common stock (the First
Repurchase Program ). The number of shares of common stock repurchased on any given trading day is determined by a formula, which
is based on the market price of the common stock and average daily volumes. The First Repurchase Program expires on May 30, 2024. On January
31, 2023, the Board authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional 10 million of the Company s outstanding
common stock (the Second Repurchase Program and together with the First Repurchase Program, the Repurchase Programs ).
Under the Second Repurchase Program, the shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, privately negotiated
block transactions or other means in accordance with applicable securities laws. For more information on the Repurchase Programs, see
 Note 12 Treasury Stock. 

73 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion may contain forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As described under the caption Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, 
our actual results could differ materially from those discussed here. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, any factors discussed in this section as well as factors described in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and under the caption Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Overview 

We are a biotechnology company focused on developing
and preparing to commercialize cellular therapies for cancer, diabetes and malignant ascites based upon our proprietary cellulose-based
live cell encapsulation technology we refer to as Cell-in-a-Box . We are working to advance clinical research and development
of new cellular-based therapies in oncology and diabetes. 

We are actively engaged preparing for a clinical
trial in LAPC using encapsulated live cells like those used in the previous Phase 1/2 and Phase 2 clinical trials discussed above. 

On September 1, 2020, we submitted an IND to the
FDA for our planned clinical trial in LAPC. On October 1, 2020, we received notice from the FDA that it had placed our IND on clinical
hold. On October 30, 2020, the FDA sent a letter to us setting forth the reasons for the clinical hold and specific guidance on what we
must do to have the clinical hold lifted. 

To address our clinical hold, we assembled a team
of regulatory and scientific experts to respond to the items requested by the FDA. That team has been working to complete the list of
items requested by the FDA. For a complete discussion of what the FDA requires of us and the efforts we have undertaken to lift the clinical
hold, see Item 1. Business under the Section entitled, Clinical Hold of this Report. 

We are also developing a way to delay the production
and accumulation of malignant ascites that results from many types of abdominal cancerous tumors. Our therapy for malignant ascites involves
using the same encapsulated cells we employ for pancreatic cancer but placing the encapsulated cells in the peritoneal cavity of a patient
and administering ifosfamide intravenously. 

In addition to these cancer programs, we have
also been considering ways to exploit the benefits of the Cell-in-a-Box technology to develop therapies for cancer that
involve prodrugs based upon certain constituents of the Cannabis plant. However, until the FDA allows us to commence our clinical
trial in LAPC and we are able to validate our Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation technology in a clinical trial, we are not spending
any further resources developing our Cannabis Program. 

Finally, we have been developing a potential therapy
for Type 1 diabetes and insulin-dependent Type 2 diabetes Our product candidate for the treatment of diabetes consists of encapsulated
genetically modified insulin-producing cells. The encapsulation will be done using the Cell-in-a-Box technology. Implanting
these encapsulated cells in the body is designed to function as a bio-artificial pancreas for purposes of insulin production. 

74 

Reverse Stock Split 

Effective July 12, 2021, we filed a Certificate
of Change to our Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State
that authorized a 1:1500 reverse stock split of our common stock. The reverse stock split resulted in reducing the authorized number of
shares of our common stock from 50 billion to thirty-three million three hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred thirty-four with
a par value of 0.0001 per share. Any fractional shares resulting from the reverse stock split were rounded up to the next whole share.
All warrants, option, share and per share information in this Report gives retroactive effect to such 1:1500 reverse stock split. 

Increase in Authorized Shares 

On March 14, 2023, we filed a Certificate of Change
with the State of Nevada, Secretary of State, to increase the number of authorized shares of our common stock to 133,333,334 shares effective
immediately. The par value remained 0.0001 per share. 

COVID-19 Impact on Our Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

We face the ongoing risk that the coronavirus
pandemic may slow our operations, our preclinical studies or the eventual enrollment of our planned clinical trial. In order to prioritize
patient health and that of the investigators at clinical trial sites, we may need monitor enrollment of patients in our clinical study.
In addition, some patients may be unwilling to enroll in our trials or be unable to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines
or travel restrictions impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. These and other factors outside of our control could
delay our ability to conduct clinical trials or release clinical trial results. In addition, the effects of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic
may also increase non-trial costs such as insurance premiums, increase the demand for and cost of capital, increase loss of work time
from key personnel, and negatively impact our key clinical trial vendors. 

Performance Indicators 

Non-financial performance indicators used by management
to manage and assess how the business is progressing will include, but are not limited to, the ability to: (i) acquire appropriate funding
for all aspects of our operations; (ii) acquire and complete necessary contracts; (iii) complete activities for producing genetically
modified human cells and having them encapsulated for our preclinical studies and the planned clinical trial in LAPC; (iv) have regulatory
work completed to enable studies and trials to be submitted to regulatory agencies; (v) complete all required tests and studies on the
cells and capsules we plan to use in our clinical trial in patients with LAPC; (vi) ensure completion of the production of encapsulated
cells according to cGMP regulations to use in our planned clinical trial; (vii) complete all of the tasked the FDA requires of us in order
to have the clinical hold lifted; and (viii) obtain approval from the FDA to lift the clinical hold on our IND that we may commence our
planned clinical trial in LAPC. 

There are numerous items required to be completed
successfully to ensure our final product candidate is ready for use in our planned clinical trial in LAPC. The effects of material transactions
with related parties, and certain other parties to the extent necessary for such an undertaking, may have substantial effects on both
the timeliness and success of our current and prospective financial position and operating results. Nonetheless, we are actively working
to ensure strong ties and interactions to minimize the inherent risks regarding success. We do not believe there are factors which will
cause materially different amounts to be reported than those presented in this Report. We aim to assess this regularly to provide accurate
information to our shareholders. 

75 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of April 30, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents
totaled approximately 68 million, compared to approximately 85.4 million as of April 30, 2022. Working capital was approximately 67.6
million as of April 30, 2023, and approximately 84.8 million as of April 30, 2022. The decrease in cash is attributable to the repurchase
of our common stock pursuant to the Repurchase Programs, recorded as treasury stock and an increase in our operating expenses. 

2021 Underwritten Offering 

On August 9, 2021, we entered into an underwriting
agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co. Wainwright ), pursuant to which we offered and sold an aggregate of 2,630,385 shares
of common stock, and 899,027 pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock, and common warrants to purchase 4,028,528 shares of common
stock (the First 2021 Offering ). The common warrants sold in the First 2021 Offering have an exercise price of 4.25 per
share, were exercisable immediately upon issuance, and expire five years following the date of issuance. The pre-funded warrants sold
in the First 2021 Offering have an exercise price of 0.001 per share, were exercisable immediately upon issuance, and do not have an
expiration date. The gross proceeds of the First 2021 Offering were 15 million, before deduction of underwriting discounts, commissions,
and estimated offering expenses. 

Wainwright acted as the exclusive placement agent
for the Second 2021 Offering pursuant to an engagement letter with the Company dated April 26, 2021 (the Wainwright Engagement
Letter ). Pursuant to the Wainwright Engagement Letter and in connection with the First 2021 Offering, we paid Wainwright a placement
agent fee equal to 7.5 of the aggregate gross proceeds and a management fee equal to 1.0 of the gross proceeds, and we issued Wainwright
warrants to purchase up to [ ] shares of common stock (the Placement Agent Warrants ). The Placement Agent Warrants have
an exercise price of 6.25 per share, were exercisable immediately upon issuance, and expire five years following the date of issuance. 

In August 2021, we received twenty-seven (27)
exercise notices from holders of the common warrants issued in the First 2021 Offering, pursuant to which we received approximately 10,720,000
and issued 2,522,387 shares of common stock (the 2021 Warrant Exercises ). 

2021 Registered Direct Offering and Concurrent
Private Placement 

On August 19, 2021, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which we sold (i) 8,430,000 shares of common stock and pre-funded
warrants to purchase up to 5,570,000 shares of common stock in a registered direct offering and (ii) unregistered warrants to purchase
up to 7,000,000 shares of common stock (the Series A Warrants in a concurrent private placement (collectively, the Second
2021 Offering ). The pre-funded warrants sold in the Second 2021 Offering have an exercise price of 0.001 per share, were exercisable
immediately upon issuance, and do not have an expiration date. The Series A Warrants have an exercise price of 5.00 per share, were exercisable
immediately upon issuance, and expire five years following the date of issuance. 

Wainwright acted as the exclusive placement agent
for the Second 2021 Offering pursuant to the Wainwright Engagement Letter. Pursuant to such engagement letter and in connection with the
Second 2021 Offering, we paid Wainwright a placement agent fee equal to 7.5 of the aggregate gross proceeds and a management fee equal
to 1.0 of the gross proceeds, and we issued Wainwright an additional 1,050,000 Placement Agent Warrants. We received gross proceeds from
the Second 2021 Offering, before deducting placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, of approximately
 70 million. On November 17, 2021, our Registration Statement on Form S-3 registering the resale of the shares of common stock underlying
the Series A Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Commission ). 

During the year ended April 30, 2022, we received
approximately 87.4 million from the First 2021 Offering, the Second 2021 Offering and the 2021 Warrant Exercises. 

76 

Repurchase Programs 

Pursuant to the First Repurchase Program, we may
acquire up to 10 million of our outstanding shares of common stock, as determined by a formula based on the market price of the common
stock and average daily volumes. Pursuant to the Second Repurchase Program, we may acquire up to 10 million of our outstanding shares
of common stock from time to time in open market transactions, privately negotiated block transactions or other means in accordance with
applicable securities laws. For more information on the Repurchase Programs, see Note 12 Treasury Stock. 

Other Liquidity Matters 

We have no other off-balance sheet arrangements
that could have a material current effect or that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

To meet our short and long-term liquidity needs,
we expect to use existing cash balances and a variety of other means. Other sources of liquidity could include additional potential issuances
of debt or equity securities in public or private financings, partnerships, collaborations and sale of assets. Our history of operating
losses and liquidity challenges may make it difficult for us to raise capital on acceptable terms or at all. The demand for the equity
and debt of pharmaceutical companies like ours is dependent upon many factors, including the general state of the financial markets. During
times of extreme market volatility, capital may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain such additional
capital could materially and adversely affect our business operations. Our future capital requirements are difficult to forecast and will
depend on many factors, but we believe that our cash on hand will enable us to fund operating expenses for at least the next 12 months
following the issuance of our consolidated financial statements. 

Year ended April 30, 2023, compared to year
ended April 30, 2022 

Revenue 

We had no revenues in the fiscal years ended April
30, 2023, and 2022. 

Operating Expenses 

Our total operating expenses during the year ended
April 30, 2023 were 6,455,494, representing an increase of 2,063,480 compared to the year ended April 30, 2022. The increase is mainly
attributable to increases in director fees and legal and professional expenses, net of decreases in R D costs and compensation expense. 

Operating expenses: 
 
 Year ended 
April 30, 
2023 

Change - 
Increase 
(Decrease) 
and Percent 

Year ended 
April 30, 
2022 

R D 

468,536 

(222,401) 

690,937 

(32) 

Compensation expense 

1,234,956 

(309,795) 

1,544,751 

(20) 

Director fees 

951,347 

694,857 

256,490 

271 

General and administrative, legal and professional 

3,800,655 

1,900,819 

1,899,836 

100 

77 

Loss from Operations 

Loss from operations during the year ended April
30, 2023 was 6,455,494, an increase of 2,063,480 compared to the year ended April 30, 2022. The increase is mainly attributable to increases
in director fees and legal and professional expenses, and consulting expenses in 2023 from 2022, net of decreases in R D costs and
compensation expense. See the table under Operating Expenses above for more detail. 

Other Income (Expenses), Net 

Other income, net for the year ended April 30,
2023, was 2,139,501, as compared to other income, net of 152,853 in the year ended April 30, 2022. Other income, net for the year ended
April 30, 2023 is attributable to interest income of 1,937,499 net settlement of accounts payable of 152,976 and net of other income
and expense of 49,026. Other income, net for the year ended April 30, 2022 is attributable to interest income of 157,645 net of interest
expense and other expenses of 4,792. 

Discussion of Operating, Investing and Financing
Activities 

The following table presents a summary of our
sources and uses of cash for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Year Ended 
April 30, 
2023 

Year Ended 
April 30, 
2022 

Net cash used in operating activities: 

(3,793,731) 

(4,117,319) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities: 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities: 

(13,559,743) 

87,311,244 

Effect of currency rate exchange 

(7,246) 

4,625 

Increase (decrease) in cash 

(17,360,720) 

83,198,550 

Operating Activities: 

The cash used in operating activities for the
years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 is a result of our net losses offset by securities issued for services and compensation, changes to
prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Investing Activities : 

We had no investing activities for the years ended
April 30, 2023, and 2022. 

Financing Activities: 

The cash used in financing activities for the
year ended April 30, 2023 was mainly attributable to the Repurchase Programs, and the cash provided for the year ended April 30, 2022,
is mainly attributable to the proceeds from the First 2021 Offering and the Second 2021 Offering. 

78 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). We are required to make assumptions and estimates
about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and the related
disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management
believes to be relevant at the time our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting
policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our Consolidated Financial Statements are presented fairly and in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from
our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

Our significant accounting policies are discussed
in Note 2 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Report. Management believes that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating
our reported financial results and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments resulting from the need
to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates
and related disclosures with our Board. 

Research and Development Expenses 

R D expenses consist of costs incurred for
direct and overhead-related research expenses and are expensed as incurred. Costs to acquire technologies, including licenses, which are
utilized in R D and that have no alternative future use are expensed when incurred. Technology developed for use in our product candidates
is expensed as incurred until technological feasibility has been established. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Our stock-based compensation plans are described
in Note 4 and 5 of the Notes of the Consolidated Financial Statements to this Report. We follow the provisions of ASC 718, Compensation
- Stock Compensation ASC 718 ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based
awards made to employees. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share 

Basic net income (loss) per share of common stock
is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted net income (loss) per share of common stock
is computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and shares of common stock equivalents outstanding. Potentially
dilutive stock options and warrants to purchase 10,172,116 and 10,813,635 post reverse stock split shares of common stock at April 30,
2023 and 2022, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted net income (loss) per share because the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

During the current and prior year, there were
no new accounting pronouncements that need to be disclosed in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company and are not
required to include information called for by this Item 7A. 

79 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as of April 30,
2023 and 2022, and our Consolidated Statements of Operations, Comprehensive Loss, Stockholders Equity and Cash Flows for each of the years
in the years ended April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022, and associated Notes and Schedules, together with the reports thereon of our independent
registered public accounting firm, are set forth on pages F-1 to F-27 of this Report and are incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Interim Chairman, Interim Chief Executive
Officer and Interim President, as our principal executive officer Chief Executive Officer ), and our Chief Financial Officer,
as our principal financial officer Chief Financial Officer ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit to the Commission pursuant
to the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the period specified by the Commission s rules and forms
and are accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that, as of April 30, 2023, certain of our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting. This is described below in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting as that term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f).
Our internal controls over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected in a timely basis. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, based on the criteria outlined in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and identified the following material
weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting: 

Insufficient Segregation of Duties of the Chief Financial Officer . We have delegated some of the duties of our Chief Financial Officer to other personnel within the Company and have added review and approval processes performed by the Chief Executive Officer. However, we have determined that we still have insufficient segregation of the duties of our Chief Financial Officer. We plan to hire an additional person to work for our Chief Financial Officer to enable sufficient segregation of his duties. 

Because of this material weakness, our Interim
Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of April 30, 2023, our internal controls over financial reporting
were not effective based on the COSO criteria. 

We plan to make changes to our procedures and
controls that we believe are reasonably likely to strengthen and materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

80 

Prior to the remediation of our material
weakness, there remains risk that the processes and procedures on which we currently rely will fail to be sufficiently effective, which
could result in material misstatement of our financial position or results of operations and require a restatement. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls - even where we conclude the controls are operating effectively - can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues, including instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of a person, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the
controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events;
accordingly, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Over time, our control systems, as we develop them, may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected and could be material to our financial statements. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

Effective October 6, 2022, the former Chairman
of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and General Counsel, Mr. Kenneth L. Waggoner, resigned from all positions with the Company
and its subsidiaries. Also effective October 6, 2022, the Board approved the employment of Mr. Joshua N. Silverman as the Interim Chairman
of the Board, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President. 

Other than described above in this Item 9A, there
were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

The Certifications of our Principal Executive
and Principal Financial Officer required in accordance with Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 Certifications are attached to this Report. The disclosures set forth in this Item 9A contain information
concerning: (i) the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, and changes in internal control over financial reporting, referred
to in paragraph 4 of the Certifications; and (ii) material weaknesses in the design or operation of our internal control over financial
reporting, referred to in paragraph 5 of the Certifications. The Certifications should be read in conjunction with this Item 9A for a
more complete understanding of the matters covered by the Certifications. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Also, controls can be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The
design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

81 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

As of July 15, 2023, our directors and executive
officers are: 

Age 
 Position 
 
 Joshua N. Silverman 
 53 
 Interim Chairman of the Board, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President 
 
 Carlos A. Trujillo 
 65 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Jonathan L. Schechter 
 49 
 Director 
 
 Robert Weinstein 
 63 
 Director 
 
 Wayne R. Walker 
 63 
 Director 
 
 Michael M. Abecassis 
 65 
 Director 

Joshua N. Silverman 

Joshua Silverman has served as a director of the Company since August
2022 and as our Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President and Interim Chairman of the Board since October 2022. Mr. Silverman
has served as the managing member of Parkfield Funding LLC since August 2016. Mr. Silverman co-founded Iroquois Capital Management, LLC Iroquois ), an investment advisory firm, in 2003 and served as its principal, managing partner and co-chief investment officer
until July 2016. While at Iroquois, he designed and executed complex transactions, structuring and negotiating investments in both public
and private companies and has often been called upon by the companies solve inefficiencies as they relate to corporate structure, cash
flow, and management. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Silverman served as co-chief investment officer of Vertical Ventures, LLC, a merchant bank.
Prior to forming Iroquois, Mr. Silverman was a director of Joele Frank, a boutique consulting firm specializing in mergers and acquisitions.
Previously, Mr. Silverman served as assistant press secretary to the president of the United States. Mr. Silverman currently serves as
a director of AYRO, Inc. (Nasdaq: AYRO), MyMD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: MYMD), Synaptogenix, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPX) and Petros Pharmaceutical,
Inc. (Nasdaq: PTPI). He previously served as a director of Marker Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: MRKR) from 2016 until 2018 and Protagenic
Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: PTIX) from 2016 to 2022. Mr. Silverman received his B.A. from Lehigh University in 1992. Mr. Silverman was
chosen as a director of the Company because of his experience as an investment banker, as a management consultant and as a director of
numerous public companies. 

Jonathan L. Schechter 

Jonathan L. Schechter has served as a director
of the Company since August 2022. Mr. Schechter has served as the Director of Investment Banking at Chardan Capital Markets, a full-service
investment bank, since February 2008. He has served as a partner of The Special Equities Group, a division of Dawson James Securities,
Inc., a full-service investment bank specializing in healthcare, biotechnology, technology, and clean-tech sectors, since April 2021.
Mr. Schechter is one of the founding partners of The Special Equities Opportunity Fund, a long-only fund that makes direct investments
in micro-cap companies and has served in this capacity since August 2019. He currently serves on the board of directors of Synaptogenix,
Inc., (Nasdaq: SNPX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, and previously served as a director of DropCar, Inc. He has received
formal education in finance and accounting and has extensive experience analyzing and evaluating the financial statements of public companies.
Mr. Schechter earned his A.B. in Public Policy/Political Science from Duke University and his J.D. from Fordham University School of Law.
Mr. Schechter was chosen as a director of the Company because of his lengthy public company, legal and investment banking experience. 

82 

Michael M. Abecassis 

Michael M. Abecassis, MD has served as a director
of the Company since July 2017. Since November 2019, Dr. Abecassis has been Dean of the University of Arizona College of Medicine 
Tucson, and following postgraduate training at the University of Toronto, Dr. Abecassis began his professional career as Assistant Professor
of Surgery and Director of Liver Transplantation and Hepatobiliary Surgery at the University of Iowa. In 1992, Dr. Abecassis became Northwestern
University s Director of Liver Transplantation, where he initiated Northwestern s liver transplant program. In 2004, Dr. Abecassis
was named Chief of the Division of Transplantation at the Feinberg School of Medicine, and the James Roscoe Miller Distinguished Professor
with Tenure at Feinberg. He then became Founding Director of the Comprehensive Transplant Center at Northwestern in 2009. He was appointed
Dean for Clinical Affairs at the Feinberg School of Medicine in 2008, serving until 2011. Dr. Abecassis received continuous funding from
the National Institutes of Health NIH for 20+ consecutive years as principal investigator in research studies that include
both laboratory and clinical studies. Dr. Abecassis is a member in good standing of several important professional societies, including
the Society of University Surgeons and the American Surgical Association, and was elected President of the American Society of Transplant
Surgeons from 2010-2011. He has served on the Editorial Boards of major scientific journals related to the fields of Hepato-pancreatico-biliary
(HPB) and transplant surgery. He has served as a member of NIH grant study sections and special emphasis panels relating to both transplantation
and virology. He served as a permanent member of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases study section for career development
and training grants. Dr. Abecassis has been a course director for the American Society of Transplant Surgeons Leadership Development Program
for the Advanced Leader Development Program in 2013 at Northwestern s Kellogg School of Management. He was a voting member of the
Medicare Coverage Advisory Committee and served on the United HealthCare Group Physician Advisory Board on Healthcare Performance and
Quality. Dr. Abecassis has been a member of various local, regional and national regulatory committees and has published seminal papers
on both the regulatory and financial aspects of transplantation, including the Healthcare Reform and the Affordable Care Act. Dr. Abecassis
received his Medical Degree from the University of Toronto in 1983 and was awarded a Master of Business Administration degree from the
Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in 2000. Dr. Abecassis was also a co-founder of Transplant Genomics Inc., a company
focused on developing, validating and commercializing molecular biomarkers for transplant rejection, and currently a subsidiary of Eurofins
Diagnostics. Dr. Abecassis was chosen as a director of the Company because of the combination of his clinical training and experience
in HPB diseases (e.g. liver and pancreatic cancer), his research background in related areas, and his experience with the regulatory and
business aspects of translation and commercialization of research efforts. 

Robert Weinstein 

Robert Weinstein has served as a director of the
Company since November 2022. Mr. Weinstein has served as chief financial officer of Synaptogenix, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPX since October 2013.
In addition, Mr. Weinstein performs work as a consultant for Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: PTPI). He has extensive accounting
and finance experience, spanning more than 30 years, as a public accountant, investment banker, healthcare private equity fund principal
and chief financial officer. From September 2011 to the present, Mr. Weinstein has also been an independent consultant for several healthcare
companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. From March 2010 to August 2011, he was the chief financial officer of Green
Energy Management Services Holdings, Inc., an energy consulting company. From August 2007 to February 2010, Mr. Weinstein served as chief
financial officer of Xcorporeal, Inc., a development-stage medical device company which was sold in March 2010 to Fresenius Medical USA,
a leading provider of dialysis equipment and services worldwide. Mr. Weinstein also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of XWELL,
Inc. (formerly XpresSpa Group, Inc.) (Nasdaq: XWEL), a health and wellness company whose core assets, XpresSpa and XpresCheck , is
a leading airport retailer of spa services and related health and wellness products and Oblong, Inc. which provides multi-stream collaboration
technologies and managed services for video collaboration and network applications in the United States and internationally. Mr. Weinstein
received his MBA degree in finance and international business from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business, is a Certified
Public Accountant (inactive), and received his BS degree in accounting from the State University of New York at Albany. Mr. Weinstein
was chosen as a director of the Company because of his public company and financial expertise. 

83 

Wayne R. Walker 

Wayne R. Walker has served as a director of the
Company since December 2022. Mr. Walker has over 35 years of experience in corporate governance, turnaround management, corporate restructuring
and bankruptcy matters. In 1998, Mr. Walker founded Walker Nell Partners, Inc., an international business consulting firm, and has served
as its president from its founding to the present. Before founding Walker Nell Partners, Inc., Mr. Walker worked for 15 years at the DuPont
Company in Wilmington, Delaware in the Securities and Bankruptcy group, where he worked in the Corporate Secretary s office and
served as Senior Counsel. From 2022 to present, Mr. Walker has served as a director of AMMO, Inc. (Nasdaq: POWW), a designer, producer,
and marketer of ammunition products. From December 2020 to the present, Mr. Walker has served as a director of AYRO, Inc. (Nasdaq: AYRO),
a designer and manufacturer of compact, sustainable electric vehicles. From 2018 to the present, Mr. Walker has served as a director of
Wrap Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: WRAP), an innovator of modern policing solutions, where he also serves as chairman of the board. From
2018 to the present, Mr. Walker has served as a director of Pitcairn Company and as the Chair of its Compensation Committee. From 2013
to 2014, Mr. Walker served as chairman of the board of directors of BridgeStreet Worldwide, Inc., a global provider of extended corporate
housing. From 2016 to 2018, Mr. Walker served as chairman of the board of directors of Last Call Operating Companies, an owner of various
national restaurants. From 2013 to 2020, Mr. Walker served as chairman of the board of trustees of National Philanthropic Trust, a public
charity. From 2018 to 2020, Mr. Walker served as Vice President of the Board of Education of the City of Philadelphia. From 2020 to the
present, Mr. Walker has served as a director of Petros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: PTPI), which focuses on men s health. Mr.
Walker has also served on the board of directors for numerous other companies and foundations including Seaborne Airlines, Inc., Green
Flash Brewery, Inc., and Eagleville Hospital and Foundation. Mr. Walker has a J.D. from Catholic University (Washington, DC) and a Bachelor
of Arts from Loyola University (New Orleans). He is an attorney licensed by the State Bar of Georgia. He is a member of the State Bar
Association of Georgia, American Bar Association, American Bankruptcy Institute and Turnaround Management Association. Mr. Walker was
chosen as a director of the Company because of his extensive board experience. 

Carlos A. Trujillo 

Carlos A. Trujillo has been our Chief Financial
Officer since March 2017. He began working for us as an independent contractor in September 2014. In January 2015, Mr. Trujillo became
a full-time employee as the Vice President of Finance of both us and Viridis Biotech, and in March 2017, Mr. Trujillo was appointed as
our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Trujillo has over three decades of experience in management, business, operations, and financial accounting.
Mr. Trujillo is a Certified Public Accountant with an active license from the State of California. He has more than three decades of experience
in finance, accounting, and management. Mr. Trujillo started his career in public accounting and was the manager of an audit department
for a regional public accounting firm. Mr. Trujillo then established a consulting and accounting practice which he operated for ten years
and provided services as the Chief Financial Accountant to numerous organizations in several different industries. His experience has
extended to companies in the biotechnology, telecommunications, manufacturing, construction, and real estate development sectors. For
the last fifteen years, Mr. Trujillo has been the Chief Financial Officer for both privately held and publicly traded and multinational
companies. From June 2008 through September 2014, Mr. Trujillo was the Chief Financial Officer of VelaTel Global Communications, Inc.
As a result, he brings experience to us in preparing and filing periodic reports with the Commission, in mergers and acquisitions and
in the filing of comprehensive financial statements. Mr. Trujillo received his Bachelor of Accounting degree from California State University,
Fullerton in 1982. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our executive
officers, directors and significant employees. 

Legal Proceedings 

As of April 30, 2023, our personnel do not have
any involvement in legal proceedings requiring disclosure pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

84 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board has adopted a written Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics, an Insider Trading Policy and Software Policies that apply to our directors, officers, employees and contractors.
These documents can be viewed and downloaded from the Governance dropdown menu of our website under the Company 
tab. The content of these documents is not incorporated into this Form 10-K. 

Corporate Governance and Committees 

Board Leadership and Structure 

The Chairman of the Board presides at all meetings
of the Board. Mr. Silverman serves as the Interim Chairman of the Board and as our Interim Chief Executive Officer, and Interim President. 

The Board does not have a policy on whether or
not the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board should be separate. The Board believes that it should be free to make
a choice from time to time in any manner that is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee is currently comprised of
Robert Weinstein, Wayne R. Walker, and Jonathan L. Schechter. The Chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. Weinstein. The primary purposes
of our Audit Committee are to assist the Board in fulfilling its legal and fiduciary obligations with respect to matters involving the
accounting, auditing, financial reporting, internal control, legal compliance and risk management functions of the Company, including,
assisting the Board s oversight of: (i) the integrity of our financial statements; (ii) the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting; (iii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) the qualifications and independence of our
independent registered public accounting firm; and (v) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public
accounting firm. 

Our Board has determined that each member of our
Audit Committee is independent within the meaning of the rules of Nasdaq. Our Board has determined that the Chairman of the Audit Committee,
Mr. Weinstein, is an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the
Exchange Act. 

A copy of the Audit Committee s written
charter is publicly available on our website at ir.pharmacyte.com/governance-docs . 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee is currently comprised
of Mr. Walker, Dr. Abecassis and Mr. Schechter. The Chairperson of the Compensation Committee is Mr. Schechter. The primary purposes of
our Compensation Committee are: (i) to establish and maintain our executive compensation policies and compensation consistent with corporate
objectives and stockholder interests; (ii) to oversee the competency and qualifications of our senior management personnel and the provisions
of senior management succession planning; and (iii) to advise the Board with respect to director compensation issues. 

The Compensation Committee, which is composed
of independent directors, provides overall guidance for our executive compensation policies and determines the value and elements of compensation
for our executive officers. 

A copy of the Compensation Committee s written charter is publicly
available on our website at ir.pharmacyte.com/governance-docs . 

85 

Nominating Committee 

The Nominating Committee is currently comprised
of Mr. Walker, Mr. Schechter, and Mr. Weinstein. The Chairperson of the Nominating Committee is Mr. Weinstein. 

The primary purposes of the Nominating Committee
are: (i) to recommend to the Board the nomination of individuals who are qualified to serve as our directors and on committees of the
Board; (ii) to advise the Board with respect to the composition, size, structure and procedures of the Board; (iii) to advise the Board
with respect to the composition, size and membership of the Board s committees; (iv) to advise the Board with respect to corporate
governance principles applicable to the Company; and (v) to oversee the evaluation of the Board as a whole and the evaluation of its individual
members standing for re-election. The Nominating Committee also has responsibility for reviewing and approving all transactions that are
 related party transactions under the Commission s rules. 

The Nominating Committee does not set specific,
minimum qualifications that nominees for director must meet in order for the Nominating Committee to recommend them to the Board, but
rather believes that each nominee should be evaluated based on his or her individual merits, considering our needs and the composition
of the Board. Members of the Nominating Committee discuss and evaluate possible candidates in detail and suggest individuals to explore
in more depth. Once a candidate is identified whom the Nominating Committee wants to seriously consider and move toward nomination, the
Chairman of the Nominating Committee enters into a discussion with that nominee candidate. Subsequently, the Chairperson will discuss
the qualifications of the candidate with the other members of the Nominating Committee, and the Nominating Committee will then make a
final recommendation with respect to that candidate to the Board. 

If a stockholder wishes to propose a candidate
for consideration as a nominee for election to our Board, it must follow the procedures described in Stockholder Proposals and
Nominations for Director at the end of this proxy statement. In general, persons recommended by stockholders will be considered
in accordance with our Nominating Committee s written charter. Any such recommendation should be made in writing to the Nominating
Committee, care of our Interim President at our principal office and should be accompanied by the following information concerning each
recommending stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made: 

all information relating to
such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement; 
 
 certain biographical and share
ownership information about the stockholder and any other proponent, including a description of any derivative transactions in the Company s
securities; 
 
 a description of certain arrangements
and understandings between the proposing stockholder and any beneficial owner and any other person in connection with such stockholder
nomination; and 
 
 a statement whether or not either
such stockholder or beneficial owner intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of voting shares sufficient to
carry the proposal. 

The recommendation must also be accompanied by
the following information concerning the proposed nominee: 

certain biographical information
concerning the proposed nominee; 
 
 all information concerning the
proposed nominee required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors; 
 
 certain information about any
other security holder of the Company who supports the proposed nominee; 
 
 a description of all relationships
between the proposed nominee and the recommending stockholder or any beneficial owner, including any agreements or understandings regarding
the nomination; and 
 
 additional disclosures relating
to stockholder nominees for directors, including completed questionnaires and disclosures required by our Bylaws. 

86 

The recommendation must also be accompanied by the following information
concerning the proposed nominee: 

certain biographical information
concerning the proposed nominee; 
 
 all information concerning the
proposed nominee required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors; 
 
 certain information about any
other security holder of the Company who supports the proposed nominee; 
 
 a description of all relationships
between the proposed nominee and the recommending stockholder or any beneficial owner, including any agreements or understandings regarding
the nomination; and 
 
 additional disclosures relating
to stockholder nominees for directors, including completed questionnaires and disclosures required by our Bylaws. 

A copy of the Nominating Committee s written charter is publicly
available on our website at ir.pharmacyte.com/governance-docs . 

Board Practices 

Our business and affairs are managed under the
direction of our Board. The primary responsibilities of our Board are to provide oversight, strategic guidance, counseling and direction
to our senior management. 

Policy Regarding Board Attendance 

Our directors are expected to attend meetings
of the Board as frequently as necessary to properly discharge their responsibilities and to spend the time needed to prepare for each
such meeting. If an annual meeting of stockholders is held, our directors are expected to attend that meeting, but we do not have a formal
policy requiring them to do so. One director attended our annual meeting of stockholders held in December 2022. 

Shareholder Communications 

We have a process for shareholders who wish to
communicate with our Board. Shareholders who wish to communicate with our Board may write to the Board at 3960 Howard Hughes Parkway,
Suite 500, Las Vegas, NV 89169. These communications will be reviewed by our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.
Communications will be then distributed to our board of directors, or to any individual director or directors as appropriate, depending
on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. Items that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board
may be excluded, such as: 

junk mail and mass mailings; 

resumes and other forms of job inquiries; 

surveys; and 

solicitations or advertisements 

In addition, any material that is unduly hostile,
threatening, or illegal in nature may be excluded, in which case it will be made available to any outside director upon request. 

87 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

This section discusses the material components
of the executive compensation program for our executive officers who are named in the Summary Compensation Table below (each
a Named Executive Officer ), as well as the director compensation program for our directors. As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis and have elected to comply with the scaled disclosure requirements
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

For our fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, our
Named Executive Officers and their positions were as follows: 

Joshua N. Silverman, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President and Interim Chairman of the Board; 

Kenneth L. Waggoner, Former Chief Executive Officer,
 President, General Counsel and Chairman of the Board (2); 

Gerald W. Crabtree, Former Chief Scientific Officer and Director (3); and 

Carlos A. Trujillo, Chief Financial Officer and Director. 

The following tables provide information about
compensation earned by our Named Executive Officers during our fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name 
 Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards )(1) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Joshua N. Silverman 
 Interim Chief Executive 
 2023 
 197,917 

197,917 

Officer and Interim President 
 2022 

Kenneth L. Waggoner (3) 
 Former Chief Executive 
 2023 
 433,334 
 
 4,000 
 3,889 
 441,223 

Officer, President and 
 2022 
 674,295 
 212,049 
 18,080 
 14,727 
 919,151 

General Counsel 

Gerald W. Crabtree, (4) 
 Former Chief Scientific 
 2023 
 64,695 
 
 667 
 1,296 
 66,658 

Officer 
 2022 
 128,827 
 
 3,013 
 4,909 
 136,749 

Carlos A. Trujillo 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2023 
 380,000 
 
 2,667 
 2,592 
 385,259 

2022 
 485,577 
 124,402 
 12,053 
 9,819 
 631,851 

(1) The amounts in the columns titled Stock
Awards and Option Awards reflect the grant date fair values of awards made during the identified fiscal year, as
computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and the assumptions stated in Note 4 and Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements
to this Report. 

(2) Includes 10,417 of compensation for Mr. Silverman s
service as a member of the board of directors. 

(3) Mr. Waggoner resigned from all positions with
the Company and its subsidiaries effective October 6, 2022. 

(4) Dr. Crabtree resigned from all positions with
the Company and its subsidiaries effective October 12, 2022. 

88 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation
Table 

Employment Arrangements 

Joshua N. Silverman 

On November 14, 2022, the Board approved employment
of Mr. Silverman as the Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President and Interim Chairman of the Board on a month-to-month basis,
and it further approved paying Mr. Silverman a monthly salary of 31,250. 

Kenneth L. Waggoner 

On May 8, 2022, we entered into an Amended and
Restated Executive Compensation Agreement with Mr. Waggoner (the Waggoner Compensation Agreement ), effective as of January
1, 2022. The Waggoner Compensation Agreement provided that Mr. Waggoner would serve as a member of our Board, as our Chief Executive Officer,
President and General Counsel and as the Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel of our subsidiary Viridis Biotech, Inc. Under this
agreement, Mr. Waggoner was paid a base salary of 520,000 subject to annual increases in the discretion of our Compensation Committee
and was eligible to receive cash incentive compensation Bonus ). Mr. Waggoner was eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan.
On May 20, 2022, the Compensation Committee granted Mr. Waggoner (i) a stock option grant to purchase 529,000 shares of common stock exercisable
over a ten-year term at an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant, vesting at the
rate of 25 immediately and the remaining vesting monthly over three years from the date of grant (approximately 11,000 option shares
per month), and (ii) a grant of 150,800 restricted stock units, vesting at the rate of 25 immediately and an additional 25 on each anniversary
of the grant date. 

On October 6, 2022, Mr. Waggoner resigned from
all positions with the Company and its subsidiaries, effective immediately. In connection with Mr. Waggoner s departure, on October
6, 2022, the Company entered into a Separation, Consulting and Release Agreement with Mr. Waggoner (the Separation Agreement ).
The Separation Agreement became effective on October 13, 2022 (the Effective Date ). Pursuant to the Separation Agreement,
the Company agreed to pay Mr. Waggoner a lump sum payment of 216,667. Mr. Waggoner is entitled to continued medical and health benefits
at his sole expense and retains his option to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock of the Company and 23,000 restricted stock units
previously granted to Mr. Waggoner. The Separation Agreement includes mutual releases of claims, by Mr. Waggoner in favor of the Company
and certain Company Parties (as defined therein) and by the Company in favor of Mr. Waggoner, and mutual non-disparagement obligations
on Mr. Waggoner and on the Company. Mr. Waggoner remains subject to certain restrictive covenants, including any confidentiality, non-compete,
non-solicit, invention assignment, or similar agreement or arrangement to which he is a party with any member of the Company Group and
other provisions of the Waggoner Compensation Agreement. During the twelve months immediately following the Separation Date (the Consulting
Period ), Mr. Waggoner agreed to serve as a consultant to facilitate the orderly transfer of work to other employees of the Company.
In consideration for Mr. Waggoner s consulting services, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Waggoner 433,333, payable in twelve installments
at the end of each month of the Consulting Period in arrears. 

Gerald W. Crabtree 

On March 10, 2015, we entered into an Executive
Compensation Agreement with Dr. Crabtree, effective as of January 1, 2015 (as amended on December 30, 2015, March 10, 2017 and October
14, 2020, the Crabtree Compensation Agreement ). The Crabtree Compensation Agreement provided that Dr. Crabtree would serve
as a member of our Board, as our Chief Scientific Officer and as the Chief Scientific Officer of our subsidiary Viridis Biotech. Dr. Crabtree
was paid a base salary of 84,000 subject to annual increases in the discretion of our Compensation Committee. The Crabtree Compensation
Agreement also provided that, during his continued employment, Dr. Crabtree would receive annual stock grants of 400 shares of restricted
common stock, vesting at the rate of 33 shares per month, and an annual stock option grant to purchase 1,000 shares of common stock exercisable
over a five-year term at an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant, vesting at the
rate of 83 option shares per month. 

89 

On August 15, 2022, Mr. Crabtree resigned from
his position as a director, effective immediately, and on October 12, 2022, Mr. Crabtree resigned from his position as Chief Scientific
Officer, effective immediately. In connection with Mr. Crabtree s departure, on October 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Release
Agreement with Mr. Crabtree (the Release Agreement ). The Release Agreement became irrevocable seven days after execution
of the Release Agreement and became effective on October 20, 2022 (the Effective Date ). Pursuant to the Release Agreement,
the Company agreed to pay Mr. Crabtree the aggregate sum of 29,695, which consisted of accrued wages, expense reimbursements, accrued
unused paid time off (less applicable withholdings and deductions), and three months of Mr. Crabtree s base salary as of the separation
date, which salary is payable in substantially equal installments over a three-month period in accordance with the Company s regular
payroll practices. The Release Agreement includes releases of claims by Mr. Crabtree in favor of the Company and certain Released Parties
(as defined therein). Mr. Crabtree remains subject to certain continuing obligations, including a confidentiality agreement to which he
is a party. 

Carlos A. Trujillo 

On May 8, 2022 we entered into an Amended and
Restated Executive Compensation Agreement with Mr. Trujillo Trujillo Compensation Agreement effective as of January 1,
2022. The current term of the Trujillo Compensation Agreement extends until December 31, 2024, with annual extensions at the end of the
term (or any extension of the term) unless we or Mr. Trujillo provide 90-days written notice of termination. 

The Trujillo Compensation Agreement provided that
Mr. Trujillo will serve as a member of our Board, from which he resigned on August 15, 2022, and as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Trujillo
is paid an annual base salary of 380,000, subject to annual increases at the discretion of the Compensation Committee and shall be eligible
to receive an annual Bonus. Mr. Trujillo is eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan. On May 20, 2022, the Compensation Committee granted
Mr. Trujillo (i) a stock option grant to purchase 201,860 shares of common stock exercisable over a ten-year term at an exercise price
per share equal to the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant, vesting at the rate of 25 immediately and the remaining
vesting monthly over three years from the date of grant, approximately 4,200 option shares per month, and (ii) a grant of 57,540 restricted
stock units, vesting at the rate of 25 immediately and an additional 25 on each anniversary of the grant date. 

If Mr. Trujillo s employment is terminated
by us without Cause or by him for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Trujillo Compensation Agreement),
then subject to his execution of a timely release, he is entitled to: (i) severance equal to two times the sum of his base salary at the
time his employment terminates, (ii) payment of the annual bonus, if any, earned by Mr. Trujillo for the year preceding the year of termination,
or, if greater, the target bonus, if any, for the year of termination, (iii) accelerated vesting of any unvested stock or option awards
and (iv) continued health coverage for Mr. Trujillo and his family and life insurance coverage for Mr. Trujillo, if any, at the Company s
expense until the earliest of: (A) the eighteen-month anniversary of termination; (B) the date Mr. Trujillo is no longer eligible to receive
COBRA continuation coverage; and (C) the date on which Mr. Trujillo receives or becomes eligible to receive substantially similar coverage
from another employer. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Mr. Trujillo s
employment is terminated by us without Cause or by him for Good Reason within two years after a Change in Control (as such
term is defined in the Trujillo Compensation Agreement) or within six months prior to a Change in Control, then the base salary and bonus,
if any, component of severance would be paid in lump sum. Also, Mr. Trujillo would be entitled to receive a full Code Section 280G tax
gross-up, with respect to any amounts that may be subject to the excise tax provisions under Code Section 280G. 

If Mr. Trujillo s employment ceases due
to his death, (i) any otherwise unvested equity awards held by him at the time of his death would become vested, (ii) his eligible dependents
would be entitled to continued healthcare coverage at the Company s expense for up to 18 months, and (iii) his designated beneficiary
or estate would receive the proceeds, if any, from any life insurance. 

90 

If Mr. Trujillo s employment is terminated
due to Disability (as such term is defined in the Trujillo Compensation Agreement) he would receive continued health coverage
and life insurance coverage, if any, for 18 months at our expense, as well as any disability benefits payable under any long-term disability
plan or policy we maintain. In addition, any otherwise unvested equity awards would then become vested. 

Additionally, Mr. Trujillo is bound by confidentiality
and non-disparagement provisions as well as non-solicitation and non-competition covenants that apply during the term of his employment
and for twenty-four months after termination of his employment. 

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change-In-Control 

Employment Agreements 

Information regarding potential payments upon termination
or change-in-control pursuant to employment agreements with officers of the Company is set forth above. 

2021 Plan 

Under our 2021 Plan, upon a Change in Control (as
defined in the 2021 Plan), the Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion, take one or more of the following actions: 

cause any or all outstanding awards to become vested and immediately exercisable (as applicable), in whole or in part; 

cause any outstanding option or stock appreciation right to become fully vested and immediately exercisable for a reasonable period in advance of the Change in Control and, to the extent not exercised prior to that Change in Control, cancel that option or stock appreciation right upon closing of the Change in Control; 

cancel any unvested award or unvested portion thereof, with or without consideration; 

cancel any award in exchange for a substitute award; 

redeem any restricted stock or restricted stock unit for cash and/or other substitute consideration with value equal to the fair market value of an unrestricted share on the date of the Change in Control; 

cancel any option or stock appreciation right in exchange for cash and/or other substitute consideration with a value equal to: (a) the number of shares subject to that option or stock appreciation right, multiplied by (b) the difference, if any, between the fair market value on the date of the Change in Control and the exercise price of that option or the base price of the stock appreciation right; provided, that if the fair market value on the date of the Change in Control does not exceed the exercise price of any such option or the base price of any such stock appreciation right, the committee may cancel that option or stock appreciation right without any payment of consideration therefor; and/or 

take such other action as the Compensation Committee determines to be appropriate under the circumstances. 

91 

Further, in the discretion of the Compensation
Committee, any cash or substitute consideration payable upon cancellation of an award may be subjected to (i) vesting terms substantially
identical to those that applied to the cancelled award immediately prior to the Change in Control, or (ii) earn-out, escrow, holdback
or similar arrangements, to the extent such arrangements are applicable to any consideration paid to stockholders in connection with the
Change in Control. 

Under the 2021 Plan, upon termination of a participant s
service with the Company and unless otherwise specified in an applicable award agreement, any portion of an option or stock appreciation
right that is not exercisable upon termination will expire immediately, and any portion of an option or stock appreciation right that
is exercisable upon termination will expire on the date it ceases to be exercisable, as determined by the reason for termination: 

Termination by reason of death: If a participant s service with the Company terminates by reason of death, any option or stock appreciation right held by such participant may thereafter be exercised, to the extent it was exercisable at the time of his or her death or on such accelerated basis as the Compensation Committee may determine at or after grant, by the legal representative of the estate or by the legatee of the participant, for a period expiring (i) at such time as may be specified by the Compensation Committee at or after grant, or (ii) if not specified by the Compensation Committee, then 12 months from the date of death, or (iii) if sooner than the applicable period specified under (i) or (ii) above, upon the expiration of the stated term of such option or stock appreciation right. 

Termination by reason of disability: If a participant s service with the Company terminates by reason of disability, any option or stock appreciation right held by such participant may thereafter be exercised by the participant or his or her personal representative, to the extent it was exercisable at the time of termination, or on such accelerated basis as the Compensation Committee may determine at or after grant, for a period expiring (i) at such time as may be specified by the Compensation Committee at or after grant, or (ii) if not specified by the Compensation Committee, then 12 months from the date of termination of service, or (iii) if sooner than the applicable period specified under (i) or (ii) above, upon the expiration of the stated term of such option or stock appreciation right. 

Termination for Cause: If a participant s service with the Company is terminated for Cause (as defined in the 2021 Plan) or if a participant resigns at a time that there was a Cause basis for such participant s termination: (i) any option or stock appreciation right, or portion thereof, not already exercised will be immediately and automatically forfeited as of the date of such termination, and (ii) any shares for which the Company has not yet delivered share certificates will be immediately and automatically forfeited and the Company will refund to the participant the option exercise price paid for such shares, if any. 

Other termination: If a participant s service with the Company terminates for any reason other than death, disability or Cause, any option or stock appreciation right held by such participant may thereafter be exercised by the participant, to the extent it was exercisable at the time of such termination, or on such accelerated basis as the Compensation Committee may determine at or after grant, for a period expiring (i) at such time as may be specified by the Compensation Committee at or after grant, or (ii) if not specified by the Compensation Committee, then 90 days from the date of termination of service, or (iii) if sooner than the applicable period specified under (i) or (ii) above, upon the expiration of the stated term of such option or stock appreciation right. 

92 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

Option Awards 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Kenneth L. Waggoner 

3,000 
 
 74.25 
 03/20/2024 

3,000 
 
 61.20 
 01/02/2025 

3,000 
 
 10.05 
 12/31/2025 

3,000 
 
 2.50 
 01/01/2027 

Gerald W. Crabtree 

1,000 
 
 74.25 
 12/31/2024 

1,000 
 
 61.20 
 01/02/2025 

1,000 
 
 10.05 
 12/31/2026 

1,000 
 
 2.50 
 01/01/2027 

Carlos A. Trujillo 

2,000 
 
 74.25 
 12/31/2024 

2,000 
 
 61.20 
 01/02/2025 

2,000 
 
 10.05 
 12/31/2025 

2,000 
 
 2.50 
 01/01/2027 

93 

Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth information concerning
compensation paid or to each of our directors, other than our Named Executive Officers who also serve as directors, who served during
the year ended April 30, 2023. 

Director Compensation Table 

Name 

Fees Earned 
 ) 

Stock Awards )(1) 

Option 
Awards )(1)(2) 

Total ) 

Jonathan L. Schechter (2) 

31,250 

31,250 

Robert Weinstein (3) 

18,750 

18,750 

Wayne R. Walker (4) 

12,500 

12,500 

Michael M. Abecassis 

37,500 

748 

551 

38,799 

Daniel C. Allen (5) 

131,270 

314,309 

445,579 

Daniel S. Farb (6) 

37,500 

314,309 

351,809 

Jack Stover (7) 

18,750 

18,750 

Thomas Liquard (8) 

12,500 

765 

564 

13,829 

Raymond C.F. Tong (9) 

12,500 

12,500 

Matthias L hr (10) 

15,433 

765 

562 

16,760 

(1) 
 The amounts in the columns titled Stock Awards and Option Awards reflect the grant date fair values of awards made during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and the assumptions stated in Note 4 and Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements to this Report. 

(2) 
 Mr. Schechter was appointed to the Board effective August 15, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. Weinstein was appointed to the Board effective November 14, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr. Walker was elected to the Board on December 28, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Mr. Allen was appointed to the Board effective August 15, 2022. Mr. Allen did not stand for reelection at the annual meeting of stockholders held on December 28, 2022. 
 
 (6) 
 Mr. Farb was appointed to the Board effective August 15, 2022. Mr. Farb did not stand for re-election at the annual meeting of stockholders held on December 28, 2022. 
 
 (7) 
 Mr. Stover was appointed to the Board effective August 15, 2022. Mr. Stover resigned from the Board effective November 1, 2022. 
 
 (8) 
 Mr. Liquard resigned from the Board effective August 15, 2022. 
 
 (9) 
 Mr. Tong resigned from the Board effective August 15, 2022. 
 
 (10) 
 Dr. L hr resigned from the Board effective August 15, 2022. 

Each non-employee director receives a cash retainer
of 12,500 per quarter (pro-rated for periods of service less than a quarter). 

Our employee directors do not receive additional
compensation for their service on the Board. For information regarding the compensation of our Named Executive Officers who are also directors,
please see above, under the heading Executive Compensation. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth as of July 15,
2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than five percent (5 of our common stock, by each of our directors, by each of our Named Executive Officers and by all
executive officers and directors as a group. 

We deem shares of common stock that may be acquired
by an individual or group within 60 days of July 15, 2023 pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants or the vesting of restricted
stock units to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group, but those shares are
not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table. Except as indicated
in footnotes to this table, we believe that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to
all shares of common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them based on information provided to us by these stockholders. 

Under the terms of certain of our outstanding
warrants, holders may not exercise the warrants to the extent such exercise would cause such holder, together with its affiliates, to
beneficially own a number of shares of our common stock which would exceed 4.99 or 9.99 , as applicable, of our then outstanding common
stock following such exercise, excluding for purposes of such determination common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants which
have not been exercised. The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned do not reflect these limitations. 

94 

The address of all beneficial owners is 3960 Howard
Hughes Parkway, Suite 500, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89169. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common
stock. 

Name and Address 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percentage of 
Common Stock (1) 

More than 5 stockholders: 

Richard Abbe (2)(3) 

4,469,350 

34.2 

Entities affiliated with Iroquois Capital Management, LLC (2)(4) 

3,774,654 

30.5 

Entities affiliated with Sabby Management, LLC (5) 

934,456 

10.7 

Entities affiliated with Intracoastal Capital LLC (6)(7) 

1,735,189 

18.5 

Daniel B. Asher (6)(8) 

2,065,883 

22.0 

Entities affiliated with Ayrton Capital LLC (9) 

1,750,712 

18.4 

Directors, Officers and Named Executive Officers: 

Joshua N. Silverman, Interim Chairman of the Board, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President 

50,000 

Jonathan L. Schechter, Board Member 

50,000 

Michael M. Abecassis, Board Member (10) 

4,471 

Robert Weinstein, Board Member 

Wayne R. Walker, Board Member 

Carlos A. Trujillo, Chief Financial Officer (11) 

18,400 

Kenneth L. Waggoner (12) 

15,598 

Gerald W. Crabtree (13) 

15,600 

All directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons) 

122,871 

1.6 

_______________________________ 

 Indicates percentage is less than 1.0 . 

(1) 
 Percentages
 based on 8,778,101 shares of common stock outstanding as of July 15, 2023. 

(2) 
 This information is based solely on the Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC by Richard Abbe, Kimberly Page, Iroquois Master Fund Ltd. Iroquois Master Fund ), Iroquois Capital Management, LLC Iroquois Capital and Iroquois Capital Investment Group LLC ICIG, and collectively, the Iroquois Parties on June 16, 2023. The Iroquois Parties made a single, joint filing to reflect the formation of a group within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. Ms. Page serves as a director of Iroquois Master Fund. Iroquois Capital serves as the investment manager for Iroquois Master Fund, and Mr. Abbe serves as the president of Iroquois Capital. Each Iroquois Party disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares that he, she or it does not directly own and except to the extent of his, her or its pecuniary interest therein. The address of the Iroquois Parties is 2 Overhill Road, Suite 400, Scarsdale, New York 10583. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes (i) 10,696 shares owned by ICIG, (ii) 384,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants owned by ICIG, (iii) 300,000 shares issuable upon conversion of convertible preferred shares owned by ICIG, (iv) 178,654 shares owned by Iroquois Master Fund, (v) 1,896,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants owned by Iroquois Master Fund and (vi) 1,700,000 shares issuable upon conversion of convertible preferred shares owned by Iroquois Master Fund. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes (i) 178,654 shares, (ii) 1,896,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants and (iii) 1,700,000 shares issuable upon conversion of convertible preferred shares owned by Iroquois Master Fund. 
 
 (5) 
 This information is based on the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 10, 2023 by Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd., Sabby Management, LLC and Hal Mintz (collectively, Sabby ). Sabby reported sole and shared voting and sole and shared dispositive power of 934,456 shares of common stock. Sabby Management, LLC is the investment manager of Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. Hal Mintz is the Manager of Sabby Management, LLC and in such capacity has the right to vote and dispose of the securities held by Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. The address of Sabby is c/o Ogier Fiduciary Services (Cayman) Limited, 89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-9007, Cayman Islands. 
 
 (6) 
 This information is based on the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2023 by Mitchell P. Kopin, Daniel B. Asher and Intracoastal Capital LLC Intracoastal ). The address of Mr. Kopin and Intracoastal is c/o Intracoastal Capital, LLC, 245 Palm Trail, Delray Beach, Florida 33483. The address of Mr. Asher is 111 W. Jackson Boulevard, Suite 2000, Chicago, Illinois 60604. 
 
 (7) 
 The 1,735,189 shares consist of (i) 1,106,042 shares of common stock held by Intracoastal and (ii) 629,147 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by Intracoastal. Mr. Kopin is the manager of Intracoastal. 
 
 (8) 
 Includes (i) 1,106,042 shares held by Intracoastal, (ii) 330,694 shares held by Mr. Asher and (iii) 629,147 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by Intracoastal. 

95 

(9) 
 Includes (i) 1,020,042 shares held by Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC Segregated Master Portfolio B Alto and (ii) 730,670 shares of common stock issuable on the exercise of certain warrants and conversion of certain shares of convertible preferred stock held by Alto. Alto is a private investment vehicle for which Ayrton Capital LLC Ayrton serves as the investment manager. Waqas Khatri serves as the managing member of Ayrton. Ayrton s address is 55 Post Rd West, 2nd Floor, Westport, CT 06880. This information is based on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May 19, 2023. 
 
 (10) 
 Includes 1,670 shares issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase common stock. 
 
 (11) 
 Includes 8,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase common stock. 
 
 (12) 
 Includes 12,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase common stock. Mr. Waggoner resigned from all positions with the Company effective October 6, 2022. 
 
 (13) 
 Includes 4,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase common stock. Dr. Crabtree resigned from all positions with the Company effective October 12, 2022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth certain aggregated
information with respect to compensation plans (including individual arrangements) under which our securities are authorized for issuance
as of April 30, 2023: 

Plan category 
 
 Number of 
securities to be 
issued upon 
exercise of 
outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights 

Weighted-average 
exercise price of 
outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights 

Number of 
securities 
remaining 
available for 
future issuance 
under equity 
compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities 
reflected in 
column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

250,000 

2.97 

2,500,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

250,000 

2.97 

2,500,000 

Please see Notes 5 and 6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements to
this Report for more information regarding our equity compensation arrangements. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our Audit Committee charter requires all future transactions between
us and any director, executive officer, holder of 5 or more of any class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of,
or entities affiliated with, any of them, or any other related persons, as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K, or their affiliates,
in which the amount involved is equal to or greater than 120,000, be approved in advance by our Audit Committee. Any request for such
a transaction must first be presented to our Audit Committee for review, consideration and approval. In approving or rejecting any such
proposal, our Audit Committee is to consider all available information deemed relevant by the Audit Committee, including, but not limited
to, the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction, and whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable to
us than terms we could have generally obtained from an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances. 

We had the following related party transactions
during the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

We own 14.3 of the equity in SG Austria, and
such investment is reported on the cost method of accounting. SG Austria has two subsidiaries: (i) Austrianova and (ii) Austrianova Thailand.
We purchased products and services from these subsidiaries in the approximate amounts of 339,000 and 323,000 in the years ended April
30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

In April 2014, we entered a consulting agreement
with Vin-de-Bona pursuant to which it agreed to provide professional consulting services to us. Vin-de-Bona is owned by Prof. G nzburg
and Dr. Salmons, both of whom are involved in numerous aspects of our scientific endeavors relating to cancer and diabetes (Prof. G nzburg
is the Chairman of Austrianova, and Dr. Salmons is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Austrianova). The term of the agreement
is for 12 months, automatically renewable for successive 12-month terms. After the initial term, either party can terminate the agreement
by giving the other party 30 days written notice before the effective date of termination. The amounts we paid Vin-de-Bona for
the years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022, were approximately 61,000 and 114,000, respectively. 

Except for Mr. Schechter, Dr. Abecassis, Mr. Weinstein
and Mr. Walker, the Board has determined that none of our directors satisfy the definition of Independent Director as established in the
Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. Mr. Schechter, Dr. Abecassis, Mr. Weinstein and Mr. Walker have been determined by the Board to be Independent
Directors. 

96 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

A summary of the fees billed by our independent
audit firm, Armanino LP, for professional services rendered for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 is set forth below. 

Service 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 148,598 
 167,239 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 31,500 
 33,238 
 
 Tax Fees 
 12,000 

All Other Fees 
 
 61,149 
 
 Total 
 192,098 
 261,626 

During the years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022,
we incurred from Armanino 140,958 and 167,239 in annual audit fees, respectively, and 31,500 and 33,238 in quarterly review fees,
respectively, and 19,640 and 0 in income tax analysis, respectively. Additional fees relating to capital raises were paid to Armanino
in the amounts of 0 and 61,149 during the years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

Our Audit Committee pre-approves all services
to be performed by our independent auditor. All the services listed above have been pre-approved by our Audit Committee. 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services of Independent Public Accountant 

Consistent with SEC policies regarding auditor
independence, the Audit Committee has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of our independent registered
public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established a policy to pre-approve all audit and
permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Prior to engagement of an independent registered
public accounting firm for the next year s audit, management will submit an aggregate of services expected to be rendered during
that year for each of four categories of services to the Audit Committee for approval. 

Audit services include audit work
performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well as work that generally only an independent registered public accounting
firm can reasonably be expected to provide, including comfort letters, statutory audits, and attest services and consultation regarding
financial accounting and/or reporting standards. 

Audit-Related services are for assurance
and related services that are traditionally performed by an independent registered public accounting firm, including due diligence related
to mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures required to meet certain regulatory requirements. 

Tax services include all services
performed by an independent registered public accounting firm s tax personnel except those services specifically related to the
audit of the financial statements, and includes fees in the areas of tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. 

Other Fees are those associated
with services not captured in the other categories. The Company generally does not request such services from our independent registered
public accounting firm. 

Prior to engagement, the Audit Committee pre-approves
these services by category of service. The fees are budgeted and the Audit Committee requires our independent registered public accounting
firm and management to report actual fees versus the budget periodically throughout the year by category of service. During the year,
circumstances may arise when it may become necessary to engage our independent registered public accounting firm for additional services
not contemplated in the original pre-approval. In those instances, the Audit Committee requires specific pre-approval before engaging
our independent registered public accounting firm. 

The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval
authority to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated must report, for informational purposes only,
any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

97 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

(a) Documents filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial Statements. 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements and associated
Notes and Schedules, as of April 30, 2023, and 2022, and for each of the two years in the period ended April 30, 2023, together with the
reports thereon of our independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth on pages F-1 to F-27 of this Report. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
for the Years Ended 2023, and 2022 is incorporated by reference to page F-27 of the financial statements included herewith. 

(3) Exhibits. 

Except as so indicated below and in Exhibit 32.1,
the following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, the Report. Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits
contain representations and warranties made by the parties thereto. The assertions embodied in such representations and warranties are
not necessarily assertions of fact, but a mechanism for the parties to allocate risk. Accordingly, investors should not rely on the representations
and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts or for any other purpose at the time they were made or otherwise. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, dated October 31, 2019. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2020. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated July 2, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change to Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated July 9, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change to
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated March 7, 2023. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 16, 2023. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations
 of Preferences and Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2023. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Corporate Bylaws. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-68008) filed with the SEC on August 20, 2001. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment No. One to the Bylaws of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2014. 

98 

3.8 
 
 Amendment No. Two to the Bylaws of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2014. 
 
 3.9 
 
 Amendment No. Three to Bylaws of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 4, 2021. 
 
 3.10 
 
 Amendment No. Four to Bylaws of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2021. 
 
 3.11 
 
 Amendment No. Five to Bylaws
 of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 18, 2022. 
 
 3.12 
 
 Amendment No. Six to Bylaws
 of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2023. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-68008) filed with the SEC on August 20, 2001. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Common Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8- K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8- K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021. 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2023. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 26, 2011, between SG Austria Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2012. 
 
 10.2 
 
 First Addendum, dated June 11, 2011, to Asset Purchase Agreement between SG Austria Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2012. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Second Addendum, dated June 14, 2012, to Asset Purchase Agreement between SG Austria Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2012. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Third Addendum, dated June 25, 2013, to Asset Purchase Agreement between SG Austria Private Limited and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2013. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Licensing Agreement, dated June 25, 2013, between Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2013. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Manufacturing Framework Agreement, dated March 20, 2014, between Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2014. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Master Services Agreement, dated April 7, 2014, between ViruSure GmbH and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2014. 

99 

10.8 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated April 1, 2014, between Vin-de-Bona Trading Company Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2014. 
 
 10.9 
 
 License Agreement, dated October 13, 2014, between University of Technology, Sydney and PharmaCyte Biotech Australia Pty Ltd (formerly, Nuvilex Australia Pty Ltd). 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on October 17, 2014. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Master Services Agreement, dated March 7, 2014, between ViruSure GmbH and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on October 17, 2014. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Licensing Agreement, dated December 1, 2014, between Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 15, 2014. 
 
 10.12 
 
 First Stock Option Agreement, dated March 10, 2015, between Kenneth L. Waggoner and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2015. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Second Stock Option Agreement, dated March 10, 2015, between Kenneth L. Waggoner and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2015. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Executive Compensation Agreement, dated January 1, 2015, between Gerald W. Crabtree and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2015. 
 
 10.15 
 
 First Stock Option Agreement, dated March 10, 2015, between Gerald W. Crabtree and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2015. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Second Stock Option Agreement, dated March 10, 2015, between Gerald W. Crabtree and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2015. 
 
 10.17 
 
 Amendment No. 1, dated December 30, 2015, to Executive Compensation Agreement between Gerald W. Crabtree and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Third Stock Option Agreement, dated December 30, 2015, between Gerald W. Crabtree and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Third Stock Option Agreement, dated December 30, 2015, between Kenneth L. Waggoner and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016. 
 
 10.20 
 
 First Amendment, dated June 30, 2015, to Licensing Agreement, dated December 1, 2014, between Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2016. 
 
 10.21 
 
 Second Amendment, dated October 19, 2015, to Licensing Agreement, dated December 1, 2014, between Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2016. 
 
 10.22 
 
 Variation, dated April 20, 2016, to License Agreement, October 13, 2014, between University of Technology, Sydney and PharmaCyte Biotech Australia Pty Ltd (formerly, Nuvilex Australia Pty Ltd). 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2016. 
 
 10.23 
 
 First Amendment, dated June 24, 2016, to Licensing Agreement, dated June 25, 2013, between Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2016. 

100 

10.24 
 
 Binding Memorandum of Understanding, dated July 28, 2016, between Austrianova Singapore Pte Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2016. 
 
 10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 2, dated March 10, 2017, to Executive Compensation Agreement between Gerald W. Crabtree and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2017. 
 
 10.26 
 
 Fourth Stock Option Agreement, dated March 10, 2017, between Kenneth L. Waggoner and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2017. 
 
 10.27 
 
 Third Stock Option Agreement, dated March 10, 2017, between Carlos A. Trujillo and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2017. 
 
 10.28 
 
 Fourth Stock Option Agreement, dated March 10, 2017, between Gerald W. Crabtree and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 13, 2017. 
 
 10.29 
 
 Letter agreement, dated June 29, 2017, between Michael Abecassis, M.D. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 10, 2017. 
 
 10.30 
 
 Binding Term Sheet, dated August 30, 2017, among Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd., SG Austria Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 6, 2017. 
 
 10.31 
 
 Fourth Addendum, dated May 14, 2018, to Asset Purchase Agreement between SG Austria Pte. Ltd. and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018. 
 
 10.32 
 
 Third Amendment, dated May 14, 2018, to Licensing Agreement, dated December 1, 2014, between Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd and the Company . 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018. 
 
 10.33 
 
 Second Amendment, dated May 14, 2018, to the Licensing Agreement, dated June 25, 2013, between Austrianova Singapore Pte. Ltd and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018. 
 
 10.34 
 
 Amendment No. 3, dated as of October 14, 2020, to Executive Compensation Agreement between Gerald W. Crabtree and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 16, 2020. 
 
 10.35 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 23, 2021. 
 
 10.36 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Compensation Agreement, dated May 8, 2022, between Kenneth L. Waggoner and the Company. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2022. 
 
 10.37 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Compensation Agreement, dated May 8, 2022, between Carlos A. Trujillo and the Company . 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC on July 28, 2022. 
 
 10.38 
 
 PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc.
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 10.39 
 
 Cooperation Agreement dated
 August 15, 2022, by and between PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. and Iroquois Master Fund Ltd. and its affiliates. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2022. 
 
 10.40 
 
 Separation, Consulting
 and Release Agreement, dated October 6, 2022, by and between PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. and Kenneth L. Waggoner. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2022. 
 
 10.41 
 
 Release Agreement, dated
 October 12, 2022, by and between PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. and Gerald W. Crabtree. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 14, 2022. 
 
 10.42 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement,
 dated May 9, 2023. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2023. 
 
 10.43 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement,
 dated May 9, 2023. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2023. 

101 

10.44 
 
 Engagement Letter, dated
 May 9, 2023, by and between the Company and Katalyst Securities LLC. 
 
 Incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2023. 
 
 10.45 
 
 PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan . 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company s Schedule
14A filed with the SEC on November 25, 2022. 
 
 14.1 
 
 PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2014. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Armanino LLP. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance
 Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline
 XBRL document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 

A contract, compensatory plan or arrangement
to which a director or executive officer is a party or in which one or more directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 

Financial Statements Schedule: 

The following financial statement schedule is
set forth on page F-27 of this Report: 

Schedule II Valuation
and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022. 

All other schedules are omitted because they are
not required, not applicable or the information is provided in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

102 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 

July 31, 2023 
 By: /s/ Joshua N. Silverman 

Joshua N. Silverman 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

July 31, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Carlos A Trujillo 
 Carlos A. Trujillo 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

July 31, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Joshua N. Silverman 
 Joshua N. Silverman 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chairman of the Board and
 Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

July 31, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Carlos A. Trujillo 
 Carlos A. Trujillo 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

July 31, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Jonathan L. Silverman 
 Jonathan L. Silverman, Director 

July 31, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Robert Weinstein 
 Robert Weinstein, Director 

July 31, 2023 
 By: /s/ Michael M. Abecassis 

Michael M. Abecassis, Director 

July 31, 2023 
 By: /s/ Wayne R. Walker 

Wayne R. Walker, Director 

103 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH
REPORTS 

 FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(d) OF THE ACT BY
REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT 

The registrant has not sent to its security holders any annual report
covering the registrant s fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

104 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Auditor ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2023, and 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended April 30, 2023, and 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended April 30, 2023, and 2023 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended April 30, 2023, and 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended April 30, 2023, and 2022 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 
 
 Financial Statement Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 F-29 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders 

 PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. 

 Las Vegas, Nevada 

Opinion on the
Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of April 30, 2023 and
2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
two years in the period ended April 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). 

In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2023
and 2022, and the related consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended April 30,
2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the consolidated
financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set form therein
when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company's management
is responsible for these consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedules. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the consolidated financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedules are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud. The
Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements and consolidated
financial statement schedules, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ LLP 

July 31, 2023 

We have served as the
Company's auditor since 2015. 

F- 2 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

April 30, 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Intangible assets 

Investment in SG Austria 

Other assets 

Total other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 6 and 8) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, authorized: shares, par value; shares issued , shares outstanding as of April 30, 2023, and shares issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares as of April 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development costs 

Compensation expense 

Director fees 

Legal and professional 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other income (expense), net 

Total other income, net 

Net loss 

Basic loss per share 

Diluted loss per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Years Ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive loss 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 AND 2022 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury Stock 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Loss 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, April 30, 2021 

Stock issued for compensation 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for cash, net of issuance
 costs of 

Stock-based compensation-options 

Issuance of pre-funded warrants 

Stock issued fractional shares -
 reverse stock split 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance, April 30, 2022 

Stock issued for compensation 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for warrant exercise 

Stock-based compensation - options 

Stock issued fractional shares -
 reverse stock split 

Gain on de-consolidation of subsidiary 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Repurchase of common stock 

Balance, April 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Other non-cash expenses 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for compensation 

Stock-based compensation - options 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Decrease in other assets 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Decrease in accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of insurance financing loan 

Repurchase of common stock 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Net cash provided by (used) in financing activities 

Effect of currency rate exchange on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flows information: 

Cash paid during the years for income taxes 

Cash paid during the years for interest expense 

Non-cash equity issuance costs 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

PHARMACYTE BIOTECH, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation
technology potentially enables genetically engineered live human cells to be used as a means to produce various biologically active molecules.
The technology is intended to result in the formation of pinhead sized cellulose-based porous capsules in which genetically modified live
human cells can be encapsulated and maintained. In a laboratory setting, this proprietary live cell encapsulation technology has been
shown to create a micro-environment in which encapsulated cells survive and flourish. They are protected from environmental challenges,
such as the sheer forces associated with bioreactors and passage through catheters and needles, which the Company believes enables greater
cell growth and production of the active molecules. The capsules are largely composed of cellulose (cotton) and are bioinert. 

The Company has been developing therapies for
pancreatic and other solid cancerous tumors by using genetically engineered live human cells that it believes are capable of converting
a cancer prodrug into its cancer-killing form. The Company encapsulates those cells using the Cell-in-a-Box technology
and places those capsules in the body as close as possible to the tumor. In this way, the Company believes that when a cancer prodrug
is administered to a patient with a particular type of cancer that may be affected by the prodrug, the killing of the patient s
cancerous tumor may be optimized. 

The Company has also been developing a way to
delay the production and accumulation of malignant ascites that results from many types of abdominal cancerous tumors. The Company s
therapy for malignant ascites involves using the same encapsulated cells it employs for pancreatic cancer but placing the encapsulated
cells in the peritoneal cavity of a patient and administering ifosfamide intravenously. 

In addition to the two cancer programs discussed
above, the Company has been working on ways to exploit the benefits of the Cell-in-a-Box technology to develop therapies
for cancer that involve prodrugs based upon certain constituents of the Cannabis plant. However, until the FDA allows us to commence
our clinical trial in LAPC and we are able to validate our Cell-in-a-Box encapsulation technology in a clinical trial,
we are not spending any further resources developing our Cannabis Program. 

Finally, the Company has been developing a potential
therapy for Type 1 diabetes and insulin-dependent Type 2 diabetes. The Company s product candidate for the treatment of diabetes
consists of encapsulated genetically modified insulin-producing cells. The encapsulation will be done using the Cell-in-a-Box 
technology. Implanting these encapsulated cells in the body is designed to have them function as a bio-artificial pancreas for purposes
of insulin production. 

Until the review by the Business Review Committee
and the Board is complete and the Board has determined the actions and plans to be implemented, spending on the Company s programs
has been curtailed. 

Investigational New Drug Application and
Clinical Hold 

On September 1, 2020, the Company submitted an
IND to the FDA for a planned clinical trial in LAPC. On October 1, 2020, the Company received notice from the FDA that it had placed the
Company s IND on clinical hold. On October 30, 2020, the FDA sent the Company a letter setting forth the reasons for the clinical
hold and providing specific guidance on what the Company must do to have the clinical hold lifted. 

In order to address the clinical hold, the FDA requested that the Company: 

Provide additional sequencing data and genetic stability studies; 

Conduct a stability study on the Company s final formulated product candidate as well as the cells from the Company s Master Cell Bank; 

Evaluate the compatibility of the delivery devices (the prefilled syringe and the microcatheter used to implant the CypCaps with the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer; 

Provide additional detailed description of the manufacturing process of the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer; 

Provide additional product release specifications for the Company s encapsulated cells; 

Demonstrate comparability between the 1 st and 2 nd generation of the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer and ensure adequate and consistent product performance and safety between the two generations; 

Conduct a biocompatibility assessment using the Company s capsules material; 

Address specified insufficiencies in the Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls information in the cross-referenced Drug Master File; 

Conduct an additional nonclinical study in a large animal (such as a pig) to assess the safety, activity, and distribution of the product candidate for pancreatic cancer; and 

Revise the Investigators Brochure to include any additional preclinical studies conducted in response to the clinical hold and remove any statements not supported by the data the Company generated. 

The FDA also requested that the Company address
the following issues as an amendment to the Company s IND: 

Provide a Certificate of Analysis for pc3/2B1 plasmid that includes tests for assessing purity, safety, and potency; 

Perform qualification studies for the drug substance filling step to ensure that the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer remains sterile and stable during the filling process; 

Submit an updated batch analysis for the Company s product candidate for the specific lot that will be used for manufacturing all future product candidates; 

Provide additional details for the methodology for the Resorufin (CYP2B1) potency and the PrestoBlue cell metabolic assays; 

Provide a few examples of common microcatheters that fit the specifications in the Company s Angiography Procedure Manual; 

Clarify the language in our Pharmacy Manual regarding proper use of the syringe fill with the Company s product candidate for pancreatic cancer; and 

Provide a discussion with data for trial of the potential for cellular and humoral immune reactivity against the heterologous rat CYP2B1 protein and potential for induction of autoimmune-mediated toxicities in our study population. 

The Company assembled a scientific and regulatory
team of experts to address the FDA requests. That team has been working diligently to complete the items requested by the FDA. The Company
is in the latter stages of conducting the studies and providing the information requested by the FDA. The Company has completed the pilot
study of two pigs and is evaluating the preliminary data before commencing the larger study of 90 pigs. 

Impact of COVID-19 on the Company s Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared
an outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic, and the world s economies have experienced pronounced effects. Despite the multiple COVID-19
vaccines globally, there remains uncertainty around the extent and duration of disruption and any future related financial impact cannot
reasonably be estimated at this time. COVID-19 has caused and may continue to cause significant, industry-wide delays in clinical trials.
Although the Company is not yet in a clinical trial, the Company has filed an IND with the FDA to commence a clinical trial in LAPC, and
this clinical trial may experience delays relating to COVID-19 once commenced, including but not limited to: (i) delays or difficulties
in enrolling patients in the Company s clinical trial if the FDA allows the Company to go forward with the trial; (ii) delays or
difficulties in clinical site activation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site personnel;
(iii) delays in clinical sites receiving the supplies and materials needed to conduct the clinical trial, including interruption in global
shipping that may affect the transport of the Company s clinical trial product; (iv) changes in local regulations as part of a response
to COVID-19 which may require the Company to change the ways in which its clinical trial is to be conducted, which may result in unexpected
costs, or to discontinue the clinical trial altogether; (v) diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials,
including the diversion of hospitals serving as the Company s clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of
the Company s clinical trial; (vi) interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to
limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others, or interruption of clinical trial
subject visits and study procedures, the occurrence of which could affect the integrity of clinical trial data; (vii) risk that participants
enrolled in our clinical trials will acquire COVID-19 while the clinical trial is ongoing, which could impact the results of the clinical
trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; (viii) delays in necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics
committees, and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees;
(ix) limitations in employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of the Company s clinical trial because of
sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; (x) refusal of the FDA
to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies; and (xi) interruption or delays to the Company s clinical trial activities.
Many of these potential delays may be exacerbated by the impact of COVID-19 in foreign countries where the Company is conducting these
preclinical studies, including India, Europe, Singapore and Thailand. 

Further, the various precautionary measures taken
by many governmental authorities around the world in order to limit the spread of COVID-19 has had and may continue to have an adverse
effect on the global markets and global economy, including on the availability and pricing of employees, resources, materials, manufacturing
and delivery efforts and other aspects of the global economy. COVID-19 could materially disrupt the Company s business and operations,
hamper its ability to raise additional funds or sell securities, continue to slow down the overall economy, curtail consumer spending,
interrupt the Company s supply chain, and make it hard to adequately staff the Company s operations. 

Nasdaq Listing 

The Company s common stock began trading
on Nasdaq on August 10, 2021, under the symbol PMCB. Prior to that, the Company s common stock was quoted on the OTCQB
Market under the symbol PMCB. 

Reverse Stock Split 

Effective July 12, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate
of Change with the Nevada Secretary of State that authorized a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock. The reverse
stock split resulted in reducing the authorized number of shares of the Company s common stock from 50 billion to 33,333,334 with
a par value of 0.0001 per share. Any fractional shares resulting from the reverse stock split were rounded up to the next whole share.
All warrant, option, share and per share information in this Report gives retroactive effect to such 1:1500 reverse stock split. 

Increase in Authorized Shares 

On March 14, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate
of Change with the State of Nevada, Secretary of State, to increase the number of authorized shares of its common stock to 
shares. The par value remained per share. 

investment in SG Austria is presented on the cost method of accounting. In
March 2023, Bio Blue Bird was liquidated and was de-consolidated in these consolidated financial statements. 

and diabetes license for for an aggregate
total of . 

These intangible assets have an indefinite life;
therefore, they are not amortizable. 

The Company concluded that there was impairment
of the carrying value of the intangible assets for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

The U.S. GAAP method of accounting for uncertain
tax positions utilizes a two-step approach to evaluate tax positions. Step one, recognition, requires evaluation of the tax position to
determine if based solely on technical merits it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. Step two, measurement, is addressed
only if a position is more likely than not to be sustained. In step two, the tax benefit is measured as the largest amount of benefit,
determined on a cumulative probability basis, which is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement with tax authorities.
If a position does not meet the more likely than not threshold for recognition in step one, no benefit is recorded until the first subsequent
period in which the more likely than not standard is met, the issue is resolved with the taxing authorities, or the statute of limitations
expires. Positions previously recognized are derecognized when the Company subsequently determines the position no longer is more likely
than not to be sustained. Evaluation of tax positions, their technical merits and measurements using cumulative probability are highly
subjective management estimates. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 

On March 11, 2021, Congress enacted the American
Rescue Plan Act of 2021, the Company does not expect the provisions of this Act will impact the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

and , respectively. 

and 
at April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. Management believes it is not exposed
to any significant credit risk on cash. 

R D costs 

Other 

Total 

The Director and Officer Insurance Policy for
the policy term of September 8, 2021 through September 8, 2022, was paid in full on August 8, 2021. The Company financed the Director
and Officer Insurance Policy for the policy term of March 8, 2021, through September 8, 2021. The financing agreement had an interest
rate of per annum and required of . There were unpaid balances as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

shares of common stock pursuant to their Director Letter Agreements DLAs in respect
of their service during that year. The shares were fully vested upon issuance. The Company recorded a non-cash expense of and 
for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were zero unvested shares remaining related to such DLAs as of April
30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During the year ended April 30, 2021, a consultant
was issued shares of common stock in respect of his services as the Chairman of the Company s Medical and Scientific Advisory
Board with vesting subject to the consultant continuing to provide services to the Company. The Company recorded a non-cash consulting
expense in the amount of and for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were zero unvested shares remaining
related to his compensation arrangement as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

In January 2021, the Company awarded shares
of common stock to the executive officers of the Company as part of their compensation agreements for 2021. These shares vest monthly
over a twelve-month period and are subject to the executive officers continuing to provide service under their compensation agreements.
During the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash compensation expense in the amounts of and ,
respectively. There were zero unvested shares as of April 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

During the year ended April 30, 2022, four non-employee
members of the Board were issued shares of common stock pursuant to their DLAs in respect of their service during that year. The
shares were fully vested upon issuance. The Company recorded a non-cash expense of and for the years ended April 30, 2023 and
2022. There were zero unvested shares remaining related to such DLAs as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During the year ended April 30, 2022, four consultants
were issued shares of common stock pursuant to their consulting agreements with the Company. The shares vest monthly over a twelve-month
period and are subject to the consultants continuing to provide services under their consulting agreements. The Company recorded a non-cash
consulting expense in the amount of and for the years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. There were zero unvested
shares remaining related to these consulting agreements as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During the year ended April 30, 2022, a consultant
was issued shares of common stock in respect of his services as the Chairman of the Company s Medical and Scientific Advisory
Board with vesting subject to the consultant continuing to provide services to the Company. The Company recorded a non-cash consulting
expense in the amount of and for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were zero unvested shares remaining
related to his compensation arrangement as of April 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

In January 2022, the Company awarded shares
of common stock to the executive officers of the Company as part of their compensation agreements for 2022. These shares vest monthly
over a twelve-month period and are subject to the executive officers continuing to provide service under their compensation agreements.
During the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash compensation expense in the amounts of and .
There were zero and unvested shares as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During the year ended April 30, 2023, three non-employee
members of the Board were issued shares of common stock pursuant to their DLAs in respect of their service during that year. The
shares were fully vested upon issuance. The Company recorded a non-cash expense of and for the years ended April 30, 2023 and
2022, respectively. There were zero unvested shares remaining related to such DLAs as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

All shares were issued without registration under
the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On April 14, 2021, the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255044) was declared effective by the Commission, registering up to 100 million of the Company s
securities. During August 2021, the Company sold and issued approximately million shares of common stock, at prices ranging from
 4.25 to 5.00 per share. Net of underwriting discounts, legal, accounting, and other offering expenses, the Company received approximately
 million from the sale of these shares and warrants and the exercise of warrants for approximately million warrant shares. 

On August 9, 2021, the Company entered into an
underwriting agreement to offer and sell shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock and warrants to purchase
common stock in a public offering First Offering ). The gross proceeds of the First Offering were million , before deducting
underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering expenses. 

In August 2021, the Company received twenty-seven
(27) cash exercise notices relating to the common warrants with respect to the First Offering totaling warrant shares Warrant
Exercises ). The Company received approximately and issued shares of common stock as a result of the exercise
notices. 

On August 19, 2021, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors Purchasers pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell in a registered direct offering Registered Direct Offering ), shares of the
Company s common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock. Further, pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement, in a concurrent private placement (together with the Registered Direct Offering, Second Offering ), the Company
also agreed to issue to the Purchasers unregistered warrants Series A Warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The
Company received gross proceeds from the Second Offering, before deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable
by the Company, of approximately 70 million. On November 17, 2021, the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 registering
the resale of the common stock underlying the Series A Warrants was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Commission ). 

A summary of the Company s non-vested restricted
stock activity and related weighted average grant date fair value information for the last two years ended April 30, 2023, are as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Expired 

Unvested at April 30, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Expired 

Unvested at April 30, 2023 

shares available under this plan. The 2022 Equity Plan can
issue various types of awards, as follows: stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and cash
or other stock-based awards. The 2022 Equity Plan is available to be issued to employees, directors, consultants, and other individuals
who provide services to the Company. An incentive stock options ISOs can only be granted to employees and shall not exceed
10-years (5-years in the case of ISOs granted to any 10 shareholder). 

Stock Options 

As of April 30, 2023, the Company had 
outstanding stock options to its directors and officers (collectively, Employee Options and consultants Non-Employee
Options ). 

During the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022,
the Company granted and Employee Options, respectively. 

The fair value of the Employee Options at the
date of grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model, based on the following weighted average assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (years) 

Expected dividend yield 

The Company s computation of expected volatility
is based on the historical daily volatility of its publicly traded stock. For stock option grants issued during the years ended April
30, 2023 and 2022, the Company used a calculated volatility for each grant. The Company lacks adequate information about the exercise
behavior now and has determined the expected term assumption under the simplified method provided for under ASC 718, which averages the
contractual term of the Company s stock options of five years with the average vesting term of two and one-half years for an average
of three years. The dividend yield assumption of zero is based upon the fact the Company has never paid cash dividends and presently has
no intention of paying cash dividends. The risk-free interest rate used for each grant is equal to the U.S. Treasury rates in effect at
the time of the grant for instruments with a similar expected life. 

During the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022,
the Company granted Non-Employee Options. 

A summary of the Company s stock option
activity and related information for the two years ended April 30, 2023 is shown below: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding, April 30, 2022 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding, April 30, 2023 

Exercisable, April 30, 2023 

Vested and expected to vest 

A summary of the activity for unvested stock options
during the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Unvested, April 30, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Unvested, April 30, 2023 

The Company recorded and of stock-based
compensation related to the issuance of Employee Options to certain officers and directors in exchange for services during the years ended
April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At April 30, 2023, there remained zero unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested Employee
Options granted to officers and directors. 

The following table summarizes the outstanding
stock options by exercise price at April 30, 2023: 

102.45 

97.35 

74.25 

57.00 

60.60 

55.50 

51.00 

61.20 

36.00 

37.05 

15.75 

10.05 

26.55 

16.20 

3.19 

2.50 

2.29 

2.24 

2.97 

Total 

The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options
as of April 30, 2023 was . This represents options whose exercise price was less than the closing fair market value of the Company s
common stock on April 30, 2023 of approximately 2.92 per share. 

Warrants 

The warrants issued by the Company are equity
classified. The fair value of the warrants was recorded as additional paid-in-capital, and no further adjustments are made. 

The Company concluded the following warrants met
the permanent equity criteria classification as they are freestanding financial instruments that are legally detachable and separately
exercisable from the shares of common stock with which they were issued. The warrants are immediately exercisable and do not embody an
obligation for the Company to repurchase the shares. The warrants also permit the holders to receive a fixed number of shares upon exercise
and do not provide any guarantee of value or return. 

Effective August 12, 2021, the Company issued
common stock purchase warrants Common Warrants with respect to the First Offering. The Company issued Common Warrants
to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the underwriting agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC Wainwright ).
The Common Warrants expire August 12, 2026, have an exercise price of per share, were fully exercisable upon issuance and have a
cashless exercise feature. Using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, the Company determined the aggregate fair value of these
Common Warrants was approximately which was included in the non-cash equity issuance costs as presented on the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows of 34,477,000. 

Additionally, with respect to the First Offering,
the Company issued common stock purchase warrants to Wainwright Underwriter Warrants to purchase shares of common
stock. The Underwriter Warrants expire August 12, 2026, have an exercise price of per warrant share, were fully exercisable upon
issuance and have a cashless exercise feature. Using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, the Company determined the aggregate
fair value of these Underwriter Warrants was approximately which was included in the non-cash equity issuance costs as presented
on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of 34,477,000. 

Effective August 12, 2021, the Company issued
 pre-funded warrants Pre-funded Warrants to purchase common stock and Common Warrants pursuant to the underwriting
agreement with Wainwright with respect to the First Offering. The Pre-funded Warrants were sold for 4.249 per Pre-funded Warrant share.
The Company received approximately from the issuance of the Pre-funded Warrants. The Pre-funded Warrants have an exercise price
of 0.001 per share, were exercisable immediately, have a cashless exercise feature and do not have an expiration date. In August 2021,
all of the Pre-funded Warrants issued under the underwriting agreement were exercised. As a result of the exercise, the Company
received and issued 899,027 shares of common stock. 

Effective August 23, 2021, the Company issued
additional common stock purchase warrants Series A Warrants with respect to the Second Offering. The Company issued Series
A Warrants to purchase shares of common stock pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors.
The Series A Warrants expire August 23, 2026, have an exercise price of per warrant share, were fully exercisable upon issuance
and have a cashless exercise feature. Using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, the Company determined the aggregate fair value
of these Series A Warrants was approximately which was included in the non-cash equity issuance costs as presented on the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of 34,477,000. 

Effective August 23, 2021, the Company issued
additional common stock purchase warrants Placement Agent Warrants with respect to the Second Offering. The Company issued
Placement Agent Warrants to purchase 1,050,000 shares of common stock to Wainwright or its designees, pursuant to Wainwright acting as
placement agent. The Placement Agent Warrants expire August 23, 2026, have an exercise price of per warrant share, were fully exercisable
upon issuance, and have a cashless exercise feature. Using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, the Company determined the aggregate
fair value of these Placement Agent Warrants was approximately and which was included in the non-cash equity issuance costs
as presented on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of 34,477,000. 

Effective August 23, 2021, the Company issued
Pre-funded Warrants pursuant to the Second Offering to purchase shares of common stock for approximately or 4.999
per warrant share. The Pre-funded Warrants have an exercise price of per share, were fully exercisable upon issuance, have a cashless
exercise feature and do not have an expiration date. As of April 30, 2023, of the Pre-funded Warrants have been exercised for
aggregate gross proceeds of , which resulted in the issuance of 5,500,000 shares. As of April 30, 2023, Pre-funded Warrants were
exercisable for shares of common stock remained outstanding. The Company received a total of pursuant to the issuance
of the Pre-funded Warrants as of April 30, 2023. 

In August 2021, the Company received twenty-seven
cash exercise notices relating to the Common Warrants with respect to the First Offering totaling warrant shares. The Company
received approximately and issued shares of common stock as a result of the exercise notices. 

Series A Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants
were issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 19, 2021. At the time, the Series A Warrants and the Placement
Agent Warrants were issued, neither the Series A Warrants, the Placement Agent Warrants nor the underlying common stock for such warrants
was registered pursuant to the Securities Act. The Company registered the common stock underlying the Series A Warrants and the Placement
Agent Warrants pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-3 Registration Statement filed with the Commission on November
8, 2021. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the Commission on November 17, 2021. 

A summary of the Company s warrant activity
and related information for the two years ended April 30, 2023, are shown below: 

Issued 

Exercised 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding, April 30, 2022 

Issued 

Exercised 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding, April 30, 2023 

Exercisable, April 30, 2023 

The following table summarizes additional information
concerning warrants outstanding and exercisable at April 30, 2023: 

of the equity in SG Austria,
and this investment is reported on the cost method of accounting. SG Austria has two subsidiaries: (i) Austrianova; and (ii) Austrianova
Thailand. The Company purchased products and services from these subsidiaries in the approximate amounts of and in the
years ended April 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

In April 2014, the Company entered the Vin-de-Bona
Consulting Agreement pursuant to which it agreed to provide professional consulting services to the Company. Vin-de-Bona is owned by Prof.
G nzburg and Dr. Salmons, both of whom are involved in numerous aspects of the Company s scientific endeavors relating to cancer
and diabetes (Prof. G nzburg is the Chairman of Austrianova, and Dr. Salmons is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Austrianova).
The term of the agreement is for 12 months, automatically renewable for successive 12-month terms. After the initial term, either party
can terminate the agreement by giving the other party 30 days written notice before the effective date of termination. The agreement
has been automatically renewed annually. The amounts incurred for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, were approximately 
 and , respectively. 

Office Lease 

On May 24, 2021, the Company entered into a lease
for its office space in Laguna Hills, California for a six-month lease for the leased premises commencing on September 1, 2021. The term
of the lease expired on February 28, 2022. 

In October 2021, the Company moved the Company s
headquarters from Laguna Hills, California to Las Vegas. Nevada. In doing so, the Company entered into a lease for office space in Las
Vegas, Nevada. The term of the lease expired on April 30, 2022. 

In January 2022, the Company entered into an additional
six-month lease of the Las Vegas, Nevada office space, commencing on May 1, 2022, which expired on October 31, 2022. 

In July 2022, the Company entered into an additional
six-month lease of the Las Vegas, Nevada office space, commencing on November 1, 2022, which expired on April 30, 2023. 

In January 2023, the Company entered into a month-to-month
agreement of the Las Vegas office space, commencing on May 1, 2023. 

Rent expenses for these offices for the years
ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. 

With the month-to-month office rental agreements
there are no aggregate future minimum lease payments required to be made. 

Material Agreements 

The Company s material agreements are identified
and summarized in Note 1 Nature of Business Company Background. 

Compensation Agreements 

The Company entered into executive compensation
agreements with Kenneth L. Waggoner, Gerald W. Crabtree and Carlos A. Trujillo in March 2015, each of which was amended in December 2015
and March 2017. The Company s compensation agreements with Mr. Waggoner and Mr. Trujillo were amended and restated effective January
1, 2022. The compensation agreements with Dr. Crabtree had a term of two years and the compensation agreements for Mr. Waggoner and Mr.
Trujillo had a term of three years, with automatic renewals unless the Company or the officer provides written notice of termination at
least ninety days prior to the end of the current term. 

Effective October 6, 2022, Mr. Waggoner signed
the Separation, Consulting and Release Agreement Separation Agreement ), whereby he resigned from all positions with the
Company and its subsidiaries. The Separation Agreement contains a consulting services agreement covering a twelve-month period, whereby
Mr. Waggoner will serve as an independent contractor for the Company in exchange for a monthly consulting fee of approximately 36,000
for the duration of such period. 

Effective October 11, 2022, Dr. Crabtree signed
a release agreement with the Company, whereby he resigned from all Company positions, including all positions with the Company s
subsidiaries. 

In May 2017, the Company amended the compensation
agreements with each of the then-current independent Board members, and the terms of such amended agreements continue in effect until
a member is no longer on the Board. 

As of April 30, 2023, the Company had five directors.
Each director was entitled to receive 12,500 in cash for each calendar quarter of service on the Board. 

On August 15, 2022, the Company and the Board:
(i) accepted the previously tendered irrevocable resignation of each of Dr. Matthias L hr, Dr. Raymond C.F. Tong, Thomas Liquard,
Dr. Gerald W. Crabtree, and Carlos A. Trujillo, as members of the Board, and (ii) appointed Jonathan L. Schechter, Joshua N. Silverman,
Daniel Allen, Daniel S. Farb, and Jack E. Stover as independent members of the Board, effective immediately, each with a term expiring
at the Company s 2022 annual meeting of shareholders or until such person s earlier death, resignation, disqualification or
removal. 

On November 1, 2022, Jack E. Stover notified the
Company of his decision to resign from the Board effective immediately. On November 14, 2022, in accordance with the recommendation of
the Company s Nominating Committee, Robert Weinstein was appointed to serve as a director of the Board and the Chairperson of the
Audit Committee, with a term expiring at the Company s annual meeting of shareholders or until death, resignation, disqualification
or removal. 

On November 14, 2022, the Board approved the employment
of Mr. Joshua Silverman as the Interim Chief Executive Officer, Interim President and Interim Chairman of the Board on a month-to-month
basis. Upon Mr. Silverman accepting employment he was no longer an independent director. 

On December 28, 2022, the Company held its annual
meeting of stockholders. The stockholders voted to elect the following directors to serve one-year terms expiring in 2023: Joshua N. Silverman,
Jonathan L. Schechter, Michael M. Abecassis, Robert Weinstein and Wayne R. Walker. 

Service Agreements 

The Company has entered into several service agreements
with independent and related parties pursuant to which services will be provided over a specified period-of-time related to the IND which
the FDA has placed on clinical hold. The services include regulatory affairs strategy, advice and follow up work on the IND and services
related to having the clinical hold lifted. The total cost is estimated to be approximately 212,000, of which the related party (SG Austria
and its subsidiaries) portion will be approximately 157,000. These amounts take into account some of the cost associated with the work
and preclinical studies required to lift the clinical hold. 

and ,
respectively, available to offset against future taxable income; these operating loss carryforwards expire in 2022 through 2038. Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 imposes an annual limitation for the utilization of tax attributes if there is an ownership change .
Based upon the equity activity during the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company had an ownership change in August 2021. As a result
of the change in-control that occurred in the Company s shareholder base in August 2021, approximately 
and 
federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, respectively, became limited in their availability. The remaining net operating
loss carryforwards are approximately 
and 
for federal and state purposes, respectively. The remaining net operating loss deferred tax assets are approximately 
and for federal and state purposes, respectively. 

Current tax laws limit the amount of loss available
to be offset against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs. Therefore, the amount available to offset future
taxable income may be limited. Based on the assessment of all available evidence including, but not limited to, the Company s limited
operating history in its core business and lack of profitability, uncertainties of the commercial viability of its technology, the impact
of government regulations and healthcare reform initiatives and other risks normally associated with biotechnology companies, the Company
has concluded that is more likely than not that these operating loss carryforwards will not be realized. Accordingly, 100 of the deferred
tax valuation allowance has been recorded against these assets. 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effect of temporary differences
between the financial reporting carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and income tax carrying amounts of assets and liabilities.
The components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Stock compensation 

Research and development 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

For all years presented, the Company did not recognize
any deferred tax assets or liabilities. The net change in valuation allowance for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 was an increase
of and a decrease of , respectively. 

The provision for income taxes differs from the
provision computed by applying the Federal statutory rate to net loss before income taxes as follows: 

State income taxes, net of Federal taxes 

Permanent differences 

Provision related to change in valuation allowance 

Expired stock options 

Net valuation allowance for state NOLs 

Other, net 

Provision for income taxes 

There have been no changes to the Company s
liability for unrecognized tax benefits during the year ended April 30, 2023. 

The Company files its income tax returns in the
U.S. Federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. As of the year ended April 30, 2023, the tax returns for 2018 through 2022
remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. 

The Company s policy is to recognize any
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. As of the years ended April 30, 2023
and 2022, the Company had accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

The table below sets forth these potentially dilutive
securities: 

Excluded warrants 

Total excluded options and warrants 

shares of
preferred stock, with a par value of , of which one share had been designated as Series A Preferred Stock as of April
30, 2022. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

The description of the Series A Preferred Stock
below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended. 

The Series A Preferred Stock has the following
features: 

There is one share of preferred stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock; 

The Series A Preferred Stock has a number of votes at any time equal to the number of votes then held by all other shareholders of the Company having a right to vote on any matter plus one. The Certificate of Designations that designated the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock cannot be amended without the consent of the holder of the Series A Preferred Stock; 

The Company may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at any time for a redemption price of 1.00 paid to the holder of the share of Series A Preferred Stock; and 

The Series A Preferred Stock has no rights of transfer, conversion, dividends, preferences upon liquidation or participation in any distributions to shareholders. 

million . In January 2023, the Board authorized an additional share repurchase
program to acquire up to an additional 10 million of the Company s outstanding common stock the New Program ). In
conjunction with the share repurchase programs, the Company selected a broker to repurchase shares on behalf of the Company. The amount
of common stock repurchased on any given trading day is determined by a formula, which is based on the market price of the common stock
and average daily volumes. Shares repurchased are held in treasury for general corporate purposes. During the year ended April 30, 2023,
the Company repurchased shares at a total cost, including commissions, of . These shares are treated as Treasury
Stock using the cost method. The shares repurchased are included in Treasury Stock in the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheets. At April 30, 2023, including the New Program, remains available to repurchase the Company s common stock pursuant
to the share repurchase programs. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s
ability to settle conversions and make amortization payments using shares of Common Stock is subject to certain limitations set forth
in the Certificate of Designations, including a limit on the number of shares that may be issued until the time, if any, that the Company s
stockholders have approved the issuance of more than 19.9 of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock in accordance with
Nasdaq listing standards (the Nasdaq Stockholder Approval ). The Company has agreed to seek stockholder approval of these
matters at a meeting to be held no later than October 1, 2023. Further, the Certificate of Designations contains a certain beneficial
ownership limitation after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of, or as part of any amortization
payment under, the Certificate of Designations or Warrants. 

The Certificate of Designations includes certain
Triggering Events (as defined in the Certificate of Designations), including, among other things, the failure to file and maintain an
effective registration statement covering the sale of the holder s securities registrable pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
(defined below) and the Company s failure to pay any amounts due to the holders of the Preferred Shares when due. In connection
with a Triggering Event, each holder of Preferred Shares will be able to require the Company to redeem in cash any or all of the holder s
Preferred Shares at a premium set forth in the Certificate of Designations. 

Tender Offer 

On May 11, 2023, the Company commenced a tender
offer, in accordance with Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to purchase up to 7,750,000 shares
of its common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, at a price of 3.25 per share. The tender offer expired one minute after 11:59 p.m.
on June 9, 2023, and following such expiration the Company accepted for purchase a total of 8,085,879 shares at 3.25 per share, including
335,879 shares that the Company elected to purchase pursuant to its right to purchase up to an additional 2 of its outstanding shares.
The resultant aggregate purchase price was approximately 26,279,000, excluding fees and expenses relating to the tender offer. 

On June 23, 2023, the Company received a notice
of exercise relating to the Pre-funded Warrants pursuant to the registered direct offering in the amount of 70 which resulted in the
issuance of 70,000 shares of common stock. 

Year ended April 30, 2022 

) 

F- 29 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 pharmacyte_ex2101.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

Viridis Biotech, Inc. 
 
 Nevada, USA 

PharmaCyte Biotech Australia Pty. Ltd. 

Australia 

PharmaCyte Biotech Europe Limited 
 
 Ireland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 pharmacyte_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-255044 and 333-260849) and Registration Statement on Form S-3 MEF (333-258921) of
PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. of our report dated July 31, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial
statement schedules, which appears in this Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023 listed in the accompanying index. 

/s/ Armanino LLP 

 Irvine, California 

July 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 pharmacyte_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Joshua N. Silverman, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. Report and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year
ended April 30, 2023; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this Report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: July 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Joshua N. Silverman 

Name: Joshua N. Silverman 

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer on behalf of Registrant) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 pharmacyte_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Carlos A. Trujillo, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc. Report and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year
ended April 30, 2023; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this Report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: July 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Carlos A. Trujillo 

Name: Carlos A. Trujillo 

Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer on behalf of Registrant) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 pharmacyte_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

 WRITTEN STATEMENT 
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of PharmaCyte
Biotech, Inc. and its subsidiaries Company on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023 as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission Commission on the date hereof Report ), the undersigned, Joshua N. Silverman, Interim
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: July 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Joshua N. Silverman 

Name: Joshua N. Silverman 

Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer on behalf of Registrant) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and will be furnished
to the Commission or its staff upon request. This exhibit is not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, but is instead furnished as provided by applicable rules of the Commission. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 pharmacyte_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

 WRITTEN STATEMENT 
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of PharmaCyte
Biotech, Inc. and its subsidiaries Company on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023 as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission Commission on the date hereof Report ), the undersigned, Carlos A. Trujillo, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: July 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Carlos A. Trujillo 

Name: Carlos A. Trujillo 

Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer on behalf of Registrant) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and will be furnished
to the Commission or its staff upon request. This exhibit is not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, but is instead furnished as provided by applicable rules of the Commission. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pmcb-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pmcb-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pmcb-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pmcb-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

