<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_1848334_0001079973-23-001334.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2993035</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>214148</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>630620</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>764693</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>569353</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>734291</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-23-001334.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928170022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-23-001334
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OKMIN RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001848334
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				854401166
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56381
		FILM NUMBER:		231290639

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16501 VENTURA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ENCINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91436
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-201-3727

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16501 VENTURA BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ENCINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91436

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-23-001334.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 okmin_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to
___________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act: 

Common Stock, par value
 0.0001 per share 

 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standard provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of December 31, 2022, the last business day
of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was
 . 

As of September 21, 2023, the issuer had 
shares of its common stock outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 6 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 19 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 
 20 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 26 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 27 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 28 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 32 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 33 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 
 34 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 34 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 36 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 38 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 39 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 39 
 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits 
 
 40 

i 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in Part I, Item
1. Business, Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, but are also contained elsewhere in this Annual Report in some cases
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , potential , continue ,
 expects , anticipates , intends , plans , believes , estimates ,
and similar expressions. These statements are based on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions and are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control, that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed, projected or implied in or by the forward-looking statements. 

You should refer to Item
1A. Risk Factors section of this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to
differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you
that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove
to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should
not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in
any specified time frame, or at all. We do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Unless the context requires
otherwise, references to we, us, our, and Company, refer to Okmin Resources, Inc.
and its subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Okmin Resources, Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries,
 Okmin or the Company was incorporated in Nevada in December 2020 to engage in the business of the acquisition,
exploration and development of oil and gas properties, mineral rights and other natural resource assets. 

As a development stage company, Okmin has been focused
on the acquisition and development of domestic oil and gas fields, investing in lower profile rework and recompletion opportunities with
lower entry costs. The Company's initial projects are located in Oklahoma and Kansas. 

The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries that
conduct oil and gas activities, Okmin Operations, LLC, organized on May 25, 2021 in the State of Kansas, and Okmin Energy LLC, organized
on November 21, 2021 in the State of Oklahoma. 

The Company has an interest in four separate projects: 

1) 
 The Blackrock Joint Venture encompassing 15 oil and gas leases in Oklahoma 

2) 
 A 72.5 Net Revenue Interest in the Vitt oil lease located in Neosho County, Kansas 

3) 
 A 50 Joint Venture interest in West Sheppard Pool, a natural gas project in Northeast Oklahoma 

4) 
 A 50 Joint Venture interest in Pushmataha, a natural gas project in Southeast Oklahoma 

The Company has not conducted any reserve evaluations
or calculations, and there are currently no proven reserves on any of the Company s properties. 

Our business strategy is to enhance the value of our
acquired operated assets through evaluation of certain properties with the goal of increasing production. We plan to deploy
our capital in a conservative and strategic manner and pursue value-enhancing transactions and expect to continuously evaluate strategic
alternative opportunities that we believe will enhance shareholder value. 

1 

Recent Events 

In February 2021 Okmin entered into a Joint Venture
Agreement and Operating Agreement committing 100,000 in the initial phase to acquire working interests in ten oil and gas leases located
in Okmulgee and Muskogee Counties in Oklahoma. Under the Operating Agreement, Okmin had a 50 Working Interest in 710 acres and a
25 interest in 80 acres. The Company s Joint Venture partner, Blackrock Energy LLC Blackrock is the Operator of
the project. Pursuant to a further agreement entered into on June 10, 2022, the Company added an additional five oil and gas leases across
739 acres to its joint venture with Blackrock, thereby expanding the overall project to fifteen leases covering over 1,500 acres. 

In July 2021, the Company through its wholly owned
Kansas subsidiary, Okmin Operations, LLC, entered into an agreement to acquire a 72.5 Net Revenue Interest in the Vitt Lease located
in Neosho County, Kansas. Okmin Operations, LLC acquired the lease with a cash payment of 25,000 together with a commitment to make additional
expenditures to rework the wells on the lease. The lease covers 160 acres and currently includes eleven existing oil and gas wells and
four water injection wells. 

In August 2021, the Company entered into an option
agreement with Blackrock to acquire a 50 joint venture interest in the West Sheppard Pool Field, a series of leases totaling 1,930 acres
located in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma. In November 2021, the Company exercised its option and entered into a definitive joint venture and
operating agreement with Blackrock at a cost of 150,000 in cash. The 26 existing wells on the leases range from 850 feet to 1,950 feet
in depth with gas production from several zones as their main objective. 

In December 2021,
the Company exercised its option and entered into a definitive joint venture and operating agreement with Blackrock to acquire 50 of
Blackrock s interest in the Pushmataha Gas Field, comprising 6 leases covering an area of 3,840 acres located in Pushmataha County,
Oklahoma. Blackrock had previously entered into a separate option to acquire working interests ranging from 92-100 in the existing wells
and lease acreage from a third party. In connection with the initial acquisition, the Company expended approximately 253,000 in
cash. 

Subject to the Company being able to secure adequate
additional financing, Okmin may also acquire the rights to and participate in drilling and/or other mining operations. The Company will
evaluate exploration and mining opportunities and other strategic corporate opportunities as they become available from time to time. 

In the 2024 fiscal year we anticipate cash needs of
a minimum of 600,000, of which we attribute approximately 300,000 to maintain general corporate overhead and 300,000 for continued
work on our existing lease properties including but not limited to workovers, re-entries, stimulation treatments and recompletions of
existing non or low producing wells. Based on the Company s cash position as of June 30, 2023, additional financing will be required
to meet its budgeted expenditures for fiscal 2024. Management intends to raise such additional financing through private sales of the
Company s securities, but no assurance can be given that such financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

Activities with Operating Partners 

We own working interests in oil and natural gas prospects
in varying stages of exploration and development. The operators of our projects are familiar with the geology and operating components
of each project. Although the operators have their own technical staff and consultants, consistent with industry practice with smaller
independent oil and natural gas companies, we utilize our own specialized consultants, as needed. 

Environmental Laws and Regulations 

Environmental Matters 

Our operations and properties are subject to extensive
and changing federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the generation, storage, handling,
emission, transportation and discharge of materials into the environment, and relating to safety and health. The recent trend in environmental
legislation and regulation generally is toward stricter standards, and this trend will likely continue. These laws and regulations may: 

Require the acquisition of a permit or other authorization before construction
or drilling commences and for certain other activities; 

Limit or prohibit construction, drilling and other activities on certain
lands lying within wilderness and other protected areas; and 

Impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from operations. 

The permits required for our operations may be subject
to revocation, modification and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental authorities have the power to enforce their regulations,
and violations are subject to fines or injunctions, or both. 

2 

Research and Development 

No research and development expenditures have been
incurred during the past two fiscal years. 

Insurance 

Our operators undertake to have general liability
and property insurance coverage in amounts deemed sufficient for the business operations. Our insurance coverage is limited, and there
is no guarantee that any insurance coverage would be sufficient to protect the value of our assets or to fully cover any losses sustained.
Payment of substantial liabilities in excess of coverage could require diversion of internal capital away from regular business, which
could result in curtailment of projected future operations. 

Forward Plan 

In 2023 and beyond, we intend to seek additional opportunities
in the oil and natural gas sector, including but not limited to further acquisition of assets, participation with current and new industry
partners in their exploration and development projects, acquisition of existing companies, and the purchase of producing assets. 

Business Strategy 

Key elements of our business strategy include: 

Deploy our Capital in a Conservative and Strategic Manner and Review Opportunities to Bolster our Liquidity.
In the current industry environment, maintaining liquidity is critical. Therefore, we will be highly selective in the projects we evaluate
and will review opportunities to bolster our liquidity and financial position through various means. 

Evaluate and Pursue Value-Enhancing Transactions. We will continuously evaluate strategic alternative
opportunities that we believe will enhance shareholder value. 

Industry Operating Environment 

The oil and natural gas industry is affected by many
factors that we generally cannot control. Government regulations, particularly in the areas of taxation, energy, climate change and the
environment, can have a significant impact on operations and profitability. Significant factors that will impact oil prices in the current
fiscal year and future periods include the Russian war with Ukraine, inflation, political and social developments in the Middle East,
demand in Asian and European markets, and the extent to which members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and other oil exporting nations manage oil supply through export quotas. Natural gas prices are generally determined by North American
supply and demand and are also affected by imports and exports of liquefied natural gas. Weather also has a significant impact on demand
for natural gas since natural gas is a primary heating source. 

In early March 2020, there was an outbreak of a novel
strain of coronavirus, which causes the infectious disease known as COVID-19, which resulted in a drastic decline in global demand of
certain mineral and energy products including crude oil. As a result of the lower demand caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the oversupply
of crude oil, spot and future prices of crude oil fell to historic lows during the second quarter of 2020, which remained depressed for
the majority of 2020. Lower oil and natural gas prices not only decrease our revenues, but an extended decline in oil or gas prices may
materially and adversely affect our future business, financial position, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity, ability to finance
planned capital expenditures and the oil and natural gas reserves that we can economically produce. 

Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and decreases
in commodity prices, resulting from oversupply, government-imposed travel restrictions, and other constraints on economic activity created
disruptions and volatility in the global marketplace for oil and gas. While demand and commodity prices recovered and are back to, or
greater than pre-pandemic levels, our financial results may continue to be depressed in future quarters. These factors may adversely impact
the supply and demand for oil and gas and our ability to produce and transport oil and gas and perform operations at and on our properties.
This uncertainty also affects management s accounting estimates and assumptions, which could result in greater variability in a
variety of areas that depend on these estimates and assumptions, including investments, receivables, and forward-looking guidance. 

3 

Development 

We have primarily engaged in oil and natural gas exploration
and production by participating, on a proportionate basis, alongside third-party interests in wells drilled and completed in spacing units
that include our acreage. 

During 2024, our development activities will be focused
on production and continuing development of our property interest with our joint interest operators. 

Seasonality 

Winter weather conditions and lease stipulations can
limit or temporarily halt our drilling and producing activities and other oil and natural gas operations and those of our operating partners.
These constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay or temporarily halt the operations of our operating partners and
materially increase our operating and capital costs. Such seasonal anomalies can also pose challenges for meeting well drilling objectives
and may increase competition for equipment, supplies and personnel during the spring and summer months, which could lead to shortages
and increase costs or delay or temporarily halt our operations and those of our operating partners. 

Governmental Regulation 

Our operations are subject to various rules, regulations
and limitations impacting the oil and natural gas exploration and production industry as a whole. 

Regulation of Oil and Natural Gas Production 

Our oil and natural gas exploration, production and
related operations are subject to extensive rules and regulations promulgated by federal, state, tribal and local authorities and agencies.
Many states may also have statutes or regulations addressing conservation matters, including provisions for the unitization or pooling
of oil and natural gas properties, the location of wells, the method of drilling and casing wells, the surface use and restoration of
properties upon which wells are drilled, the sourcing and disposal of water used in the process of drilling, the flaring of natural gas,
completion and abandonment, the establishment of maximum rates of production from wells, and the regulation of spacing, plugging and abandonment
of such wells. The effect of these regulations is to limit the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce from our wells and to
limit the number of wells or the locations at which we can drill. Moreover, many states impose a production or severance tax with respect
to the production and sale of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids within their jurisdictions. Failure to comply with any such rules
and regulations can result in substantial penalties. The regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry will most likely increase
our cost of doing business and may affect our profitability. Because such rules and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted,
we are unable to predict the future cost or impact of complying with such laws. Significant expenditures may be required to comply with
governmental laws and regulations and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally,
currently unforeseen environmental incidents may occur or past non-compliance with environmental laws or regulations may be discovered.
Therefore, we are unable to predict the future costs or impact of compliance. Additional proposals and proceedings that affect the oil
and natural gas industry are regularly considered by Congress, the states, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC and the courts. We cannot predict when or whether any such proposals may become effective. 

Regulation of Transportation of Oil 

Sales of crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids
are not currently regulated and are made at negotiated prices. Nevertheless, Congress could re-enact price controls in the future. Our
sales of crude oil are affected by the availability, terms and cost of transportation. The transportation of oil by common carrier pipelines
is also subject to rate and access regulation. The FERC regulates interstate oil pipeline transportation rates under the Interstate Commerce
Act. In general, interstate oil pipeline rates must be cost-based, although settlement rates agreed to by all shippers are permitted and
market-based rates may be permitted in certain circumstances. Effective January 1, 1995, the FERC implemented regulations establishing
an indexing system (based on inflation) for transportation rates for oil pipelines that allows a pipeline to increase its rates annually
up to a prescribed ceiling, without making a cost-of-service filing. Every five years, the FERC reviews the appropriateness of the index
level in relation to changes in industry costs. 

Intrastate oil pipeline transportation rates are subject
to regulation by state regulatory commissions. The basis for intrastate oil pipeline regulation and the degree of regulatory oversight
and scrutiny given to intrastate oil pipeline rates varies from state to state. Insofar as effective interstate and intrastate rates are
equally applicable to all comparable shippers, we believe that the regulation of oil transportation rates will not affect our operations
in any way that is of material difference from those of our competitors that are similarly situated. 

Further, interstate and intrastate common carrier
oil pipelines must provide service on a non-discriminatory basis. Under this open access standard, common carriers must offer service
to all similarly situated shippers requesting service on the same terms and under the same rates. When oil pipelines operate at full capacity,
access is generally governed by pro-rationing provisions set forth in the pipelines published tariffs. Accordingly, we believe
that access to oil pipeline transportation services generally will be available to us to the same extent as to our similarly situated
competitors. 

4 

Regulation of Transportation and Sales of Natural
Gas 

Historically, the transportation and sale for resale
of natural gas in interstate commerce has been regulated by the FERC under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 NGA ), the Natural
Gas Policy Act of 1978 NGPA and regulations issued under those statutes. In the past, the federal government has regulated
the prices at which natural gas could be sold. While sales by producers of natural gas can currently be made at market prices, Congress
could reenact price controls in the future. 

Onshore gathering services, which occur upstream of
FERC jurisdictional transmission services, are regulated by the states. Although the FERC has set forth a general test for determining
whether facilities perform a non-jurisdictional gathering function or a jurisdictional transmission function, the FERC s determinations
as to the classification of facilities is done on a case-by-case basis. State regulation of natural gas gathering facilities generally
includes various safety, environmental and, in some circumstances, nondiscriminatory take requirements. Although such regulation has not
generally been affirmatively applied by state agencies, natural gas gathering may receive greater regulatory scrutiny in the future. 

Intrastate natural gas transportation and facilities
are also subject to regulation by state regulatory agencies, and certain transportation services provided by intrastate pipelines are
also regulated by FERC. The basis for intrastate regulation of natural gas transportation and the degree of regulatory oversight and scrutiny
given to intrastate natural gas pipeline rates and services varies from state to state. Insofar as such regulation within a particular
state will generally affect all intrastate natural gas shippers within the state on a comparable basis, we believe that the regulation
of similarly situated intrastate natural gas transportation in any states in which we operate and ship natural gas on an intrastate basis
will not affect our operations in any way that is of material difference from those of our competitors. Like the regulation of interstate
transportation rates, the regulation of intrastate transportation rates affects the marketing of natural gas that we produce, as well
as the revenues we receive for sales of our natural gas. 

Marketing, Major Customers and Delivery Commitments 

Markets for oil and natural gas are volatile and are
subject to wide fluctuations depending on numerous factors beyond our control, including seasonality, economic conditions, foreign imports,
political conditions in other energy producing countries, OPEC market actions, and domestic government regulations and policies. All of
our production is marketed by our industry partners for our benefit and is sold to competing buyers, including large oil refining companies
and independent marketers. Substantially all of our production is sold pursuant to agreements with pricing based on prevailing commodity
prices, subject to adjustment for regional differentials and similar factors. We had no material delivery commitments as of June 30, 2023. 

Competition 

The oil and natural gas business is highly competitive
in the search for and acquisition of additional reserves and in the sale of oil and natural gas. Our competitors principally consist of
major and intermediate-sized integrated oil and natural gas companies, independent oil and natural gas companies and individual producers
and operators. Specifically, we compete for property acquisitions and our operating partners compete for the equipment and labor required
to operate and develop our properties. Our competitors may be able to pay more for properties and may be able to define, evaluate, bid
for and purchase a greater number of properties than we can. Ultimately, our future success will depend on our ability to develop or acquire
additional reserves at costs that allow us to remain competitive. 

Human Capital
Resources 

We believe that our success
depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. The Company currently employs its President/CEO and part-time administrative
staff. We otherwise rely on the services of independent contractors. 

5 

Our Offices 

Our principal executive office is located at 16501
Ventura Blvd., Suite 400, Encino CA, 91436. 

Our Website 

www.okminresources.com 

Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently a party to, and our property
is not subject to, any material legal proceedings. 

Reports to Security Holders 

We intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports
containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public accounting firm and to make available quarterly reports containing
unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year. We file Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports
on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the SEC in order to meet our timely and continuous disclosure requirements. We may also
file additional documents with the SEC if they become necessary in the course of our company s operations. 

The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports,
proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site
is www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following material risk factors as well as all other information set forth or referred
to in this report before purchasing shares of our common stock. 

Summary Risk Factors 

our ability to obtain sufficient cash flow from operations, borrowing, and/or other sources to fulfil
our business plan; 

volatility in oil and natural gas prices, including further declines in oil prices and/or natural gas
prices, which would have a negative impact on operating cash flow and could require further ceiling test write-downs on our oil and natural
gas assets; 

the possibility that the oil and natural gas industry may be subject to new adverse regulatory or legislative
actions (including changes to existing tax rules and regulations and changes in environmental regulation); 

the general risks of exploration and development activities, including the failure to find oil and natural
gas in sufficient commercial quantities to provide a reasonable return on investment; 

future oil and natural gas production rates; 

environmental risks; 

availability of pipeline capacity and other means of transporting crude oil and natural gas production,
and related midstream infrastructure and services; 

competition in acquiring interest in existing properties and new acreage with other operating companies,
resulting in less favorable terms or fewer opportunities being available; 

higher drilling and completion costs related to competition for drilling and completion services and shortages
of labor and materials; 

disruptions resulting from unanticipated weather events, natural disasters, and public health crises and
pandemics, such as the coronavirus, resulting in possible delays of drilling and completions and the interruption of anticipated production
streams of hydrocarbons, which could impact expenses and revenues; 

6 

our lack of effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; 

our ability to maintain the market for our common stock on OTC Markets; 

dilution caused by new equity or debt offerings; 

our need for additional capital to conduct our operations and fund our business, complete future acquisitions,
and our ability to obtain such necessary funding on favorable terms, if at all; 

the speculative nature of our oil and gas operations, and general risks associated with the exploration
for, and production of oil and gas; including accidents, equipment failures or mechanical problems which may occur while drilling or completing
wells or in production activities; operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be adequately insured; the threat
and impact of terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks or similar hostilities; declining production; and losses or costs we may incur as a result
of title deficiencies or environmental issues in the properties in which we invest, any one of which may adversely impact our operations; 

changes in the legal and regulatory environment governing the oil and natural gas industry, including
new or amended environmental legislation or regulatory initiatives which could result in increased costs, additional operating restrictions,
or delays, or have other adverse effects on us; 

improvements in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies that could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations; 

the fact that our officers and directors beneficially own a majority of our common stock and that their
interests may be different from other shareholders; 

our dependence on the continued involvement of our present management; 

economic downturns and possible recessions caused thereby (including as a result of COVID-19, increases
in inflation or global conflicts, such as the current conflict in Ukraine); 

the effects of global pandemics, such as COVID-19 on our operations, properties, the market for oil and
gas, and the demand for oil and gas; 

the need to write-down assets and/or shut-in wells, or our non-operated wells being shut-in by their operators; 

future litigation or governmental proceedings which could result in material adverse consequences, including
judgments or settlements; 

unanticipated down-hole mechanical problems, which could result in higher-than-expected drilling and completion
expenses and/or the loss of the wellbore or a portion thereof; and 

Other risks disclosed below under Risk Factors . 

Risk Factors 

The following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating
the information in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Risks Related to the Oil and Natural Gas Industry and Our Operations 

The Company has a limited operating history
and may not be successful in developing profitable business operations. 

Okmin has a limited operating history since its formation
in December 2020. As of the date of this filing, we have limited assets and revenues. Our future operating results will depend on many
factors, including: 

The ability to raise or access adequate working capital; 

The success of our oil and gas exploration and development operations; 

Our ability to control our costs and produce sufficient quantities of oil and natural gas at a profit; 

The prices of oil and natural gas; and 

Our ability to attract and retain key management. 

Despite our best efforts, we may not be successful
in our efforts to develop profitable business operations. 

7 

The oil and gas industry is highly competitive
and there is no assurance that the Company will be successful. 

The oil and natural gas exploration and production
industry is intensely competitive, and the Company competes with other companies that have greater resources. Many of these companies
not only explore for and produce oil and gas but also market oil and gas and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis.
These companies will be able to pay more for productive energy properties and exploratory prospects or define, evaluate, bid for and purchase
a greater number of properties and prospects than Okmin s financial or human resources permit. In addition, these companies will
have a greater ability to continue exploration activities during periods of low commodity market prices. The Company s larger competitors
may be able to absorb the burden of present and future foreign, federal, state, local and other laws and regulations more easily than
Okmin can, which would adversely affect its competitive position. The Company s ability to acquire additional properties and to
discover productive prospects in the future will be dependent upon its ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate
transactions in a highly competitive environment. In addition, because Okmin has fewer financial and human resources than many companies
in its industry, the Company may be at a disadvantage in bidding for exploratory prospects and producing properties. 

The Company has limited interests in oil and
gas leases and cannot guarantee that it will identify or acquire any additional viable leases or mineral property assets or interests. 

Okmin presently only has partial interests in projects
and leases with limited activity. The Company is currently seeking to identify other leases or mineral properties to acquire but the Company
cannot guarantee it will find any valuable leases or mineral properties. Even if the Company enters into additional joint ventures or
acquires additional interests in leases or other mineral properties on land being developed by a mining company, the Company cannot guarantee
that it will be able to capitalize on the increased value of its leasehold. 

If the Company cannot acquire any viable leases, mineral
property assets or mineral property interests, or cannot find any oil and gas or minerals on such leases or mineral properties, or it
is not economical to recover the oil and gas or minerals from those properties, the Company may have to curtail or cease operations. 

Drilling for and producing oil and natural
gas are highly speculative and involve a high degree of risk. 

Exploring for and developing
oil and natural gas involves a high degree of operational and financial risk. Predicting the costs involved in exploration and drilling
is difficult to achieve with a high degree of certainty. Our potential drilling locations are in various stages of evaluation, ranging
from locations that are ready to drill, to locations that will require substantial additional interpretation before they can be drilled.
The budgeted costs of planning, drilling, completing and operating wells are often exceeded, and such costs can increase significantly
due to various complications that may arise during the drilling and operating processes. Before a well is spudded, we may incur significant
licensing, geological and geophysical costs, which are incurred whether a well eventually produces commercial quantities of hydrocarbons
or is drilled at all. Exploration wells bear a much greater risk of loss than development wells. If our actual drilling and development
costs are significantly more than our estimated costs, we may not be able to continue our operations as proposed and could be forced to
modify our operating and/or drilling plans accordingly. 

If we decide to drill a certain
location, there is a risk that no commercially productive oil or natural gas reservoirs will be found or produced. We may recomplete
existing wells, drill new wells, or participate in new wells that are not productive. We may drill wells that are productive, but that
do not produce sufficient net revenues to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs. There is no way to predict in advance
with absolute certainty whether any particular location will yield oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to recover exploration,
drilling or completion costs or to be economically viable. Even if sufficient amounts of oil or natural gas exist, we may damage
the potentially productive hydrocarbon-bearing formation or experience mechanical difficulties while drilling or completing the well,
resulting in a reduction in production and reserves from the well or abandonment of the well. 

The Company has no
proven oil and gas reserves, and future wells we drill may not yield oil or natural gas in commercial quantities or at all. 

None of the Company s properties have been evaluated
for oil and gas reserves, and the Company has no proven reserves. There is no guarantee the Company s properties contain sufficient
recoverable oil and natural gas to be produced profitably, which may result in a loss of some or all of our investment in such projects.
If we do not drill productive and profitable wells in the future, it will have a material adverse impact on the Company s business
operations and financial condition. 

8 

The Company has limited capital and will need
to raise additional capital in the future. 

We do not currently have the capital necessary to
fund both our continuing operations and our planned growth. We will require additional capital to continue to grow our business
through the operation, maintenance and further development of our existing ventures and through the acquisition of additional properties.
We estimate that the Company will need to raise additional capital to fulfil its business plan including reworking and enhancing existing
projects, acquiring further oil and gas interests, or to acquire mineral exploration properties. Obtaining additional financing would
be subject to a number of factors, including the market prices for acquiring resource properties, investor acceptance of the Company s
interests, and investor sentiment. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing unavailable
to the Company. The most likely source of future funds presently available to the Company is through sale of equity capital. Any sale
of share capital will result in dilution to existing stockholders. The terms of securities we issue in future capital transactions may
be more favorable to our new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of other derivative securities,
and issuances of incentive awards under equity employee incentive plans, which may have a further dilutive effect. 

If we do not succeed in raising additional capital,
our resources may not be sufficient to fund our planned operations and will have a significant negative effect on our operations and financial
condition. 

Oil and natural gas prices are volatile and
declines in the prices of such commodities have in the past, and will continue in the future to, adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations, and our ability to meet our capital expenditure obligations or targets and financial commitments. 

The price of oil and natural gas heavily influences
our revenue, profitability, cash flows, liquidity, access to capital, present value and quality of our reserves, the nature and scale
of our operations, and our future rate of growth. Oil and natural gas are commodities and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide
fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand. In recent years, the markets for oil and natural gas have been
volatile. These markets will likely continue to be volatile in the future. Further, oil prices and natural gas prices do not necessarily
fluctuate in direct relation to each other. The price of crude oil has experienced significant volatility over the last five years, with
the price of a barrel of oil dropping below 20 during the early part of 2020, due in part to reduced global demand stemming from the
recent global COVID-19 outbreak, and most recently surging over 125 a barrel in early March 2022 following Russia s invasion of
Ukraine, before more recently trading around 90- 100 a barrel. A prolonged period of low market prices for oil and natural gas, or further
declines in the market prices for oil and natural gas, will likely result in capital expenditures being further curtailed and will adversely
affect our business, financial condition and liquidity. Additionally, lower oil and natural gas prices have, and may in the future, cause,
a decline in our stock price. 

As described above, oil and natural gas are commodities
and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand. Historically,
the commodities market has been volatile. An extended period of continued lower oil prices, or additional price declines, will have further
adverse effects on us. The prices we receive for any future production and the prices received from operators of our non-operated production,
and the levels of such production, will continue to depend on numerous factors, including the following: 

the domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas; 

the domestic and foreign demand for oil and natural gas; 

the prices and availability of competitors supplies of oil and natural gas; 

the actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, and state-controlled oil companies
relating to oil price and production controls; 

the price and quantity of foreign imports of oil and natural gas; 

the impact of U.S. dollar exchange rates on oil and natural gas prices and inflation; 

domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

9 

speculative trading of oil and natural gas futures contracts; 

localized supply and demand fundamentals, including the availability, proximity, and capacity of gathering
and transportation systems for natural gas; 

the availability of refining capacity; 

the prices and availability of alternative fuel sources; 

the threat, or perceived threat, or results, of viral pandemics, for example, previously experienced with
the COVID-19 pandemic; 

weather conditions and natural disasters; 

political conditions in or affecting oil, and natural gas producing regions, including the Middle East
and South America and the recent conflict in Ukraine; 

the continued threat of terrorism and the impact of military action and civil unrest; 

public pressure on, and legislative and regulatory interest within, federal, state, and local governments
to stop, significantly limit, or regulate oil and gas exploration and production activities; 

the level of global oil and natural gas inventories and exploration and production activity; 

authorization of exports from the United States of liquefied natural gas; 

the impact of energy conservation efforts; 

technological advances affecting energy consumption; and 

overall worldwide economic conditions. 

Declines in oil or natural gas prices will reduce
not only our revenue but also the amount of oil and natural gas that we, and the operators of our properties, can produce economically.
Should oil or natural gas prices decline in the future, the wells in which we have an interest may be forced to be shut-in, and exploration
and development plans for prospects and exploration or development activities may need to be postponed or abandoned. Declines in the prices
we receive for our oil and natural gas can also adversely affect our ability to finance capital expenditures, make acquisitions, raise
capital and satisfy our financial obligations. In addition, declines in prices can reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can
produce economically and the estimated future cash flow from that production, each of which would have a material negative effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We are not the operator of any of our properties
in which we have an interest, and therefore have limited control over activities on our properties, including the timing of exploration
or development efforts, associated costs, or the rate of production of these non-operated assets. 

We are not the operator of our properties, and, as
a result, our ability to exercise influence over the operations of these properties or their associated costs is limited. Our dependence
on the operators and other working interest owners of these projects and our limited ability to influence operations and associated costs
or control the risks could materially and adversely affect the realization of our targeted returns on capital in operating or acquisition
activities. The success and timing of our development activities on properties operated by others therefore depends upon a number of factors,
including: 

the nature and timing of the operator s operations, including drilling and other activities; 

the timing and amount of required capital expenditures; 

the operator s geological and engineering expertise and financial resources; 

the approval of other participants in operational decisions; and 

the operator s selection of suitable technology. 

The
fact that our industry partners serve as operator makes it more difficult for us to predict future production, cash flows and liquidity
needs. Our ability to grow our production often depends on decisions by our partners. 

10 

The development of oil and natural gas properties
involves substantial risks that may result in a total loss of investment. 

The business of exploring for, working over and developing
natural gas and oil properties involves a high degree of business and financial risk, and thus a significant risk of loss of initial investment
that even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome. The cost and timing of drilling,
workover completing and operating wells is often uncertain. Factors which can delay or prevent drilling or production, or otherwise impact
expected results, include but are not limited to: 

unexpected drilling conditions; 

inability to obtain required
permits from governmental authorities; 

inability to obtain, or limitations
on, easements from landowners; 

uncertainty regarding our operating
partners drilling schedules; 

high pressure or irregularities
in geologic formations; 

equipment failures; 

title problems; 

fires, explosions, blowouts,
cratering, pollution, spills and other environmental risks or accidents; 

changes in government regulations
and issuance of local drilling restrictions or moratoria; 

adverse weather; 

reductions in commodity prices; 

pipeline ruptures; and 

unavailability or high cost
of equipment, field services and labor. 

A productive well may become uneconomic in the event
unusual quantities of water or other non-commercial substances are encountered in the well bore that impair or prevent production. We
may participate in wells that are or become unproductive or, though productive, do not produce in economic quantities. In addition, even
commercial wells can produce less, or have higher costs, than we projected. 

In addition, initial 24-hour or other limited-duration
production rates announced regarding our oil and natural gas properties are not necessarily indicative of future production rates. 

Dry holes and other unsuccessful or uneconomic exploration,
exploitation and development activities can adversely affect our cash flow, profitability and financial condition, and can adversely affect
our reserves. 

Permitting requirements could delay our ability
to start or continue our operations. 

Oil and natural gas projects are subject to extensive
permitting requirements. Failure to timely obtain required permits to start operations at a project could cause delay and/or the failure
of the project resulting in a potential write-off of the investments made. 

Seasonal weather conditions adversely affect
our ability to conduct drilling activities in some of the areas where we operate. 

Our oil and natural gas operations can be adversely
affected by seasonal weather conditions. In these areas, drilling and other oil and natural gas activities sometimes cannot be conducted
as effectively during the winter months, and this can materially increase our operating and capital costs. Certain of our operations are
also subject to the risk of adverse weather events, such as thunderstorms and tornados. 

Unanticipated costs could require new capital that may not be available. 

The oil and natural gas business has the opportunity
for significant returns on investment, but achievement of such returns is subject to high risk. For example, initial results from one
or more of the oil and natural gas programs could be marginal but warrant investing in more wells. Dry holes, over-budget exploration
costs, low commodity prices, or any combination of these or other adverse factors, could result in production revenues falling below projections,
thus adversely impacting cash expected to be available for a continued work program, and a reduction in cash available for investment
in other programs. These types of events could require a reassessment of priorities and therefore potential re-allocations of existing
capital and could also mandate obtaining new capital. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any financing transaction
on acceptable terms. 

11 

Shortages of equipment, services and qualified
personnel could reduce our cash flow and adversely affect results of operations. 

The demand for qualified and experienced field personnel
to drill wells and conduct field operations, geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other professionals in the oil and natural gas industry
can fluctuate significantly, often in correlation with oil and natural gas prices and activity levels in new regions, causing periodic
shortages. These problems can be particularly severe in certain regions where we conduct operations. During periods of high oil and natural
gas prices, the demand for drilling rigs and equipment tends to increase along with increased activity levels, and this may result in
shortages of equipment. Higher oil and natural gas prices generally stimulate increased demand for equipment and services and subsequently
often result in increased prices for drilling rigs, crews and associated supplies, oilfield equipment and services, and personnel in exploration,
production and midstream operations. These types of shortages and subsequent price increases could significantly decrease our profit margin,
cash flow and operating results and/or restrict or delay our ability to drill those wells and conduct those activities that we currently
have planned and budgeted, causing us to miss our forecasts and projections. 

Competition may limit our opportunities in the
oil and natural gas business. 

The oil and natural gas business is very competitive.
We compete with many public and private exploration and development companies in finding investment opportunities. We also compete with
oil and natural gas operators in acquiring acreage positions. Our principal competitors are small to mid-size companies with in-house
petroleum exploration and drilling expertise. Many of our competitors possess and employ financial, technical and personnel resources
substantially greater than ours. They also may be willing and able to pay more for oil and natural gas properties than our financial resources
permit, and may be able to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties. In addition, there is substantial competition
in the oil and natural gas industry for investment capital, and we may not be able to compete successfully in raising additional capital
if needed. 

The Company s properties are concentrated
in one geographic area. 

Three of the Company s projects are located
in Oklahoma and one in Kansas. Since our properties are contained in a limited area, a number of our properties could experience the same
adverse conditions at the same time, resulting in a relatively greater impact on our operations than if we had a more diversified portfolio
of properties. Such conditions could have a negative material effect on our business and financial condition. 

If our access to oil and natural gas markets
is restricted, it could negatively impact our production and revenues. 

Market conditions or limited availability of satisfactory
oil and natural gas transportation arrangements may hinder our access to oil and natural gas markets or delay our production. The availability
of a ready market for our oil and natural gas production depends on a number of factors, including the demand for and supply of oil and
natural gas and the proximity of our production to pipelines and other midstream facilities. The ability to market our production depends
in substantial part on the availability and capacity of gathering systems, pipelines, rail transportation and processing facilities owned
and operated by third parties. In order to secure takeaway capacity and related services, we or our operating partners may be forced to
enter into arrangements that are not as favorable to operators as those in other areas. 

Many of our joint operating agreements contain
provisions that may be subject to legal interpretation, including allocation of non-consent interests, complex payout calculations that
impact the timing of reversionary interests, and the impact of joint interest audits. 

Substantially all of our oil and natural gas interests
are subject to joint operating and similar agreements. Some of these agreements include payment provisions that are complex and subject
to different interpretations and/or can be erroneously applied in particular situations. 

Joint interest audits are a normal process in our
business to ensure that operators adhere to standard industry practices in the billing of costs and expenses related to our oil and natural
gas properties. However, the ultimate resolution of joint interest audits can extend over a long period of time in which we attempt to
recover excessive amounts charged by the operator. Joint interest audits result in incremental costs for the audit services and we can
incur substantial amounts of legal fees to resolve disputes with the operators of our properties. 

12 

Certain U.S. federal income tax deductions currently
available with respect to oil and natural gas drilling and development may be eliminated as a result of future legislatio n. 

Possible elimination of certain key U.S. federal income
tax incentives currently available to oil and gas exploration and production could be eliminated in the future. If enacted into law,
any such proposals would eliminate certain tax preferences applicable to taxpayers engaged in the exploration or production of natural
resources. The passage of any legislation as a result of such proposals or any other similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could
eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that are currently available with respect to oil and natural gas exploration and development,
and any such change could increase our tax liability and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

We may purchase interests in oil and natural
gas properties with liabilities or risks that we did not know about or that we did not assess correctly, and, as a result, we could be
subject to liabilities that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Before acquiring oil and natural gas properties, we
estimate the reserves, future oil and natural gas prices, operating costs, potential environmental liabilities, and other factors relating
to the properties. However, our review involves many assumptions and estimates, and their accuracy is inherently uncertain. As a result,
we may not discover all existing or potential problems associated with the property interests we buy. We may not become sufficiently familiar
with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and capabilities. We generally do not perform inspections on every well or property,
and we may not be able to observe mechanical and environmental problems even when we conduct an inspection. The seller may not be willing
or financially able to give us contractual protection against any identified problems, and we may decide to assume environmental and other
liabilities in connection with the properties we acquire. If we acquire properties with risks or liabilities we did not know about or
that we did not assess correctly, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected as we settle
claims and incur cleanup costs related to these liabilities. 

Improvements in or new discoveries of alternative
energy technologies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Because our operations depend on the demand for oil
and natural gas, any improvement in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies (such as wind, solar, geothermal, fuel cells
and biofuels) that increase the use of alternative forms of energy and reduce the demand for oil, gas and oil and gas related products
could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Negative public perception regarding us and/or
our industry could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Negative public perception regarding us and/or our
industry resulting from, among other things, concerns raised by advocacy groups about waste disposal, oil spills, hydraulic fracturing,
seismic activity, climate change, explosions of natural gas transmission lines and the development and operation of pipelines and other
midstream facilities may lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, which may, in turn, lead to new state and federal safety and environmental
laws, regulations, guidelines and enforcement interpretations. Additionally, environmental groups, landowners, local groups and other
advocates may oppose our operations through organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage our operations or those of our midstream
transportation providers, intervene in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets or those of our midstream transportation
providers, or file lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt or delay the development or operation of our assets and business
or those of our midstream transportation providers. These actions may cause operational delays or restrictions, increased operating costs,
additional regulatory burdens and increased risk of litigation. Moreover, governmental authorities exercise considerable discretion in
the timing and scope of permit issuance and the public may engage in the permitting process, including through intervention in the courts.
Negative public perception could cause the permits we require to conduct our operations to be withheld, delayed or burdened by requirements
that restrict our ability to profitably conduct our business. 

Recently, activists concerned about the potential
effects of climate change have directed their attention towards sources of funding for fossil-fuel energy companies, which has resulted
in certain financial institutions, funds and other sources of capital restricting or eliminating their investment in energy-related activities.
Ultimately, this could make it more difficult to secure funding for exploration and production activities. 

13 

Risks Related to Governmental Regulations 

Oil and natural gas operations are subject to
environmental, legislative and regulatory initiatives that can materially adversely affect the timing and cost of operations and the demand
for crude oil and natural gas. 

Our operations are subject to stringent and complex
federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment and natural resources.
These laws and regulations can restrict or impact our business activities in many ways including, but not limited to the following: 

requiring the installation of pollution-control equipment or otherwise restricting the handling or disposal
of wastes and other substances associated with operations; 

limiting or prohibiting construction activities in sensitive areas, such as wetlands, coastal regions
or areas that contain endangered or threatened species and/or species of special statewide concern or their habitats; 

requiring investigatory and remedial actions to address pollution caused by our operations or attributable
to former operations; 

requiring noise, lighting, visual impact, odor and/or dust mitigation, setbacks, landscaping, fencing,
and other measures; 

restricting access to certain equipment or areas to a limited set of employees or contractors who have
proper certification or permits to conduct work (e.g., confined space entry and process safety maintenance requirements); and 

restricting or even prohibiting water use based upon availability, impacts or other factors. 

Failure to comply with these laws and regulations
may trigger a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including the assessment of monetary penalties, the
imposition of remedial or restoration obligations, and the issuance of orders enjoining future operations or imposing additional compliance
requirements. Certain environmental statutes impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to clean up and restore sites
where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or wastes have been disposed or otherwise released. Moreover, local restrictions, such as state
or local moratoria, city ordinances, zoning laws and traffic regulations, may restrict or prohibit the execution of operational plans.
In addition, third parties, such as neighboring landowners, may file claims alleging property damage, nuisance or personal injury arising
from our operations or from the release of hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or other waste products into the environment. 

The trend in environmental regulation is to place
more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the environment. We monitor developments at the federal, state and local
levels to keep informed of actions pertaining to future regulatory requirements that might be imposed in order to mitigate the costs of
compliance with any such requirements. We also monitor industry groups that help formulate recommendations for addressing existing or
future regulations and that share best practices and lessons learned in relation to pollution prevention and incident investigations. 

See Environmental Laws and Regulations 
in Item 1 Business in this Form 10-K for a discussion of the major environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that
relate to our business. We cannot
reasonably predict what applicable laws, regulations or guidance may eventually be adopted with respect to our operations or the ultimate
cost to comply with such requirements. 

Proposed
changes to U.S. tax laws, if adopted, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows. 

From time to
time, legislative proposals are made that would, if enacted, result in the elimination of the immediate deduction for intangible drilling
and development costs, the elimination of the deduction from income for domestic production activities relating to oil and gas exploration
and development, the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, and an extension of the amortization period
for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. Such changes, if adopted, or other similar changes that reduce or eliminate deductions
currently available with respect to oil and gas exploration and development, could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our ability to produce crude oil, natural gas,
and associated liquids economically and in commercial quantities could be impaired if we are unable to acquire adequate supplies of water
for our drilling operations and/or completions or are unable to dispose of or recycle the water we use at a reasonable cost and in accordance
with applicable environmental rules. 

The hydraulic fracturing process on which we and others
in our industry depend to complete wells that will produce commercial quantities of crude oil, natural gas, and requires the use and disposal
or recycling of significant quantities of water. Our inability to secure sufficient amounts of water, or to dispose of, or recycle the
water used in our operations, could adversely impact our operations. Moreover, the imposition of new environmental initiatives and regulations
could include restrictions on our ability to conduct certain operations such as hydraulic fracturing or disposal of wastes, including,
but not limited to, produced water, drilling fluids, and other wastes associated with the exploration, development, or production of crude
oil, natural gas, and. 

Compliance with environmental regulations and permit
requirements governing the withdrawal, storage, and use of surface water or groundwater necessary for hydraulic fracturing of wells may
increase our operating costs and cause delays, interruptions, or termination of our operations, the extent of which cannot be predicted,
all of which could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 

14 

Risks related to the Company 

The Company s auditors have expressed
a Going Concern opinion. 

The Company s auditor has included a going
concern opinion in its auditors report to the Company's consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2023. The qualification was included as a result of the Company's history of operating losses and negative financial trends. If the
Company is unable to meet its obligations, it will not be able to fulfill its business plan and be forced to reduce certain operations
or cease operations altogether. 

We depend significantly upon the continued involvement
of our present management. 

We depend to a significant degree upon the involvement
of our management, specifically, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Jonathan Herzog. Our performance and success
are dependent to a large extent on the efforts and continued employment of Mr. Herzog. We do not believe that Mr. Herzog could be quickly
replaced with personnel of equal experience and capabilities, and his successor(s) may not be as effective. If Mr. Herzog or any of our
other key personnel resign or become unable to continue in their present roles and if they are not adequately replaced, our business operations
could be adversely affected. 

We have an active Board of Directors that meets several
times throughout the year and is intimately involved in our business and the determination of our operational strategies. Members of our
Board of Directors work closely with management to identify potential prospects, acquisitions, and areas for further development. If any
of our directors resign or become unable to continue in their present role, it may be difficult to find replacements with the same knowledge
and experience and as a result, our operations may be adversely affected. 

Our Directors together have majority voting
control over the Company which limits the ability of other common shareholders to choose management and influence corporate matters. 

Our Directors, Jonathan Herzog and Thomas Lapinski,
together control 50,200,000 common shares and 5,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock, which, on an as-converted basis represents
a majority of our outstanding voting shares and gives them voting control over the Company. This gives them the ability to control the
outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election, removal, and replacement of our directors,
amendments to our Articles of Incorporations and Bylaws, and any decisions pertaining to a merger, consolidation, or sale of any or all
of our assets. 

The Company s principal officer and director may be subject
to conflicts of interest. 

Jonathan Herzog, the Company s President, Chief
Executive Officer and a director, devotes only that portion of his time to the Company s affairs that he deems necessary to accomplish
the Company s business plan. Mr. Herzog may also devote part of his working time to other business and employment endeavors, including
roles and consulting relationships with other entities, and he may have responsibilities to these other entities which would result in
conflicts of interest with the Company. Such conflicts include deciding how much time to devote to the Company s affairs, as well
as what business opportunities should be presented to the Company. Currently, Okmin has no policy in place to address such conflicts of
interest. 

The Company may have difficulty managing growth
in our business, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

As an early stage company, growth in accordance with
our business plan, if achieved, could place a significant strain on our financial, technical, operational, and management resources. As
we expand our activities and increase the number of projects we are evaluating or in which we participate, there will be additional demands
on our financial, technical, operational, and management resources. The failure to continue to upgrade our technical, administrative,
operating, and financial control systems or the occurrences of unexpected expansion difficulties, including the failure to recruit, engage
or retain professionals in the oil and natural gas industry, whether as employees or outside contractors, could have a negative material
effect on our business and financial condition. 

15 

Applicable regulatory requirements, including
those contained in and issued under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, may make it difficult for the Company to retain or attract qualified
officers and directors, which could adversely affect the management of its business and its ability to obtain or retain listing of its
common stock. 

The Company may be unable to attract and retain those
qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for effective management because of the rules and regulations
that govern publicly held companies, including, but not limited to, certifications by principal executive officers. The enactment of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act has resulted in the issuance of a series of related rules and regulations and the strengthening of existing rules and
regulations by the SEC, as well as the adoption of new and more stringent rules by the stock exchanges. The perceived increased personal
risk associated with these changes may deter qualified individuals from accepting roles as directors and executive officers. 

Further, some of these changes heighten the requirements
for board or committee membership, particularly with respect to an individual s independence from the corporation and level of experience
in finance and accounting matters. The Company may have difficulty attracting and retaining directors with the requisite qualifications.
If the Company is unable to attract and retain qualified officers and directors, the management of its business and its ability to obtain
or retain listing of our shares of common stock on any stock exchange (assuming the Company elects to seek and are successful in obtaining
such listing) could be adversely affected. 

We have not voluntary implemented various corporate
governance measures, in the absence of which, shareholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions,
conflict of interest and similar matters. 

Recent Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate
management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted
by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their
securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges are
those that address board of directors independence, audit committee oversight, and the adoption of a code of ethics. While we intend
to adopt certain corporate governance measures such as a code of ethics and established an audit committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee, and Compensation Committee of our board of directors, we presently do not have any independent directors. We intend to expand
our board membership in future periods to include independent directors. It is possible that if we were to have independent directors
on our board, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested
directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct. For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation
committees comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our
senior officers and recommendations for director nominees may be made by directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters
being decided. Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of both corporate governance measures and independent directors
in formulating their investment decisions. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting, and our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
during 2021, 2022 and 2023. We cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies do not exist or that
they will not occur in the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not
effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to
provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting, which
is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or
persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
GAAP. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. Based on the results of management s assessment and evaluation of our internal controls, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30,
2023 due to the material weaknesses described below. 

16 

As of June 30, 2023, we have identified the following
material weaknesses: 

We had inadequate segregation of duties as a result of limited accounting staff and resources, which may
impact our ability to prevent or detect material errors in our consolidated financial statements. 

We had inadequate segregation of duties related to logical access to our accounting systems, which may
affect our ability to prevent or detect material errors in the recorded transactions. 

As a result, our management also concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2023, such that the information relating to us required to be disclosed
in the reports we file with the SEC (a) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and (b) is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures and
such disclosure controls and procedures have not been deemed effective since approximately Jun 30, 2021. 

A material weakness is a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. A control deficiency exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course
of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. 

If the Company fails to maintain an effective
system of internal controls, it may not be able to accurately report its financial results or detect fraud. Consequently, investors could
lose confidence in the Company s financial reporting and this may decrease the trading price of its stock. 

The Company must maintain effective internal controls
to provide reliable financial reports and detect fraud. The Company has been assessing its internal controls to identify areas that need
improvement. It is in the process of implementing changes to internal controls but has not yet completed implementing these changes. Failure
to implement these changes to the Company s internal controls or any others that it identifies as necessary to maintain an effective
system of internal controls could harm its operating results and cause investors to lose confidence in the Company s reported financial
information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative effect on the trading price of the Company s stock. 

Insurance may be insufficient to cover future
liabilities. 

Our business is currently focused on oil and natural gas exploration and
development, and we also have potential exposure to general liability and property damage associated with the ownership of other corporate
assets. We depend on the operators of our oil and gas properties for insurance for those oil and natural gas operations, and we have limited
coverage of general liability and property damage associated with ownership of other corporate assets. We would be liable for claims in
excess of coverage and for any deductible provided for in the relevant policy. If uncovered liabilities are substantial, payment could
adversely impact the Company s cash on hand, resulting in possible curtailment of operations. Moreover, some liabilities are not
insurable at a reasonable cost or at all. 

We are dependent upon information technology
systems, which are subject to disruption, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation and integration. 

We are dependent upon information technology systems
in the conduct of our operations. Our information technology systems are subject to disruption, damage or failure from a variety of sources,
including, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, cyberattacks, natural disasters and defects in design. Cybersecurity
incidents, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to
data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise
protected information and the corruption of data. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to information technology
systems and network disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions,
we could potentially be subject to operational delays, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction
or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial
actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of
operations. 

17 

Risks Associated with our Securities 

Our common stock has been approved for trading
on the OTCQB, but trading volume in our common stock has been limited, and there is no assurance that an active market will develop. 

Our common stock was approved for trading on the OTCQB
in September 2022. To date, trading volume in our common stock has been limited. Investors may have difficulty buying or selling our common
shares. There is no assurance that an active market for our common stock will develop or that our common stock will achieve any particular
trading price. Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders for
investors. 

In addition, our common stock is unlikely to be followed
by any market analysts, and there may be few institutions acting as market makers for our common stock. Either of these factors could
adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock. 

Securities which are traded on OTC Markets may
not provide as much liquidity for our investors as more recognized senior exchanges such as the Nasdaq stock market or other national
or regional exchanges. 

The Company s Common Stock is currently quoted
on the OTCQB Tier of OTC Markets under the symbol of OKMN . OTC Markets is a computer network that provides information on
current bids and asks , as well as volume information. As of the date hereof, limited active trading market
has developed for our Common Stock. Securities traded on OTC Markets are usually thinly traded, highly volatile, have fewer market
makers and are not followed by analysts. The SEC s order handling rules, which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities, do not apply to
securities quoted on OTC Markets. Quotes for stocks included on OTC Markets are not listed in newspapers and are often unavailable at
many of the online websites which publish stock quotes. Therefore, prices for securities traded solely on OTC Markets may be difficult
to obtain and holders of our securities may be unable to resell their securities at or near their original acquisition price, or at any
price. 

Our stock price and trading volume may be volatile,
which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 

The equity trading markets may experience periods
of volatility, which could result in highly variable and unpredictable pricing of equity securities. The market price of our common stock
could change in ways that may or may not be related to our business, our industry or our operating performance and financial condition.
In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. We have experienced
significant volatility in the price of our stock over the past two years. Until a more active market develops for our common stock, if
ever, the price at which it trades is more likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace
and may be influenced by many factors, including the depth and liquidity of the market for our shares, developments affecting our business,
including the impact of matters referred to elsewhere in these risk factors, investor perception of the Company, and general economic
and market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common stock.
We cannot assure you that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. In addition,
the stock markets in general can experience considerable price and volume fluctuations. 

We are subject to the penny stock 
rules which adversely affect the liquidity of our Common Stock. 

The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define
 penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions.
The market price of our Common Stock is less than 5.00 per share and therefore we are considered a penny stock according
to SEC rules. This designation requires any broker-dealer selling these securities to disclose certain information concerning the transaction,
obtain a written agreement from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable to purchase the securities. These
rules limit the ability of broker-dealers to solicit purchases of our Common Stock and therefore reduce the liquidity of the public market
for our shares should one develop. 

Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our Common Stock, which could depress the price
of our Common Stock. 

FINRA has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer
to have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer before recommending an investment to a customer.
Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. Thus, the FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our Common
Stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares of Common Stock, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of
Common Stock, and thereby depress our price per share of Common Stock. 

18 

Shareholders may experience dilution of their
ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional common shares. 

In the future, we may issue additional authorized
but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our shareholders. We may also issue
additional shares of our securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common shares, as the case may be, in connection with
hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of its securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business
purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares may create downward pressure on the value of our securities. There can be
no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction
with any capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at which our shares may be valued or are trading
in a public market. 

The sale of the additional shares of Common
Stock could cause the value of our Common Stock to decline. 

The sale of a substantial number of shares of our
Common Stock, or anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future
at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish. 

Our Common Stock price may decrease due to factors
beyond our control. 

The stock market from time to time has experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices for emerging growth companies, and which often
have been unrelated to the operating performance of the companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price
of our stock, if a trading market for our stock ever develops. If our shareholders sell substantial amounts of their stock in the public
market, the price of our stock could fall. These sales also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity, or equity-related securities,
in the future at a price we deem appropriate. 

The market price of our stock may also fluctuate significantly
in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control: 

variations in our quarterly operating results; 

changes in general economic conditions; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures,
or capital commitments; 

loss of a major customer, partner or joint venture participant; and 

the addition or loss of key managerial and collaborative personnel. 

Any such fluctuations may adversely affect the market
price or value of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result, stockholders may be unable to sell their
shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss. 

We have not paid dividends in the past and do
not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock
and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings,
financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the board of directors may consider relevant.
If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if its stock price
appreciates. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

19 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

Okmin s principal office is located at 16501
Ventura Blvd., Suite 400, Encino, CA, 91436. The Company has a month-to-month lease arrangement for our corporate offices at a cost
of approximately 150 - 200 per month, with meeting space available to it on demand on a pay per use basis. Outside of this, the Company
also utilizes office space provided to it by associates at no charge. These arrangements are adequate for the Company s current
needs. 

At this time, Okmin does not anticipate purchasing
any real estate, nor does it anticipate purchasing any real property for its office. 

Oil and Gas Properties 

The Company s lease holdings are all within
the Cherokee Platform, a geological feature underlying an area of northeastern Oklahoma and southeastern Kansas in the mid-continent region
of the United States. The Cherokee Platform has been an established oil producing region for the last century. 

Oklahoma Blackrock Joint Venture 

In February 2021, Okmin entered into a Joint Venture
Agreement and Operating Agreement committing 100,000 in the initial phase to acquire working interests in ten oil and gas leases located
in Okmulgee and Muskogee Counties in Oklahoma. Under the Operating Agreement, Okmin s Joint Venture partner, Blackrock Energy
LLC Blackrock is the Operator of the project, handling the day-to-day operations on the ground. Pursuant to a further
agreement entered into on June 10, 2022, the Company added an additional five oil and gas leases across 739 acres to its joint venture
with Blackrock, thereby expanding the overall project to fifteen leases covering over 1,500 acres. 

Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, the Company has acquired
working interests WI in the following leases: 

50 Working Interests 

Chain Lease 160 Acres in Okmulgee County 

The Chain lease contains two oil wells,
a large tank battery, gun barrel and salt water disposal tank. The Chain #1 well is completed in the Dutcher sand zone. The well has
been operational and producing to 1 barrels of oil per day BOPD and a large volume of salt water. At present,
the operator has suspended producing from this well due to the large volumes of water it produces as the disposal well at Chain is not
capable of taking enough water to run the Chain #1 well full time. The operator is exploring alternative possibilities in connection with
water disposal. 

The second well
(Chain #2) is completed in the Booch Sand but is not fully equipped. The well would require rods, tubing, rod pump and an electric motor
plus wiring to activate. The Booch formation typically makes light sweet crude. The well has the potential to make 1-2 BOPD but would
require additional capital to reactivate. 

Burke Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

The Burke lease
has three shallow oil wells plus a tank battery. Two Burke wells had been reworked, and the rod pumps were rebuilt. Two
wells are in production of approximately 1 BOPD plus salt water. The third and historically most productive well on the lease is
currently idle. The well needs to be pulled and some pump repairs are required. The operator plans to continue treating the Burke
lease quarterly to maintain production. 

Preston Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

The Preston lease
has three shallow oil wells plus a tank battery which are all operational, producing 1.5 BOPD plus salt water. One Preston well had
been reworked with the rod pump rebuilt. Additionally, other repairs and reworks have been conducted. The operator
plans to continue treating the Preston lease quarterly to maintain production 

Salt water from
Preston and Burke is hauled off remotely once or twice monthly. The operator is seeking to eliminate the water hauling costs by potentially
activating an existing salt water disposal well located across the street from the Lease. This requires the operator to obtain the rights
and permits to utilize this well. If the operator is able to use this disposal well, it would potentially allow for an increase in daily
oil production as the two wells could be run for longer periods as they would no longer be subject to the capacity restraints of the existing
water tanks. 

Goldner Lease 160 Acres in Okmulgee County 

The Goldner lease
has three shallow oil wells plus a tank battery. Two oil wells are completed in the Booch Sand formation have been operating, producing
2-3 BOPD, plus a small amount of salt water. Goldner production levels tend to be affected by an adjacent lease, and if the
lease next door is actively pumping production at Goldner tends to increase. 

The third well
at Goldner is idle with a partial pump jack installed. The cost to activate the well would run approximately 15,000 with unknown potential. 

20 

Peavler Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

The Peavler lease
has seven shallow oil wells, a tank battery, and an injection well with tanks. Five of the seven wells are currently in production
on timers, with total production of approximately 1.5 BOPD. The other two wells on the lease are idle and need to be pulled
for repairs. Production on the lease has fluctuated, and the lease has produced at greater levels previously. Peavler has
a permitted water injection well to dispose of salt water, and water from our neighboring leases is occasionally hauled there in an effort
to minimize disposal fees. The operator plans to treat the lease at least quarterly in an effort to optimize production levels. 

Anthony Lease 70 Acres in Muskogee County 

This lease has
three oil wells on site with pump jacks and oil and water tanks. Currently only one well is operational. The other two wells
are idle and require tubing repairs and replacement pumps. When fully operating the lease has been producing .75-2 BOPD plus
salt water with small amounts of gas, but no gas meter is currently hooked up on site. 

Calley Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

The Calley lease
has one gas well with a pump jack and a 50-barrel oil tank. It is currently not in operation. Work was conducted replacing and patching
flow lines and the lease was free-flowing a small quantity of gas, but there is insufficient pressure to connect it to the pipeline
at present. The lease requires further evaluation. 

Abbey Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

The Abbey lease
has two oil and gas wells with pump jacks, a large tank battery with a gun barrel and an oil and gas separator. The two wells at Abbey
are currently not in operation. Previously, the Abbey lease was free-flowing a small amount of gas to the sale meter. Stimulation treatments
may be necessary to increase production to economic levels at prevailing natural gas prices. The Abbey lease is a potential candidate
for further recompletion work to tap unproduced zones upon an improvement in natural gas prices. 

Duffy Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

The Duffy lease
has three oil and gas wells on pump jack, a tank battery, a gun barrel and an oil/gas separator. The three wells at Duffy are currently
idle. The gun barrel requires repair work. Previous work had been done to flow lines and wiring at Duffy and the lease
was free-flowing a small amount of gas to the sale meter prior to the suspension of operations due to low gas prices. The Duffy lease
is a potential candidate for further recompletion work to tap unproduced zones upon an improvement in natural gas prices. 

25 Working Interest 

Hollingsworth Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

This lease has
an oil well on site that is currently idle. Additionally, there is a pump jack and oil and water tanks on site. The lease requires
further evaluation. 

21 

Pursuant to the extended Joint
Venture Agreement, the Company also acquired a 50 joint venture interest in the following leases: 

Shanks Lease 160 Acres in Okmulgee County 

This lease has four wells
on site, along with pump jacks and oil and water tanks. 

Initially the operator had activated one
of the four wells on the lease (Well 13C) and ran a 24 hour gas test on the well. The test results showed 198.5 MCFD potential. Upon being
put on production, the 13C well flowed 140 MCFD through the meter for a short time from the lower Dutcher zone at 1683 to 1687 feet. However,
due to blockages downhole, the flow rate subsequently dropped. Blockages and corrosion are typical since the well has been shut in for
a number of years. The well was subsequently pulled and the operator attempted to recomplete the well utilizing a stimulation technique,
though encountered continued issues with the well and was unable to resume immediate production. In April 2023, the lower zone was acidized
to clean up the gypsum blockages, and an additional zone was perforated in the middle Dutcher at a depth of around 1672 feet which shows
oil potential. The well resumed production at between 62 to 104 MCFD gas, but subsequently dropped to approximately
30 MCFD. A second well at the lease has been pulled and remains ready for perforating in due course. In view of prevailing low gas
prices, the joint venture partners have decided to cease capital expenditures and put the lease on care and maintenance at the present
time. 

Waldrip Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

This lease has
an oil and gas well on site that is currently idle. Additionally, there is a pump jack and oil tank on site. The lease requires further
evaluation. 

Circle V Lease 236 Acres in Okmulgee County 

This lease has
two oil and gas wells on site that are functional, though currently idle. Additionally, there is a pump jack and oil tank on
site. This lease is in close proximity to the Company s West Sheppard Pool project and has been impacted by the same issues
encountered there, as production is run through the Bell compressor station which has been suspended, as the gas pipeline company has
encountered equipment failure at the compressor station. In order to justify the investment in upgraded equipment, the pipeline company
is requiring local operators to provide additional production throughput to send more gas into the system. This issue is still unresolved. 

Hessom Lease 183 Acres in Okmulgee County 

This lease has
an oil and gas well on site that is currently idle. Additionally, there is a pump jack and oil tank on site. 

 Gas production
from this lease is also impacted by the suspension of the Bell compressor station. The operator is evaluating moving a new pump
jack on site, as it believes there is potential to resume oil production at this lease. 

Chastain Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

This lease has
two oil and gas wells on site that are not operational. Additionally, there is a pump jack and oil tank on site. There are some ongoing
maintenance issues with the functionality of the pump jack and other equipment on the wells which require sourcing parts and upgrades. 

The Company, through its
joint venture partner Blackrock has put considerable effort into reworking and rehabilitating these leases. In the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023, the Company s share of revenues from oil and gas sales from the Blackrock Joint Venture totaled 46,875.
Many wells are currently not active and will require additional capital expenditure to resume production. 

Our existing wells on these
leases encompass various oil and gas zones, generally ranging from 600 feet depth to approximately 2,200 feet. The majority of our wells
are drilled down to either the Sonora or the Booch Sands formations. The Sonora occurs at approximately 600 feet and the Booch Sands at
1,000 feet. On the Chain, Anthony, Calley, Abby and Duffy leases most of the wells are drilled to the Dutcher zone, which ranges from
1,400 to 2,000 feet. Calley and Abby both have wells in the Cromwell zone, which extends to a depth of 2,200 feet. 

Oil from the Joint Venture
is hauled and sold to a locally licensed First Purchaser in Oklahoma with over 40 years of oilfield experience. Natural gas is sold via
pipeline to a local subsidiary of Enerfin Resources, a privately held midstream natural gas and crude company based in Houston, Texas,
that was founded in 1986. The land owner royalties on these leases derived from gross revenue production varies from 12.5 to 23.5 . State
production tax on oil sales is 7 . 

22 

Kansas 

In July 2021, the Company
through its wholly owned Kansas subsidiary, Okmin Operations, LLC, entered into an agreement to acquire a 72.5 Net Revenue Interest in
the Vitt Lease located in Neosho County, Kansas. Okmin Operations, LLC acquired the lease with a cash payment of 25,000 together with
a commitment to make additional capital and operating expenditures to rework the wells on the lease. In the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 lease operating expenses recorded for the Vitt totaled 11,500. To date, the Company s aggregate additional capital and lease
operating expenditures on the lease are approximately 101,000. The lease covers 160 acres and includes eleven existing oil and gas wells
and four water injection wells. 

The Company has entered into
an operating agreement covering the Vitt Lease with Petron Oil and Gas LLC Petron ), pursuant to which Petron will handle
the reworking of the existing wells and other day to day operations at the lease. Under the operating agreement, the company has fulfilled
its commitment for expenditures to rework the existing wells and to cover operator costs and expenses of at least 50,000. Under
the agreement, J S McCoy Enterprises and Earnest Ashlock, who is the principal of Petron, together will retain a 15 Net Revenue
Interest in the Vitt Lease. Upon the lease becoming fully operational, it is anticipated that the parties will contribute capital
costs in accordance with their percentage working interest, of which Okmin s working interest is 85.8571428571 . The remaining 12.5 
Net Revenue Interest of the lease reverts back to the landowners. 

This
lease currently has fifteen wells on site. Nine oil and gas wells, two idle wells that require further evaluation, and four injection
wells. These are shallow wells drilled down to the Bartlesville zone at a depth of 525 feet. Five of the oil wells are functional.
In September 2023, the operator has begun to rework these wells, including rebuilding the downhole pumps, in order to establish more consistent
production. The other wells on site require additional reworking. One of the injection wells onsite remains idle. The Vitt lease
is equipped with pump jacks, oil and water tanks and other equipment. Since we acquired the lease a nominal amount of oil has been
sold from it, contributing approximately 5,200 to revenues in the last fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

West Sheppard Pool
Field in North East Oklahoma 

In November 2021, the Company
entered into a definitive joint venture and operating agreement with Blackrock to acquire a 50 joint venture interest in the West Sheppard
Pool Field, a series of leases totaling 1,930 acres located in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma with an upfront cost of 150,000 plus some ancillary
costs and an anticipated initial rework budgeted at 100,000. For the last fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded lease operating
expenditures of approximately 31,386. The 26 existing wells on the leases range from 850 feet to 1,950 feet in depth
with gas production from several zones as their main objective. Following the acquisition of the leases, the operator began to assess
the inventory of wells and equipment on site. Initial work focused on improving the flow lines, water congestion issues and electronic
metering. After some minor repairs, gas flowed at 25 to 50 MCFD. Additional work continued until gas sales were suspended,
as the gas pipeline company had an equipment failure at its compressor station three miles away. In order to justify its investment in
upgraded equipment, the gas pipeline company is requiring local operators to provide additional production throughput which sends
more gas into the system. 

Prior to the compressor outage,
six of the 26 wells on the property were selling into the pipeline. 4 additional wells were connected in late 2022, for a total
of 10 wells which will be ready to sell gas upon the resumption of the necessary throughput via the pipeline. Additionally, further trenching
work was conducted to lay flow lines with associated valve requirements. 

The operator had previously
negotiated an arrangement with the adjacent lease operator, which had yet to be implemented, to gather and sell the gas from three
of their wells situated in close proximity to our leases in exchange for 20 of the gas revenue. In June 2023, the Company entered
into a gas gathering agreement together with the owners of the adjacent East Sheppard Pool project (East and West Sheppard Pool
hereinafter referred to as Sheppard Pool ). Pursuant to the agreement, the parties at Sheppard Pool agreed to collaborate
to enhance gas flow outcomes into the numerous entry points of the local pipeline system. The compressor station at West Sheppard Pool
has been shut down since late last year. This agreement provisions for existing gas at West Sheppard Pool to resume flow into the pipeline
access at the East Sheppard Pool field at no cost. At the same time, the operator of the East Sheppard Pool field has been granted access
to channel numerous wells that sit dormant on their field via the master meter at West Sheppard Pool at no cost. 

The operator at East Sheppard Pool shall utilize its knowledge and expertise of the greater area, to conduct further work on the Company s
West Sheppard Pool leases in an effort connect more existing wells online with the ultimate goal of having the local compressor station
reactivated and achieving optimal gas flow for all parties at Sheppard Pool. Additionally, both parties have agreed to grant each other
preferential rights of purchase over their respective lease holdings at Sheppard Pool in the event of any potential sale being proposed
by one of the parties. 

An attempted gas flow test
in July, with the goal of resuming operation of the Bell compressor station was not completed after encountering further difficulties.
The parties are evaluating next steps and are in discussions about the potential to further restructuring in an effort to resume production
and advance the potential of this field. 

Beyond the agreement detailed
above, the operator believes that the property has additional developmental opportunities, including the potential to expand production
of the existing 26 wells from new zones, and spacing to drill additional wells. In the year ended June 30, 2023, we had lease operating
expenditures of approximately 31,386 as we continued to conduct some additional work at the project. We recorded minimal revenues
of 1,948 prior to the suspension of production at West Sheppard Pool, which continued through the end of the year. 

23 

Pushmataha County 
South East Oklahoma 

In December 2021,
the Company exercised its option and entered into a definitive joint venture and operating agreement with Blackrock to acquire 50 of
Blackrock s interest in the Pushmataha Gas Field, comprising 6 leases covering an area of 3,840 acres located in Pushmataha Cou nty,
Oklahoma. Blackrock had previously entered into a separate option to acquire working interests ranging from 92 -100 in the existing wells
and lease acreage from a third party. In connection with the initial acquisition, the Company expended approximately 253,000 in
cash. Under the terms of the Joint Venture agreement, after deducting operating costs including a flat sum of 1,000 per month to Blackrock
as operator, the Company shall receive all net income from revenues of the project until it has recouped 125,000, thereafter, the parties
shall equally split the income. 

The
Company has a 50 ownership interest in the Joint Venture with Blackrock. The leases owned by the Joint Venture are subject to land owner
royalties and other commitments resulting in net revenue interests to the joint venture of between 71 - 76 , with the exception of the
Stephenson well, which has a net revenue interest of approximately 68 . 

Pushmataha has 7 existing
gas wells ranging in depth from 10,000-12,300 feet. The wells were inactive since 2019 due to line leaks and lower gas prices, though
in April 2021 some wells were put back online and have at various intervals produced between 100-300 MCFD. Through the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded 60,066 in revenues from gas sales at the project. Earlier in the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023, the wells were shut in, as the operator awaited repairs to a gas leak by the pipeline owner to the pipeline gathering
system. The operator subsequently resumed production on the leases. 

The existing seven wells
show additional behind-pipe zones and the joint venture partners assessed recompleting a new zone in one of the wells called the KDC.
The operator had a rig out on site at KDC in late January and commenced some work on the well and were planning to conduct a recompletion,
though weather conditions made it too dangerous to proceed. Plans were also underway for the operator to commence repairing
or possibly replacing the plunger lift systems of some of the wells, with the goal of dewatering the wells to enable the gas to flow freely.
The joint venture partners have temporarily deferred pursuing this active rework activity during the current downturn in natural gas pricing
or until additional capital is available. 

In July 2022, a hydrocarbon
survey was conducted across these leases utilizing a third party patented remote sensing technology, which has provided the operator with
valuable data in charting the potential for the future development of this project. There is also space to drill new gas wells on the
3,840 acre leasehold, using the hydrocarbon mapping as a tool to locate the optimal drilling locations in these reservoirs. 

In the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023, lease operating expenditures were 69,186 with additional gas fees, transportation and taxes aggregating 18,440.
Additionally, there were capital expenditures of 21,256 on the project, including the hydrocarbon survey. The operator believes
with additional capital expenditures for reworking and recompletion efforts it can optimize the production potential of this
field. The application of newer technologies could also have an important impact on the economics for this asset. 

24 

The following table details the Company s net
oil and gas production by project in the fiscal year 2023 ended June 30, 2023. 

Net Oil and Gas Production by Project For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 

Oil 
 Natural
 Gas 

Project 
 Production (BBLS) 
 Avg.
 Cost ) 
 Avg.
 Sales Price ) 
 Production (MCF) 
 Avg.
 Cost ) 
 Avg.
 Sales Price ) 
 Total
 Revenue ) 

Black Rock JV 
 630 
 185 
 67.50 
 4,044 
 3.00 
 1.07 
 46,875 

Pushmataha 

16,277 
 4.00 
 3.69 
 60,066 

West Sheppard 

572 
 55 
 3.41 
 1,948 

Vitt Lease 
 56.6 
 203 
 92.03 

5,209 

The acreage of each of our projects as of June 30,
2023 is included in the following table. 

Total 

 Acreage 

Developed 

 Acreage 

Undeveloped 

 Acreage 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 

Black Rock JV 
 1,529 
 764.5 
 1,529 
 764.5 

Pushmataha 
 3,840 
 1,920 
 3,840 
 1,920 

West Sheppard 
 1,930 
 965 
 360 
 180 
 1,570 
 785 

Vitt Lease 
 160 
 137 
 40 
 34.25 
 120 
 102.75 

Total 
 7,459 
 3,786.5 
 5,769 
 2,898.75 
 1,690 
 887.75 

The following table details
the current classification of all existing wells on each of our projects as of June 30, 2023. 

Total
 Wells 

 (producing and idle) 

Producing
 Oil 

 Wells 

Producing
 Natural 

 Gas Wells 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 

Black Rock JV 
 38 
 19 
 13 
 6.5 

Pushmataha 
 7 
 3.5 

7 
 3.5 

West Sheppard 
 26 
 13 

Vitt Lease 
 11 
 9.4 
 5 
 4.3 

Total 
 82 
 44.9 
 18 
 10.8 
 7 
 3.5 

To date, Okmin has focused on reworking currently
producing wells and upgrading the infrastructure on its four projects. The Company believes that with additional capital commitments there
is considerable potential to increase production on each of the projects and is currently evaluating multiple methods. The Federal restrictions
on new oil and gas leases on Federal land has significantly improved the economics and attractiveness of older fields on private land.
Each of the projects has largely been without any notable work or investment expenditures in a number of years, and existing well spacing
on most of the projects is considerably less than currently allowed which would permit infill drilling into much of the acreage classified
as developed. In addition to the current reworking and reactivation of existing wells, the Company and its consultants are evaluating
a number of potential work programs to increase production. These include: 

Recompletion of wells into additional known hydrocarbon zones; 

Deepening wells; 

Stimulating reservoirs utilizing modern techniques; 

Infill drilling within the current permittable spacing; 

New drilling on undeveloped portions of the leases. 

During the next fiscal year,
the Company anticipates expenditures in connection with existing project areas to be up to 300,000. Such expenditures include up to 100,000
for work at Pushmataha, 100,000 in connection with the extended Blackrock Joint Venture including potentially acquiring interests in
neighboring leases and 100,000 on other project activities. 

There is no guarantee that
such allocations will occur in full. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, our resources may not be sufficient to fund our
planned operations and will have a significant negative effect on our operations and financial condition. 

25 

ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS. 

We are not currently involved in any litigation that
we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Beginning in September 2022, our common stock was
approved for trading on the OTCQB Tier of OTC Markets under the stock symbol OKMN . Any OTC Markets quotations reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The following table sets forth the range of high and
low bid prices of the Company s Common Stock during the periods indicated. 

Fiscal Year 2023 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Quarter ended June 30, 2023 
 0.30 
 0.055 
 
 Quarter ended March 31, 2023 
 0.12 
 0.102 
 
 Quarter ended December 31, 2022 
 0.00 
 0.102 
 
 Quarter ended September 30, 2022 
 0.00 
 0.00 

Fiscal
 Year 2022 
 
 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, there was no public market for the Company s common stock. 

The closing sales price of the Company s common
stock as reported on June 30, 2023, was 0.22 per share. 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

The Company s transfer agent is Vstock Transfer,
18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. Their phone number is (212) 828-8436, and their website is www.vstocktransfer.com. 

Based upon the records of the Company s transfer
agent, the number of holders of record of our common stock, including depositories, as of August 22, 2023 was 76. 

Dividends 

The Company has never declared or paid any cash or
stock dividends on its common stock. The Company currently intends to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of its
business. As a result, the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on
our common stock is within the discretion of our board of directors. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The Company presently does not have an equity compensation
plan. 

26 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During
Fiscal 2023 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued the following
shares of common stock in unregistered transactions without the participation of any broker-dealer or underwriter: 

Date 
 
 Description 
 Number of Shares Issued 
 Purchaser 
 Proceeds ) 
 Consideration 
 Exemption 
 
 September 2022 
 (a) 
 Common Stock 
 315,000 
 Consultants 
 Nil 
 Services 
 Sec. 4(a)(2) 
 
 September 2022 
 (b) 
 Common Stock 
 6,375,000 
 Investors 
 255,000 
 Placement 
 Sec. 4(a)(2) 
 
 October/November 2022 
 (b) 
 Common Stock 
 2,662,500 
 Investors 
 106,500 
 Placement 
 Sec. 4(a)(2) 
 
 December 2022 
 (c) 
 Common Stock 
 2,400,000 
 Consultants 
 Nil 
 Services 
 Sec. 4(a)(2) 
 
 January 2023 
 (b) 
 Common Stock 
 1,000,000 
 Investors 
 40,000 
 Placement 
 Sec. 4(a)(2) 
 
 February 2023 
 (d) 
 Common Stock 
 250,000 
 Consultants 
 Nil 
 Services 
 Sec. 4(a)(2) 

(a) 
 On September 30, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved the issuance of 315,000 shares of the Company s common stock in lieu of a cash payments of 12,600 in consideration of a compliance consulting services agreement and additional accounting, secretarial and public and investor relations services. 
 
 (b) 
 On September 29, 2022, the Company completed the initial placement of 6,375,000 equity units in a private placement. Subsequently, through March 31, 2023, the Company placed an additional 3,662,500 equity units in the private placement. Each unit consists of 1 common share and 0.5 of a warrant. The units were priced at 0.04 per unit and each full warrant will be exercisable to buy one share of the Company s common stock at a price of 0.05 until December 31, 2024. Pursuant to the terms of the placement the Company issued an aggregate of 10,037,500 common shares and 5,018,750 warrants for gross proceeds of 401,500. These equity units were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 
 
 (c) 
 On December 29, 2022, the Company issued 2,400,000 shares of common stock to a corporate consultant at a deemed value of 60,000. 
 
 (d) 
 On February 11, 2023, the Company issued 250,000 shares of common stock in connection with the signing of an ongoing services agreement with Sierra Land Resources, LLC, in connection with Land and Resource Development work at a deemed value of 12,500. 

With respect to sales designated in the table by Sec.
4(a)(2), these shares were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as privately negotiated, isolated, non-recurring transactions not involving any
public offer or solicitation. Each purchaser represented that such purchaser s intention was to acquire the shares for investment
only and not with a view toward distribution. 

The offers, sales, and issuances of the securities
described above were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Rule 506 as promulgated under Regulation D as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities
in each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution
thereof and appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these transactions. Each of the recipients of securities in these
transactions was an accredited or sophisticated person and had adequate access, through employment, business or other relationships, to
information about us. 

The Company claims an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act for the issuances of the above securities pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or
Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The investors in these securities are accredited investors as defined in
Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As the Company is a Smaller
Reporting Company (as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1)), the Company is not required to provide the information under this item. 

27 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You should read the following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this
Annual Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in
these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth under Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

The following discussion and analysis of the results
of operations and financial condition of Okmin Resources Inc. and its subsidiaries Okmin or the Company as of June 30, 2023 should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes to those audited financial statements
that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations to us , we , our and similar terms refer to Okmin. This Annual
Report contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events described in forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report may not occur. Generally, these statements relate to business plans or strategies, projected
or anticipated benefits or other consequences of our plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions to be made
by us, or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results. The words may, 
 will, expect, believe, anticipate, project, plan, 
 intend, estimate, and continue, and their opposites and similar expressions, are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject
to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence the accuracy of the
statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. 

Our actual results, performance
and achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. Except as required by federal
securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information,
future events or otherwise. 

U.S. Dollars are denoted herein by USD, 
 and dollars . 

Overview 

Okmin Resources, Inc. was organized in 2020 to engage
in the business of the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral rights and natural resource assets. 

As a development stage company, Okmin has been focused
on the acquisition and development of domestic oil and gas fields, investing in lower profile rework and recompletion opportunities with
lower entry costs. The company's initial projects are located in Oklahoma and Kansas. 

The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries that
conduct oil and gas activities, Okmin Operations, LLC incorporated on May 25, 2021, in the State of Kansas and Okmin Energy LLC, incorporated
on November 21, 2021, in the State of Oklahoma. 

The Company has an interest in four separate projects: 

1) 
 The Blackrock Joint Venture encompassing 15 oil and gas leases in Oklahoma 

2) 
 A 72.5 Net Revenue Interest in the Vitt oil lease located in Neosho County, Kansas 

3) 
 A 50 joint venture interest in West Sheppard Pool, a natural gas project in Northeast Oklahoma 

4) 
 A 50 joint venture interest in Pushmataha, a natural gas project in Southeast Oklahoma 

The Company has not conducted any reserve evaluations
or calculations, and there are currently no proven reserves on any of the Company s properties. 

Okmin entered into a Joint Venture Agreement and Operating
Agreement in February 2021, committing 100,000 in the initial phase to acquire working interests in ten oil and gas leases located in
Okmulgee and Muskogee Counties in Oklahoma. Under the Operating Agreement, Okmin has a 50 Working Interest in 710 acres and a 25 
interest in 80 acres. The Company s Joint Venture partner, Blackrock Energy LLC Blackrock is the Operator of the
project. Pursuant to a further agreement entered into on June 10, 2022, the Company added an additional five oil and gas leases across
739 acres to its joint venture with Blackrock, thereby expanding the overall project to fifteen leases covering over 1,500 acres. In the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, our share of the joint venture recorded revenues of 46,875 from oil and gas sales, predominantly oil. 

28 

The Company through its wholly owned Kansas subsidiary,
Okmin Operations, LLC entered into an agreement in July 2021 to acquire a 72.5 Net Revenue Interest in the Vitt Lease located in Neosho
County, Kansas. Okmin Operations, LLC acquired the lease with a cash payment of 25,000 together with a commitment to make additional
capital and operating expenditures to rework the wells on the lease. The lease covers 160 acres and after initial reworking now includes
nine active oil wells, two idle wells and four water injection wells. In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 lease operating expenses
recorded for the Vitt totaled 11,500. To date, the Company s aggregate additional capital and lease operating expenditures on the
lease are approximately 101,000. Since we acquired the lease, nominal amounts of oil have been
sold from it, contributing approximately 5,200 to revenues in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. In September 2023, the operator began
a rework program for 5 of the producing wells on the lease. 

In November 2021, the Company
entered into a definitive joint venture and operating agreement with Blackrock to acquire a 50 joint venture interest in the West Sheppard
Pool Field, a series of leases totaling 1,930 acres located in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma with an upfront cost of 150,000 plus some ancillary
costs and an anticipated initial rework budgeted at 100,000. As of the last fiscal year end on June 30, 2023, approximately 31,386
of additional expenditures had been made by the Company on field work. The 26 existing wells on the leases range from 850
feet to 1,950 feet in depth with gas production from several zones as their main objective. Following the acquisition of the leases, the
operator began to assess the inventory of wells and equipment on site. Initial work focused on improving the flow lines, water congestion
issues and electronic metering. After some minor repairs, gas flowed at 25 to 50 MCFD. Additional work continued until gas sales were suspended,
as the gas pipeline company had an equipment failure at its compressor station three miles away. In order to justify its investment in
upgraded equipment, the gas pipeline company is now requiring local operators to provide additional production throughput which sends
more gas into the system. 

Prior to the compressor outage,
six of the 26 wells on the property were selling into the pipeline. 4 additional wells were connected in late 2022, for a total of
10 wells which will be ready to sell gas upon the resumption of the necessary throughput via the pipeline. Additionally, further trenching
work was conducted to lay flow lines with associated valve requirements. 

The operator had previously
negotiated an arrangement with the adjacent lease operator, which had yet to be implemented, to gather and sell the gas from three
of their wells situated in close proximity to our leases in exchange for 20 of the gas revenue. In June 2023, the Company entered
into a gas gathering agreement together with the owners of the adjacent East Sheppard Pool project (East and West Sheppard Pool
hereinafter referred to as Sheppard Pool ). Pursuant to the agreement, the parties at Sheppard Pool agreed to collaborate
to enhance gas flow outcomes into the numerous entry points of the local pipeline system. The compressor station at West Sheppard Pool
has been shut down since late last year. This agreement provisions for existing gas at West Sheppard Pool to resume flow into the pipeline
access at the East Sheppard Pool field at no cost. At the same time, the operator of the East Sheppard Pool field has been granted access
to channel numerous wells that sit dormant on their field via the master meter at West Sheppard Pool at no cost. 

The operator at East Sheppard Pool shall utilize its knowledge and expertise of the greater area, to conduct further work on the Company s
West Sheppard Pool leases in an effort connect more existing wells online with the ultimate goal of having the local compressor station
reactivated and achieving optimal gas flow for all parties at Sheppard Pool. Additionally, both parties have agreed to grant each other
preferential rights of purchase over their respective lease holdings at Sheppard Pool in the event of any potential sale being proposed
by one of the parties. 

An attempted gas flow test
in July, with the goal of resuming operation of the compressor station was not completed after encountering further difficulties. The
parties are evaluating next steps and are in discussions about the potential to further restructuring in an effort to resume production
and advance the potential of this field. 

Beyond the agreement detailed
above, the operator believes that the property has additional developmental opportunities, including the potential to expand production
of the existing 26 wells from new zones, and spacing to drill additional wells. In the year ended June 30, 2023, we had lease operating
expenditures of 31,386 as we continued to conduct some additional work at the project. We recorded minimal revenues of 1,948 prior
to the suspension of production at West Sheppard Pool, which continued through the end of the year. 

In December 2021,
the Company exercised its option and entered into a definitive joint venture and operating agreement with Blackrock to acquire 50 of
Blackrock s interest in the Pushmataha Gas Field, comprising 6 leases covering an area of 3,840 acres located in Pushmataha County,
Oklahoma. Blackrock had previously entered into a separate option to acquire working interests ranging from 92 -100 in the existing wells
and lease acreage from a third party. In connection with the initial acquisition, the Company expended approximately 253,000 in
cash. Under the terms of the Joint Venture agreement, after deducting operating costs including a flat sum of 1,000 per month to Blackrock
as operator, the Company shall receive all net income from revenues of the project until it has recouped 125,000, thereafter, the parties
shall equally split the income. 

29 

The Company
has a 50 ownership interest in the Joint Venture with Blackrock. The leases owned by the Joint Venture are subject to land owner royalties
and other commitments resulting in net revenue interests to the joint venture of between 71 - 76 , with the exception of the Stephenson
well, which has a net revenue interest of approximately 68 . 

Pushmataha has 7 existing
gas wells ranging in depth from 10,000-12,300 feet. The wells were inactive since 2019 due to line leaks and lower gas prices, though
in April 2021 some wells were put back online and have at various intervals produced between 100-300 MCFD. Through the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2023, we recorded 60,066 in revenues from gas sales at the project. Earlier in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the
wells were shut in, as the operator awaited repairs to a gas leak by the pipeline owner to the pipeline gathering system. The operator subsequently
resumed production on the leases. 

The existing seven wells
show additional behind-pipe zones and the joint venture partners assessed recompleting a new zone in one of the wells called the KDC.
The operator had a rig out on site at KDC in late January and commenced some work on the well and were planning to conduct a recompletion,
though weather conditions made it too dangerous to proceed. Plans were also underway for the operator to commence repairing
or possibly replacing the plunger lift systems of some of the wells, with the goal of dewatering the wells to enable the gas to flow freely.
The joint venture partners have temporarily deferred pursuing this active rework activity during the current downturn in natural gas pricing
or until additional capital is available. 

In July 2022, a hydrocarbon
survey was conducted across these leases utilizing a third party patented remote sensing technology, which has provided the operator with
valuable data in charting the potential for the future development of this project. There is also space to drill new gas wells on the
3,840 acre leasehold, using the hydrocarbon mapping as a tool to locate the optimal drilling locations in these reservoirs. 

In the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023, lease operating expenditures at Pushmataha were 69,186 with additional gas fees, transportation and taxes aggregating
 18,440. Additionally, there were capital expenditures of 21,256 on the project, including the hydrocarbon survey. The operator
believes with additional capital expenditures for reworking and recompletion efforts it can further optimize the production
potential of this field. The application of newer technologies could also have an important impact on the economics for this asset. 

Subject to the Company being able to secure adequate
additional financing, it may also acquire the rights to and participate in drilling and/or other mining operations. The Company will evaluate
exploration and mining opportunities and other strategic corporate opportunities as they become available from time to time. 

The Company s activities are subject to significant
risks and uncertainties, including failing to secure additional funding to advance the Company s current plan to rework and possibly
develop its existing projects and to identify and acquire new projects. 

Results of Operations 

Fiscal Years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Revenue 

We generated 114,098 in revenue from oil and gas
sales for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 91,838 in revenues for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The increase
in revenue is attributable to advancing rework operations and activities on the Blackrock Joint Venture leases and to some extent at Pushmataha
over the past twelve months. Costs of revenues were 245,518 in the year ended June 30, 2023 versus 90,001 for the year ended June 30,
2022 as the Company had increased lease operating costs as it further developed operations across all of its projects. 

General and Administrative
Expense 

General and administrative
expenses increased to 378,497 for the year ended June 30, 2023 including a non-cash amount of 166,100 of which approximately 85,100
was common stock issued in lieu of cash for services and 81,000 was accrued and deferred compensation. This is compared to 236,206 for
the year ended June 30, 2022. This increase is attributable to the Company advancing operations and incurring expenses primarily for payroll
and personnel, professional fees, interest and other general administrative expenses necessary for our operations, as well as additional
costs associated with a public company. 

30 

Net Loss 

The net loss for the year
ended June 30, 2023 was 529,014 compared to a net loss of 234,369 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The Expenses during the period
ended June 30, 2023, included: compensation 81,000 in cash and 81,000 accrued compensation, lease operating expenses including taxes
and royalties of 263,018, interest of 19,510 and professional fees of 70,316. The net loss also includes non-cash items of 85,100
in stock issued for services. Additionally, the Company incurred additional expenses as it started trading as a public company. 

The Expenses during the period
ended June 30, 2022 by comparison included: compensation 54,000 in cash and 54,000 accrued compensation, lease operating expenses including
taxes and royalties of 87,859, interest of 13,385, professional fees of 40,773 and other general operating expenses. 

Net cash from investing activities 

In the year ended June 30, 2023, cash expended on
investing activities was 45,212 versus 556,007 in the year ended June 30, 2022. The significantly lower amount this fiscal year is attributable
to the Company investing additional capital into existing projects versus the previous year which also included the initial acquisition
costs and expenditures in connection with the Company s interests in the Vitt, West Sheppard Pool and Pushmataha leases and some
ongoing rework expenses at the original Blackrock Joint Venture. 

Net cash from financing 

Net cash from financing activities in the year ended
June 30, 2023 totaled 438,475, which was predominantly comprised of private placements of equity securities during the year. In the previous
year ended June 30, 2022 net cash from financing activities of 678,010 was predominantly comprised of private placements of equity securities
and a convertible note agreement entered into in November 2021, pursuant to which we raised 231,000 in financing. The note has a 10 
annual interest rate, with repayments of a minimum of 3,500 per month commencing as of May 2022 and any open balance is convertible at
the Lender s discretion into shares of the Company s common stock at 0.03 per share with warrant coverage at the same price
on the basis of one warrant per every three shares issued under the note. The principal amount of the note is secured by a lien on the
Vitt lease. In the related security agreement, the Company has agreed to remit the first 125,000 in net revenue received from its interest
in the Pushmataha Gas Field toward the payment and performance of the note. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had a remaining balance of
 171,135 on the note and outstanding interest of 32,895. In July 2023, the Company reached an agreement with the Lender to temporarily
suspend the monthly repayment requirement for three months, from July through September 2023. The note will continue to accrue the usual
interest during this period. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Current Financial Condition 

As of June 30, 2023, we had total assets of
 915,701, comprised primarily of cash of 214,316, oil and gas properties of 701,289 and other assets of 96. As of June 30, 2023,
we had total liabilities of 346,155, primarily comprised of convertible debt and related interest payable of 204,030 and deferred
and accrued compensation of 142,125. 

The Company had a net loss of 529,014 for the year
ended June 30, 2023 and an accumulated deficit of 835,304. As at June 30, 2023, we had working capital of approximately 72,287. We are
still a development stage company and to date we have only achieved limited revenues from operations and anticipate that operating revenues
will continue to be limited until the Company is in a position to commit substantial capital resources to its operations. 

In the 2023 fiscal year, the Company anticipates cash
needs of at least a minimum of 600,000, of which approximately 300,000 is for general corporate overhead and 300,000 for continued
work on existing properties. A portion of the required cash will be obtained from oil and gas sales. The Company plans to obtain the remainder
of the required capital through private sales of securities. 

To date, we have funded our operations primarily through
private sales of equity and/or convertible securities for cash. We depend upon debt and/or equity financing and revenues to fund our ongoing
operations and to execute our current business plan. In the 2023 fiscal year, such capital requirements and the requirements for our planned
ongoing activities is greater than the capital we currently have available. We will be required to obtain alternative or additional financing
from financial institutions, investors or otherwise, in order to maintain and expand our existing operations. Our most likely source of
additional capital is through the sale of our securities, including common stock. We may also obtain capital through the sale of preferred
stock or convertible securities, or through debt financing. If we are unable to obtain additional financing it would have a material adverse
effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations, including negatively affecting our ability to complete ongoing
activities and which could cause us to curtail or cease certain of our operations. 

31 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

This management s discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Preparation of financial statements requires management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingencies. Management bases its estimates on
various assumptions and historical experience, which are believed to be reasonable; however, due to the inherent nature of estimates,
actual results may differ significantly due to changed conditions or assumptions. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting
policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are fairly presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions
and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe any recently issued but
not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s present or future financial
statements. 

Going Concern Qualification 

The Company s financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal
course of business. 

 As reflected in the accompanying condensed financial
statements, the Company had a net loss of 529,014 for the year ended June 30, 2023 and an accumulated deficit of 835,304 as of the same
date. These factors, among others, raise doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company had working capital of 72,287 as at June
30, 2023. In the 2023 fiscal year, the Company anticipates cash needs of a minimum of 600,000, of which approximately 300,000 is for
general corporate overhead and a further 300,000 for operations and continued work on existing properties. The Company plans to obtain
that capital by issuing equity securities, which may consist of either capital stock or convertible debt. 

The Company s future success is dependent upon
its ability to achieve profitable operations, generate cash from operating activities and obtaining additional financing. If such additional
financing is not available on terms acceptable to us or at all, then we may need to curtail our operations and/or take additional measures
to conserve and manage our liquidity and capital resources, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations, and our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

The financial statements and the other information
required by this Item can be found beginning on page F-1 . 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

32 

ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to
reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure based closely on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognized that any controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management
necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

At the end of the period covered by this Annual Report,
we conducted an evaluation (the Evaluation ), under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon the
foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, the disclosure controls and procedures
of our Company were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports was recorded, processed,
summarized and reported on a timely basis because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

We carried out an evaluation, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of June 30, 2023. We identified certain deficiencies relating to our internal control over financial reporting that constitute
a material weakness under standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ). The PCAOB
defines a material weakness as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A deficiency in internal control exists when the design or operation of a control does not
allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely
basis. 

Material Weaknesses and Corrective Actions 

The following material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting continued to exist at June 30, 2023: 

We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our limited size and early-stage nature of operations, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible; however, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals; 

We lack an audit committee of our board of directors; and 

We have insufficient monitoring and review of controls over the financial reporting closing process, including the lack of individuals with current knowledge of U.S. GAAP. 

33 

We believe that these material weaknesses primarily
relate, in part, to our lack of sufficient staff with appropriate training in U.S. GAAP and SEC rules and regulations with respect to
financial reporting functions, and the lack of robust accounting systems, as well as the lack of sufficient resources to hire such staff
and implement these accounting systems. 

Subject to raising sufficient additional capital,
we plan to take a number of actions in the future to correct these material weaknesses including adding experienced accounting and financial
personnel and retaining third-party consultants to review our internal controls and recommend improvements. We will need to take additional
measures to fully mitigate these issues, and the measures we have taken, and expect to take, to improve our internal controls may not
be sufficient to (1) address the issues identified, (2) ensure that our internal controls are effective or (3) ensure that the identified
material weakness or other material weaknesses will not result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements.
In addition, other material weaknesses may be identified in the future. If we are unable to correct deficiencies in internal controls
in a timely manner, our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information accurately and within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the SEC will be adversely affected. This failure could negatively affect the market price and trading
liquidity of our common stock, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, subject us to civil and criminal
investigations and penalties, and generally materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and
Procedures 

In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that
management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal controls over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the names and positions of our current executive
officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with the Company 

Thomas Lapinski 
 
 79 
 
 Executive Chairman, Director 
 
 Jonathan Herzog 
 
 52 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Thomas Lapinski 
Mr. Thomas Lapinski has been the Chairman and a Director of Okmin Resources, Inc. since its inception in December 2020. Mr. Lapinski was
a founder and Chief Executive Officer of Torchlight Energy, Inc. from 2010 through 2015. From 2002 to the present, Mr. Lapinski has engaged
in consulting work on evaluating exploration, acquisition and re-development opportunities in the Rocky Mountain Region, Texas Gulf Coast,
Mid-Continent, the Middle East, and South America. From September 1996 to June 2002, Mr. Lapinski served as President of Stephens Energy
International. Prior to that, Mr. Lapinski spent over 30 years in senior positions with Amoco Corporation. Mr. Lapinski s expertise
is in project evaluations, operations management and strategic planning with experience throughout the Rocky Mountain region, Alaska,
U.S. mid-continent, the U.S. Gulf Coast and international arenas. With Amoco, he has held numerous positions, including Division Geophysicist
for Rocky Mountain Area, Regional Geophysicist for Africa and the Middle East, Exploration Manager for North and West Africa, President-Amoco
Morocco, President-Amoco Turkey, General Manager-Amoco Kenya, Exploration Manager Gulf Coast, Regional Exploration Manager for Southern
and Eastern U.S., and Manager for Resource and Business Development in Southern Rocky Mountain Area. Mr. Lapinski also spent time on a
special project for the Chairman of Amoco on key strategic planning issues where he was responsible for long-term monetization of Amoco s
North American asset base. Mr. Lapinski received a degree in Geophysical Engineering from the Colorado School of Mines in 1966. 

We appointed Mr. Lapinski
a member of the Board of Directors based on his knowledge and experience in the oil and gas industry. Mr. Lapinski s ability to
identify and evaluate opportunities is an important part of our continued success. 

34 

Jonathan D. Herzog - Mr. Jonathan Herzog has
been a Director and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Okmin Resources, Inc. since its inception in December 2020. Mr. Herzog
has over 25 years of corporate and senior management experience. During the past five years, Mr.
Herzog has served as an executive officer and director of Chabad of the Valley, a non-profit umbrella organization in Los Angeles, which
oversees multiple community centers and many charitable and social service programs. Additionally, during this time, Mr. Herzog has
been self-employed as a corporate and investor relations consultant for both private and public companies. From 2015 to 2016, Mr.
Herzog served as President and a Director of Intelligent Buying, Inc. From 1995 to 1999, Mr. Herzog
was a licensed Securities Dealer and Designated Trading Representative at Bell Securities Limited (now known as Bell Potter Securities),
a member firm of the Australian Stock Exchange. In 2002, Mr. Herzog relocated to the United States and served as the President of Avenue
Energy, Inc., achieving the transition from newly formed oil and gas exploration company to an oil producer in 2003. Mr. Herzog
also served as a Director on the Board of various other companies, including: Avenue Group and its subsidiary companies, Bickhams Media
and VideoDome Networks, which were acquired by ROO Group, Inc in 2004. Mr. Herzog was a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company
Directors from 1993 to 2011. Mr. Herzog holds a Bachelors Degree in Economics from Monash University in Melbourne, Australia. 

Directors hold office until the next annual meeting
of the Company s stockholders and the election and qualification of their successors. Officers hold office at the pleasure of the
Company s Board of Directors, and are subject to removal at any time by the Board. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our Board of Directors Board is primarily
responsible for overseeing our risk management processes on behalf of the Company. The Board receives and reviews periodic reports from
management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our company s assessment of risks. In addition,
the Board focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and our company s general risk management strategy, and also
ensures that risks undertaken by our company are consistent with the board s appetite for risk. While the Board oversees our company s
risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the
most effective approach for addressing the risks facing our company and that our board leadership structure supports this approach. 

Family Relationships 

There is no family relationship between the individuals
serving as executive officers and directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years, none of the persons serving
as our executive officers and directors has been the subject of any of the following legal proceedings that are required to be disclosed
pursuant to Item 401(f) of Reg. S-K: (a) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner
or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (b) any criminal convictions or any
criminal proceedings in which the person is a named subject (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (c) any order, judgment,
or decree permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
or banking activities; (d) any finding by a court, the SEC or the CFTC to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law,
any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud
in connection with any business entity; or (e) any sanction or order of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any
equivalent exchange, association, entity or other organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
with a member. Further, no such legal proceedings are believed to be contemplated by governmental authorities against any director or
executive officer. 

35 

Code of Ethics 

As a recently registered reporting company under the
Exchange Act, the Company has not yet adopted a code of ethics as contemplated by Item 406 of Reg. S-K that would apply to our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our
Board plans to adopt a written code of business conduct and ethics Code that applies to our directors, officers and employees,
including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing
similar functions. We intend to post on our website a current copy of the Code and all disclosures that are required by law in regard
to any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code. 

Nominating Committee 

We have not adopted any procedures by which security
holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Audit Committee 

The Board of Directors acts as the Audit Committee
and the Board has no separate committees. The Company has no qualified financial expert at this time because it has not been able to hire
a qualified candidate. Further, the Company believes that it has inadequate financial resources at this time to hire such an expert. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our directors and executive officers are indemnified
as provided by Nevada law and our Bylaws. These provisions state that our directors may cause us to indemnify a director or former director
against all costs, charges and expenses, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment, actually and reasonably incurred
by him as a result of him acting as a director. The indemnification of costs can include an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy
a judgment. Such indemnification is at the discretion of our board of directors and is subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission s
policy regarding indemnification. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires a company's
directors and officers, and persons who own more than 10 of any class of a company's equity securities which are registered under Section
12 of the Exchange Act, to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership on Form 3, reports of changes in ownership on
Form 4, and annual reports on Form 5 concerning their ownership of and transactions concerning our common stock and other equity securities.
Such officers, directors and 10 stockholders are also required to furnish the company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.
Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by the Company, or written representations from the reporting persons
as of the date of this Report, management believes that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to directors, officers and 10 
stockholders with respect to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, have been fulfilled with the following exceptions: 

As of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Aharonoff
Family Trust has not filed its initial Form 3 . The Company intends to assist the stockholder in its filing of Form 3. 

ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

With the exception of the Company s President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Jonathan Herzog, as detailed below, the Company has not paid compensation to its
executive officers. To date, the Company also has not paid any compensation to directors for their service as such. 

In connection with the formation of the Company, 5,000,000
shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock were designated and later subsequently issued to Mr. Herzog at a deemed value of
 0.001 per share with no cash consideration in lieu of work performed in organizing the corporation. Each share of Series A preferred
stock has voting rights of ten votes per share, though it is not entitled to receive dividends. Additionally, each share of Series A preferred
stock may be converted at 0.01 per preferred share into ten shares of common stock. 

36 

From inception through October 2021, the Company paid
no cash compensation to any officer or director for their service as such. Commencing as of November 1, 2021, the Company agreed to compensate
Mr. Herzog with 6,750 per month in cash compensation, together with a further 6,750 monthly to be accrued and deferred until management
determines that the Company is in a position to make such payments. The Company and Mr. Herzog have not entered into a formal written
employment agreement in relation to Mr. Herzog s compensation and employment terms as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer. As of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company has accrued 135,000 in outstanding compensation. Such accrued
amounts may be paid in cash or may be paid through the issuance of common stock or preferred stock in lieu of cash payments. 

The following summary compensation table sets forth
all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by the Company during the fiscal years ended June
30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, in all capacities for the accounts of our executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer. 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary Paid in Cash 
 Salary Accrued 
 Other Compensation 
 Total Compensation 

Jonathan Herzog, 
 2023 
 81,000 
 81,000 
 
 162,000 
 
 President, CEO and CFO 
 2022 
 54,000 
 54,000 
 
 108,000 

Thomas Lapinski, 
 2023 

Chairman 
 2022 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The Company did not issue equity awards to executive
officers during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Employment Agreements 

None. 

Grants of Plan Based Awards 

We did not make any plan-based equity or non-equity
awards grants to named executives during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Option Exercises 

There were no options exercised by our named officers
during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Compensation of Directors 

As of the year ended June 30, 2023, our directors did not earn compensation for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide
pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant
to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted
at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

Executive Compensation Philosophy 

Our Board of Directors determines the compensation
given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves the right to pay our executives or any future
executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive
bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s performance. This package may also
include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives with our
long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance base stock options to date,
the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes such grants
would be in the best interests of the Company. 

37 

Incentive Bonus 

The Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses
to our executive officers and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are
in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we
are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. 

Long-Term, Stock Based Compensation 

In order to attract, retain and motivate executive
talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award our executives and any future executives with
long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth certain information,
as of September 21, 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common stock by (i) any holder of more than five
(5 percent; (ii) each of the Company s executive officers and directors; and (iii) the Company s directors and executive
officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power over the
shares beneficially owned. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Ownership of Common Stock (1) 
 
 Jonathan Herzog (2) 
 80,000,000 
 48.8 
 
 Thomas Lapinski (3) 
 20,200,000 
 17.7 
 
 Roy Mansano (4) 
 13,318,000 
 10.8 
 
 Aharonoff Family Trust (5) 
 12,500,000 
 11.0 
 
 Shmuel Naparstek 
 7,600,000 
 6.7 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (2 persons) 
 100,200,000 
 66.5 

(1) 
 Based on 113,951,875 shares of common stock outstanding as of September 21, 2023, together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of September 21, 2023 for each stockholder. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of a security if such person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of such security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities if that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days of September 21, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated by footnote, the named entities or individuals have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock beneficially owned. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes (i) 30,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company, and (ii) 50,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company issuable upon conversion of 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Herzog. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock (i) may be converted at 0.01 per preferred share into 10 shares of common stock, and (ii) has voting rights of ten votes per share. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 200,000 shares beneficially owned by Judy Lapinski, the spouse of Thomas Lapinski. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes 3,000,000 shares of common stock owned directly by Mr. Mansano plus the following additional shares owned indirectly by Mr. Mansano through a private company he controls: 1,250,000 shares of common stock, 6,801,000 shares of common stock issuable upon full conversion of the currently outstanding principal amount and accrued interest of the Company s convertible note held by Mr. Mansano (the Convertible Note ), and 2,267,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants that would be issued upon full conversion of the Convertible Note. 
 
 (5) 
 Voting and investment power of the Aharonoff Family Trust is held by Daniel and Vardit Aharonoff. 

No Director, executive officer, affiliate or any owner of record or beneficial
owner of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company. 

38 

ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The following includes a summary of transactions since
the beginning of the 2023 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the
amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of its total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than compensation
described under Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable,
in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received,
as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

At no time during the last two fiscal years has any
executive officer, director or any member of these individuals immediate families, any corporation or organization with whom any
of these individuals is an affiliate or any trust or estate in which any of these individuals serves as a trustee or in a similar capacity
or has a substantial beneficial interest been indebted to the Company or was involved in any transaction in which the amount exceeded
 120,000 and such person had a direct or indirect material interest. 

Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our Board of Directors is charged with reviewing and
approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions must then be reported under applicable SEC rules.
We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions, but instead review them on a case-by-case
basis. 

Director Independence 

Because our common stock is not currently listed on
a national securities exchange, we currently use the definition in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) for determining director independence,
which provides that an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or employee of the company or any
other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the company's Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board of Directors has undertaken a review of its composition
and the independence of each director. Based on the review of each director s background, employment and affiliations, including
family relationships, the Board of Directors has determined that there are no independent directors under the rules and
regulations of the SEC. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

BF Borgers CPA PC served as our independent auditors
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The following is a summary of the fees billed to the Company for professional services rendered
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Fiscal
 Year Ended
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Audit fees 
 22,700 
 15,160 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total fees 
 22,700 
 15,160 

AUDIT FEES. Consists of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements and review of the interim consolidated financial
statements included in quarterly reports and services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

39 

AUDIT-RELATED FEES. Consists of fees billed for assurance
and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s consolidated financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

TAX FEES. Consists of fees billed for professional
services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

ALL OTHER FEES. Consists of fees for products and
services other than the services reported above. There were no management consulting services provided in fiscal 2023 or 2022. 

POLICY ON AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF AUDIT AND
PERMISSIBLE NON-AUDIT SERVICES OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

The Company currently does not have a designated Audit
Committee, and accordingly, the Company s Board of Directors policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other
services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category
of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically report
to the Company s Board of Directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this
pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Board of Directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case
basis. 

40 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Okmin Resources,
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on September 23, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Okmin Resources, Inc. (Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2021). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Convertible
 Preferred Stock of Okmin Resources, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2021). 

3.4 

Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Okmin Resources, Inc. (Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 December 29, 2021). 

4.1 
 Form of Secured
 Convertible Loan Agreement by and between Roy Mansano MD APMC and Okmin Resources, Inc. dated November 17, 2021 (Incorporated by
 reference to the Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement by and between Blackrock Energy, LLC and Okmin
 Resources, Inc. dated February 18, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10 Registration Statement filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Agreement for Vitt Lease by and between Earnest
 Ashlock, J S McCoy Enterprises, LLC and Okmin Resources, Inc. dated July 1, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10 Registration
 Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2021). 

10.3 

Joint
 Venture Agreement (West Sheppard Pool Field) by and between Blackrock Energy, LLC and Okmin
 Resources, Inc. dated November 29, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10 Registration
 Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2021). 

10.4 

Joint Venture Agreement (Pushmataha) by and between
Blackrock Energy, LLC and Okmin Resources, Inc. dated November 29, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 10/A Registration Statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022). 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: September 28, 2023 

Okmin Resources, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan Herzog 

Jonathan Herzog 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jonathan Herzog 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Jonathan Herzog 

/s/ Thomas Lapinski 

Chairman and Director 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Thomas Lapinski 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Know all persons by these presents
that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jonathan Herzog, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer as a true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and in his name,
place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (i) act on, sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments
to this Report together with all schedules and exhibits thereto, (ii) act on, sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
any and all exhibits to this Report and any and all exhibits and schedules thereto, (iii) act on, sign and file any and all such certificates,
notices, communications, reports, instruments, agreements and other documents as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith
and (iv) take any and all such actions which may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith, granting unto such agent, proxy
and attorney-in-fact, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or appropriate to be done, as
fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby approving, ratifying and confirming all that such agent,
proxy and attorney-in-fact, or any of his or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jonathan Herzog 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Jonathan Herzog 
 
 Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

42 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets As of June 30, 2023 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) For the Years Ended 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the shareholders and the board of directors of
Okmin Resources, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Okmin Resources, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the related statement of operations, stockholders'
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the period December 18, 2020 (Inception) through June 30, 2022 and through June 30, 2023, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the period December 18, 2020 (Inception) through June 30, 2022 and through June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s significant
operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021 

September 28, 2023 

F- 2 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30 
 June 30 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Production revenue receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Oil and gas properties, net 

Black Rock Joint Venture 

Other assets and restricted cash 

Total noncurrent assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities: 

Accrued interest payable 

Note payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholder's Equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholder s equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F- 3 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Oil and gas sales 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expense 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Interest income 

Loss before taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net income (loss) per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F- 4 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Additional 
 
 Stockholders' 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Equity/ 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, June
 30, 2021 

Shares
 issued for cash 

Shares
 issued for services 

Shares
 used for financing (Note 9) 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2022 

Shares
 issued for cash 

Shares
 issued for services 

Net loss 

) 

Balance
 June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

June
 30, 2023 
 June
 30, 2022 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operations: 

Accrued Product Sale (O G) 

Prepaid Deposit 

Security Deposit 

Production revenue receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash from operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Investment in oil and gas properties 

Net cash from investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Note Payable 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of preferred stock 

Net cash from financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

F- 6 

OKMIN RESOURCES INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (AUDITED) 

. 

in the initial phase to acquire working interests and
commence rehabilitation work on a package of ten oil and gas leases located in Okmulgee and Muskogee Counties in Oklahoma. Under the Operating
Agreement, Okmin s Joint Venture partner is the Operator of the project. Pursuant to a further agreement entered into on June 10,
2022, Okmin added an additional five oil and gas leases across 739 acres to the Joint Venture with Blackrock, thereby expanding the overall
project to fifteen leases covering over 1,500 acres. 

Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreements, the Company has acquired working
interests WI in the following leases: 

50 Working Interest 

Chain Lease 160 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Burke Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Preston Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Goldner Lease 160 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Peavler Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Anthony Lease 70 Acres in Muskogee County 

Calley Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Abbey Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Duffy Lease 40 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Shanks Lease - 160 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Waldrip Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Circle V Lease 236 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Hessom Lease 183 Acres in Okmulgee County 

Chastain Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

25 Working Interest 

Hollingsworth Lease 80 Acres in Okmulgee County 

There are no proven reserves of any
classification in the Blackrock Joint Venture leases. 

Vitt Project Kansas 

In July 2021, the Company through its wholly owned
Kansas subsidiary, Okmin Operations, LLC entered into an agreement to acquire a Net Revenue Interest in the Vitt Lease located in
Neosho County, Kansas. Okmin Operations, LLC acquired the lease with a cash payment of together with a commitment to make additional
expenditures, initially of at least to rework the wells on the lease. The lease covers 160 acres and includes eleven existing
oil and gas wells, of which two sit idle requiring equipment and four water injection wells. As of June 30, 2023, additional expenditures
beyond the purchase totaled . In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company received marginal revenue from the project amounting
to . 

West Sheppard Pool Field in North East Oklahoma 

In August 2021, the Company entered into an option
agreement with Blackrock to acquire a joint venture interest in the West Sheppard Pool Field, a series of leases totaling 1,930 acres
located in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma. In November 2021, the Company exercised its option and entered into a definitive joint venture and
operating agreement with Blackrock at a cost of in cash and has incurred lease operating expenditures of approximately 
for the year ending June 30, 2023. In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company received production revenue of prior to
lease operations being suspended. 

The 26 existing wells on the leases range from 850
feet to 1950 feet in depth with gas production from several zones as their main objective. 

Pushmataha in South East Oklahoma 

In December 2021,
the Company exercised its option and entered into definitive agreements with Blackrock to acquire a joint venture interest in the
Pushmataha Gas Field, comprising 6 leases covering an area of 3,840 acres located in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma. In connection with the
acquisition, the Company expended in cash. In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, lease operating expenditures
at Pushmataha were with additional gas fees, transportation and taxes aggregating . Additionally, there were capital expenditures
of on the project, including a hydrocarbon survey. In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company achieved production
revenues of from this project. 

compared to revenue of for the year ended June 30, 2022. Refer to the table below of production
and revenue through June 30, 2023. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 our cost of revenue, consisting of lease operating
expenses and production and excise taxes was and respectively. 

2023 

shares
of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had a total of shares of Series A
preferred stock issued and outstanding. Jonathan Herzog, the Company s
President and Chief Executive Officer owns all of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock upon liquidation, winding-up or
dissolution of the Corporation, ranks on a parity, in all respects, with all the Common Stock. 

Common stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares
of common stock with a par value of per share. 

At June 30, 2023, the Company had shares
of its common stock issued and outstanding. 

The Company has issued the following shares for cash
pursuant to private placements: 

In October 2021, the Company completed a Private Placement
of shares for aggregate proceeds of . 

On April 26, 2022, the Company issued common
shares to two individuals in a private placement for proceeds of . These shares were issued pursuant
to an exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

During the year ended June
30, 2023, the Company completed the private placement of equity units at a price of per unit. Each unit consists of one
common share and 0.5 of a warrant. Each full warrant is exercisable to buy one additional share of common stock at a price of until
December 2024. A total of common shares and were issued in this placement for gross proceeds of . These equity
units were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

In the Company s efforts to conserve limited
liquidity, these shares included shares of common stock issued during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and 2023 in lieu of services
or in connection with financing as follows: 

On September 30, 2021, the board of directors approved
the issuance of shares of common stock in lieu of a cash payment of in consideration of accounting services. 

On November 22, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to a lender in connection with a convertible note financing of and recorded a non-cash expense of 
in connection with such financing. (See Note 10) 

On March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock to a corporate and investor relations consultant in lieu of ongoing services and recorded a non-cash expense of 
and a further shares of common stock in lieu of website services, recording a non-cash expense of . 

On September 30, 2022, the board of directors approved
the issuance of an aggregate of shares of common stock in lieu of cash payments of in consideration of: accounting, secretarial
and public relations related services. 

On September 30, 2022, the board of directors approved
the issuance of shares of common stock in connection with a consulting services agreement for services in connection with the
Company s filing preparation, compliance matters and business activities. 

On December 29, 2022, the board of directors approved
the issuance of shares of common stock in connection with ongoing services of a corporate consultant covering a twelve-month
period. 

On February 11, 2023, the board of directors approved
the issuance of shares of common stock in connection with the signing of an ongoing services agreement with Sierra Land Resources,
LLC, in connection with Land and Resource Development work. 

Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Preferred Stock 

Convertible Debt 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

at June 30, 2023 are available to offset future taxable income. This results in a net deferred tax asset, assuming an effective
tax rate of of approximately at June 30, 2023. 

for the year ended June 30, 2023 and an accumulated deficit of as of June 30, 2023. These
factors, among others, raise doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company had working capital of as at June
30, 2023. The Company plans to obtain that capital by
issuing equity securities, which may consist of either capital stock or convertible debt. 

The Company s future success is dependent upon
its ability to achieve profitable operations, generate cash from operating activities and obtaining additional financing. If such additional
financing is not available on terms acceptable to us or at all, then we may need to curtail our operations and/or take additional measures
to conserve and manage our liquidity and capital resources, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations, and our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

in financing. The note has a annual interest rate, with repayments of a minimum
of per month commencing as of May 2022 and any open balance is convertible at the Lender s discretion into shares of the
Company s common stock at per share with warrant coverage at the same price on the basis of one warrant per every three shares
issued under the note. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had an outstanding balance of and accrued interest of payable
on the convertible note. The principal amount of the note is secured by a lien on the Vitt lease. In the related security agreement, the
Company has agreed to remit the first in net revenue received from its interest in the Pushmataha Gas Field toward the payment
and performance of the note. 

common shares to its consulting geologist and another
consultant for services rendered in lieu of cash under the following terms: 

shares at a deemed price of per share for services valued at 

shares at a deemed price of per share for services valued at 

b) In July 2023, the Company reached an agreement with the holder of its Convertible Note to temporarily
suspend the monthly repayment requirement for three months, from July through September 2023. The note will continue to accrue interest
during this period. 

F-14 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan Herzog, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, of Okmin Resources, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, and evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and printed in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies
in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial
reporting. 

Dated: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan Herzog 

Jonathan Herzog 

Chief Executive Officer and President 
(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING
OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan Herzog, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended June 30, 2023, of Okmin Resources, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, and evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and printed in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies
in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial
reporting. 

Dated: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan Herzog 

Jonathan Herzog 

Chief Financial Officer 
(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K
of Okmin Resources, Inc. (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan Herzog, the Chief Executive Officer and President, of the Company, do hereby
certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge
and belief that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan Herzog 

Jonathan Herzog 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K
of Okmin Resources, Inc. (the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan Herzog, the Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, do hereby certify pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: September 28, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan Herzog 

Jonathan Herzog 

Chief Financial Officer 
(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 okmin-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 okmin-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 okmin-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 okmin-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 okmin-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

